Integrity     Innovation       Excellence        Sharing


To become a leading domestic and internationally renowned Chinese investment bank,
trusted by clients around the world




                                                                                                                                                                           中信証券
                                                                                                                                      2023
                                                                                                                中信証券年度報告
                                                                                                                                                                           年度報告


                                                                                                             2023
                                                                                                                                      CITIC SECURITIES 2023
                                                                                                                                      Annual Report




                                                                                                              CITIC SECURITIES 2023




                                                                                                              Annual Report




  Website: http://www.citics.com
  Email: ir@citics.com
  Telephone: 0086-10-60838888, 0086-755-23835888, 00852-26008888
  Address: CITIC Securities Tower, No.48 Liangmaqiao Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing
                                                                                                                                      A joint stock limited company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability
            CITIC Securities Tower, No.8 Zhong Xin San Road, Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province
            26/F, CITIC Tower, 1 Tim Mei Avenue, Central, Hong Kong                                                                   Stock Code: 6030
IMPORTANT NOTICE



The Board and the Supervisory Committee and the Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management of the
Company warrant the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of the contents of this report and that there is
no false representation, misleading statement contained herein or material omission from this report, for which
they will assume joint and several liabilities.

This report was considered and approved at the Eighteenth Meeting of the Eighth Session of the Board of the
Company. All Directors attended this meeting of the Board. No Director raised any objection to this report.

KPMG Huazhen LLP and KPMG issued the standard and unqualified auditor’s reports for the Company’s
domestic and international financial statements for the year, respectively.

Mr. ZHANG Youjun, head of the Company, Mr. ZHANG Hao, the Chief Financial Officer and Ms. XI Zhiying, the
head of the Company’s accounting department, warrant that the financial statements set out in this report are
true, accurate and complete.

The Company’s profit distribution plan during the Reporting Period as resolved and approved by the Board
is to distribute a cash dividend of RMB4.75 (tax inclusive) for every 10 Shares. This proposal is subject to the
approval by the general meeting of the Company.

Forward looking statements, including future plans and development strategies, contained in this report do not
constitute a substantive commitment to the investors by the Company. Investors should be aware of investment
risks.

There was no appropriation of funds of the Company by the controlling shareholder and its related/connected
parties for non-operating purposes.

The Company had made no guarantee to external parties in violation of the stipulated decision-making
procedures.

There is no such a situation where the majority of the Directors cannot warrant the truthfulness, accuracy and
completeness of the annual report disclosed by the Company.

The Company prepared this report in both English and Chinese versions. In the event of any discrepancies
between the English version and the Chinese version of this report, the Chinese version shall prevail.
                                                    Contents




Contents
Chairman’s Statement                            2
Company Information                             5
Financial Summary                              20
Management Discussion and Analysis             25
Report of the Board                            66
Significant Events                             83
Changes in Shares and Information on
  Substantial Shareholders                    126
Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management
  and Employees                               141
Corporate Governance Report                   161
Independent Auditor’s Report and
  Notes to Financial Statements               199
Documents Available for Inspection            343
Definitions                                   344
Material Risk Factors                         349
Appendix 1: Organization Chart                350
Appendix 2: Index of Information Disclosure   351
Chairman’s Statement
Dear Shareholders,

2023 was the first year to fully implement the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of China (CPC).
Over the year, China has made solid strides in building itself into a modern socialist country in all respects. In 2023, steadily
promoting its operation and management, CITIC Securities maintained stable operating results and an industry-leading
position in various lines of business. During this year, the Company recorded an operating revenue of RMB60.068 billion and
a net profit attributable to Shareholders of the Company of RMB19.721 billion, with total assets reaching RMB1.45 trillion.
It is with the care and support of the Shareholders and the investors that we have accomplished these results. On behalf of
CITIC Securities, I hereby extend our deep appreciation to all Shareholders.


2023 also marked the 20th anniversary of the A-share listing of CITIC Securities. On our first successful Investor
Engagement Campaign, we shared the experience drawn from our development since the Company went public
20 years ago and talked to the Shareholders, investors, and customers vis-à-vis to better take advice from the
investors and demonstrate our investment value. Over the past 20 years from the day it was floated, the Company has
remained dedicated to following national strategies and serving the real economy. To give back to investors and deliver
customer-oriented services, we have established a comprehensive licensed financial service system, consistently expanded
our balance sheet, practically managed risk and compliance in all respects, built market-oriented management mechanisms,
propelled tech-enabled digital transformation on all fronts, and actively fulfilled our social responsibility. Moreover, we have
been providing stable returns to Shareholders and investors by paying dividends of RMB73.9 billion to Shareholders over the
two decades.


Over the past year, by developing new quality productive forces we achieved more remarkable results in serving the real
economy. As a champion of the innovation-driven development strategy, we have been helping build a modern industrial
system. Our aggregate underwriting size of equities listed on the STAR Market, ChiNext and BSE and our underwriting size
of innovation-driven technology company bonds both ranked first in the market with an underwriting size of equity and debt
of RMB2.2 trillion in aggregate. We channeled more social capital into fields critical to China’s scientific and technological
self-reliance, such as new materials, new energy, and information technology by making investments of nearly RMB10 billion
through our proprietary funds and private equity funds. A number of enterprises we invest in have overcome the bottlenecks
in the key links of industrial chains.


Over the past year, we have been committed to delivering inclusive finance services to better meet the wealth management
needs of investors. We have been providing all-round, high-quality and multi-level wealth management and asset
management services, and building a multi-level buyer investment advisor configuration service system. We have achieved




02
                                                                                                                                  Chairman’s Statement
the coverage of all asset segments and all types of customers from RMB10 thousand to more than RMB10 million, better
satisfying the personalized and differentiated allocation needs of customers and improving investors’ sense of contentment.
We exerted continuous efforts to build the brand influence of our pension business, support the development of the three
pillars of pension, and conduct financial investment management services oriented to elderly care undertakings. The total
size of social insurance, basic pension, enterprise annuity, and occupational annuity under management amounted to more
than RMB730 billion. We were rated A for fundamentals in the evaluation by the National Council for Social Security Fund of
the People’s Republic of China.


Over the past year, we offered green finance services and actively fulfilled our social responsibilities. We actively propelled
and participated in the innovation of green financial products and services to provide abundant green financial solutions
for enterprises, and guided the green and low-carbon transformation of industrial and energy structures through capital
allocation. We underwrote a total of RMB71.6 billion for 150 green bonds (including carbon-neutral bonds) and served
Yangtze Power in the completion of the material assets restructuring of RMB80.5 billion. We creatively carried out the
carbon finance business, completed the first repurchase transaction for combined carbon assets, and created the first
risk mitigation tool for carbon asset pledge loan in China. To promote public welfare and support rural revitalization,
we donated and invested a total of RMB55.17 million throughout the year, and provided immediate assistance to the
earthquake-stricken area in Jishishan, Gansu Province, fully leveraging the role of CITIC Securities as a public welfare fund
platform. The Company’s MSCI ESG rating has been upgraded for two consecutive years and has reached Grade A.




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report      03
Chairman’s Statement



Over the past year, we focused on risk prevention to build a more robust global risk and compliance control system. Paying
close attention to the correlation and systematicness among various financial risks, as well as the prevention and mitigation
of cross-market, cross-industry, and cross-border risks, we proceeded with proper counter-cyclical management of financial
risks in the new situation and effected whole-process management covering various risks in multiple dimensions. We
optimized the internal management by means of information technology and digitalization, enhanced the capabilities of new
risk prevention and compliance management, and continued to improve due diligence criteria and requirements for the audit
process. We required the front office and middle office to take risk management seriously and strengthened the personnel
management and internal training, so as to properly conduct daily risk monitoring, early warning, prevention and resolution.
We spent more efforts on systematic capability building, and improved the risk disposal responsibility mechanism with
consistent rights and responsibilities, compatible incentives and constraints.


The year 2024 marks the 75th anniversary of the founding of the People’s Republic of China and also a critical period
for fulfilling the goals and tasks set in the national 14th Five-year Plan. Following the guidance of Xi Jinping Thought on
Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era throughout, CITIC Securities will bear in mind the country’s most
fundamental interests and strengthen the sense of serving the people. To speed up building the Company into a first-class
investment bank and investment institution, we will continue to optimize our overall plan for global business, reinforce
the construction of our global business system, enhance our capabilities of delivering cross-border, cross-business, and
cross-market services, and boost the quality and efficiency of serving the real economy. Furthermore, while assisting in
customers’ long-term development, we will remain committed to serving investors’ interests in a bid to continually create
long-term stable value in return for the investment of Shareholders and investors and contribute as much as we can to the
construction of a financial powerhouse.



                                                                                                            ZHANG Youjun
                                                                                                                   Chairman
                                                                                      CITIC Securities Company Limited
                                                                                                             26 March 2024




04
Company Information
Profile
Name in Chinese                                      中信証券股份有限公司

Abbreviation in Chinese                              中信証券




                                                                                                                                                       Company Information
Name in English                                      CITIC Securities Company Limited

Abbreviation in English                              CITIC Securities Co., Ltd.

Legal Representative                                 ZHANG Youjun

President                                            YANG Minghui

Authorized Representatives                           YANG Minghui, YANG Youyan

Registered Capital and Net Capital of the Company
                                                                                                                                    In RMB Yuan
                                                                                           As at the end of the                As at the end of
                                                                                              Reporting Period                          last year


 Registered Capital                                                                           14,820,546,829.00            14,820,546,829.00
 Net Capital                                                                                139,615,490,534.95           135,851,886,858.17

 Note:     As of the date of publication of the report, the total number of Shares of the Company was 14,820,546,829, of which 12,200,469,974 were A
           Shares and 2,620,076,855 were H Shares


The Business Scope of the Company includes: securities brokerage (for areas other than Shandong Province, Henan Province,
Tiantai and Cangnan Counties of Zhejiang Province), securities investment consulting, financial advice in relation to securities
trading and investment activities, securities underwriting and sponsoring, self-operated securities business, securities assets
management (NSSF domestic entrusted investment management, securities investment management for basic pension
insurance fund, investment management for enterprise annuity fund and investment management for occupational pension
fund), securities margin trading, selling of securities investment funds, provision of intermediary introduction services to futures
companies, distribution of financial products, stock options market making, market making for listed securities. (For projects
subject to approval in accordance with laws, business activities may be carried out only after approval by relevant authorities,
and specific business projects are subject to the approval documents and licenses from the relevant authorities)


In addition, the Company also has the following business qualifications:


1.       Business qualifications approved or certified by the CSRC: entrusted investment management business, online securities
         entrustment business; entrusted wealth management; operation of overseas securities investment management business
         by qualified domestic institutional investors (QDII); direct investment; interbank market interest rate swap business; stock
         index futures trading in proprietary business and asset management business; pilot business of stock return swap; first
         class OTC option dealer; treasury bond futures trading in proprietary business and securities asset management business;
         pilot business of agency services for gold and other precious metal spot contracts and proprietary trading for spot gold
         contracts; custodian business for securities investment funds; credit risk mitigation instruments selling business; market
         making business of treasury bond futures; commodities derivatives transaction and the trading of financial products on
         overseas exchanges; carrying out pilot cross-border business; market making business for listed securities.

                                                                               CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report              05
Company Information



2.   Business qualifications approved by the stock exchange: market maker of stock exchange fixed income platform; warrants
     trading; agreed repurchase-type securities trading business; stock pledge-style repo business; margin refinancing and
     securities relending; Southbound Trading Connect business; bond pledge-style quoted repo business; financing business
     with respect to exercising rights under share incentive schemes of listed companies; stock options brokerage; proprietary
     trading for stock options; SSE and SZSE ETF options market makers; China Financial Futures Exchange stock index
     options market maker; commodity options market maker of Dalian Commodity Exchange, Zhengzhou Commodity
     Exchange, Shanghai Futures Exchange, Shanghai International Energy Exchange; and member of BSE.

3.   Business qualifications approved by SAC: quoted transfer business; OTC market business; OTC trading business;
     internet-based securities business pilot; cross-border income swap transaction business.

4.   Business qualifications approved by the People’s Bank of China: lending transactions and bond transactions in the
     National Interbank Funding Centre; short-term commercial paper underwriting; market maker in interbank bond
     market; and primary dealer of open market.

5.   Other business qualifications: member of book-entry government bond underwriting syndicate; Class A clearing
     participant of CSDC; license for operating foreign exchange in securities business (foreign-currency negotiable securities
     brokerage, foreign-currency negotiable securities underwriting and entrusted foreign-exchange asset management);
     investment manager for enterprise annuity fund and occupational pension fund; member of underwriting syndicate of
     policy bank; manager of converted shares of the NSSF; NSSF domestic investment manager; entrusted management
     of insurance funds; securities investment management for national basic pension insurance fund; pilot refinancing
     business; sideline insurance agency business; business with special institutional clients of insurance institutions;
     recommending business and brokerage business through National Equities Exchange and Quotations; market-making
     business through National Equities Exchange and Quotations; consultancy services relating to the secrecy-involved
     business of the military industry; member of Shanghai Gold Exchange; product general clearing member of Shanghai
     Clearing House; foreign exchange settlement and sale business; member of Asset Management Association of China;
     member of interbank foreign exchange market; member of interbank foreign currency market; member of the Shanghai
     Commercial Paper Exchange Corporation Ltd.; and trustee of debt financing instruments for non-financial enterprises.

Contact Person and Methods
                                            Board Secretary, Securities Affairs Representative,
                                            Company Secretary

 Name                                       Board Secretary: WANG Junfeng
                                            Securities Affairs Representative: WANG Lei
                                            Joint Company Secretaries: YANG Youyan, YU Hiu Kwan, Hilda

 Contact Address                            CITIC Securities Tower, No. 48 Liangmaqiao Road,
                                            Chaoyang District, Beijing


                                            CITIC Securities Tower, No. 8 Zhong Xin San Road, Futian District,
                                            Shenzhen, Guangdong Province
                                             (Note:   This is a postal address and is in the same building as that of the registered address of the
                                                      Company. The registered address of the Company corresponds to the name of the building
                                                      registered with the Shenzhen Real Estate Ownership Registration Centre)


 Telephone                                  0086-10-60836030, 0086-755-23835383

 Facsimile                                  0086-10-60836031, 0086-755-23835525

 Email                                      ir@citics.com


06
Basic Information
Registered Address of the Company        North Tower, Excellence Times Plaza (II), No. 8 Zhong Xin San Road, Futian
                                         District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province




                                                                                                                            Company Information
Historical Change of Registered          On 6 April 2000, with the approval of CSRC and the former State Administration
  Address of the Company                 for Industry & Commerce of the People’s Republic of China, the registered office
                                         of the Company was changed from Beijing to Shenzhen


Office Address of the Company            CITIC Securities Tower, No. 48 Liangmaqiao Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing
                                         CITIC Securities Tower, No. 8 Zhong Xin San Road, Futian District, Shenzhen,
                                         Guangdong Province


Postal Code of Office Address            100026, 518048
  of the Company


Business Address in Hong Kong            26/F, CITIC Tower, 1 Tim Mei Avenue, Central, Hong Kong


Website of the Company                   http://www.citics.com


Email                                    ir@citics.com


Telephone                                0086-10-60838888, 0086-755-23835888


Facsimile                                0086-10-60836029, 0086-755-23835861


Customer Service Hotline for Brokerage   95548, 4008895548
  and Asset Management Business


Investor Relations Hotline               0086-10-60836030, 0086-755-23835383


Unified Social Credibility Code          914403001017814402




                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   07
Company Information



Information Disclosure and Availability Places
Media designated for information          China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News, Securities Times
 disclosure by the Company

The websites designated for               Website designated by the CSRC: http://www.sse.com.cn
  publication of the Annual Reports       (website of the SSE)
  of the Company                          Website designated by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange: http://www.hkexnews.hk
                                          (HKEXnews website of HKEX)
                                          Website of the Company: http://www.citics.com

Places where Annual Reports               10/F, CITIC Securities Tower, No. 48 Liangmaqiao Road,
  of the Company are available            Chaoyang District, Beijing
                                          16/F, CITIC Securities Tower, No. 8 Zhong Xin San Road, Futian District,
                                          Shenzhen, Guangdong Province
                                          26/F, CITIC Tower, 1 Tim Mei Avenue, Central, Hong Kong

Brief Information of the Shares of the Company
                                                                             Stock
Class of Shares         Stock Exchange of Listing                            Short Name           Stock Code

A Share                 SSE                                                  CITIC Securities     600030
H Share                 Hong Kong Stock Exchange                             CITIC SEC            6030

Other Information of the Company
History of the Company
The Company was incorporated in Beijing in October 1995, under the name of CITIC Securities Limited, with registered
capital of RMB300,000,000. The principal Shareholder of the Company was CITIC Group which directly held 95% of share
capital of the Company.

In December 1999, CITIC Securities Limited was converted into a joint stock limited company known as CITIC Securities
Company Limited. The registered capital was increased to RMB2,081,500,000 and the direct shareholding of CITIC Group
was 37.85%.

In April 2000, with the approval of CSRC and the former State Administration for Industry & Commerce of the People’s
Republic of China, the Company was relocated to Shenzhen.

In December 2002, the Company conducted the initial public offering of 400,000,000 A Shares, and such Shares were
listed on the SSE in January 2003 with proceeds of RMB1.8 billion. The total number of Shares of the Company was
increased to 2,481,500,000 and the direct shareholding of CITIC Group was 31.75%.

In August 2005, the Company carried out and completed the non-tradable shares reform, and all such Shares were tradable
shares, and the direct shareholding of CITIC Group was 29.89%.

In June 2006, the Company completed the A Shares private issuance and the proceeds amounted to RMB4.645 billion.
The total number of Shares of the Company increased to 2,981,500,000 and the direct shareholding of CITIC Group was
24.88%.




08
In September 2007, the Company completed the A Shares public equity issuance and the proceeds amounted to
RMB25 billion. The total number of Shares of the Company increased to 3,315,233,800 and the direct shareholding of CITIC
Group was 23.43%.




                                                                                                                              Company Information
In April 2008, the Company completed a capitalization issue of 10 bonus Shares for every 10 Shares. The total number of
Shares of the Company increased to 6,630,467,600.

In June 2010, the Company completed a capitalization issue of 5 bonus Shares for every 10 Shares. The total number of
issued Shares of the Company increased to 9,945,701,400.

In October 2011, the Company conducted the initial public offering of 1,071,207,000 H Shares, which were listed and
traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in October and November. The net proceeds amounted to approximately
HK$13.82 billion, making the Company the first Chinese securities company listed overseas. The total number of Shares
of the Company increased to 11,016,908,400, of which 9,838,580,700 Shares were A Shares and 1,178,327,700 Shares
were H Shares, and the direct shareholding of CITIC Group was 20.30%.

In February 2013, the largest Shareholder of the Company was changed to CITIC Corporation Limited and its direct
shareholding in the Company was 20.30%.

In June 2015, the Company completed the H Share private placement and the proceed amounted to approximately
HK$27.06 billion. The total number of Shares of the Company increased to 12,116,908,400, of which 9,838,580,700
Shares were A Shares and 2,278,327,700 Shares were H Shares. The direct shareholding of CITIC Corporation Limited was
15.59%.

In February 2016, CITIC Corporation Limited increased its shareholding in the Company and the direct shareholding of CITIC
Corporation Limited increased to 16.50%.

In March 2020, the Company completed the acquisition of Guangzhou Securities by A Shares private placement. The
total number of Shares of the Company increased to 12,926,776,029, of which the number of A Shares increased to
10,648,448,329. The direct shareholding of CITIC Corporation Limited was 15.47%. New substantial shareholders, namely
Yuexiu Financial Holdings (now renamed as “Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital Holdings Group Co., Ltd. (廣州越秀資本控股集團股
份有限公司)”) and Financial Holdings Limited (now renamed as “Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital Holdings Co., Ltd. (廣州越秀資本
控股集團有限公司)”), with an aggregate shareholding ratio of 6.26%, were added.

In March 2022, the Company completed A+H Share rights issuance and the proceed amounted to approximately
RMB27.33 billion. The total number of Shares of the Company increased to 14,820,546,829 Shares, of which A Shares
increased to 12,200,469,974 Shares and H Shares increased to 2,620,076,855 Shares. CITIC Limited and CITIC
Corporation Limited held a total of 18.45% of the Company’s Shares, and Yuexiu Financial Holdings, Financial Holdings
Limited and Yuexiu Financial International held a total of 7.47% of the Company’s Shares.

In August 2023, the largest shareholder of the Company had been changed to CITIC Financial Holdings. After CITIC
Corporation Limited, the former largest shareholder, together with CITIC Limited, its party acting in concert, gratuitously
transferred all shares held in the Company to CITIC Financial Holdings, CITIC Financial Holdings held 2,299,650,108 A
Shares and 434,311,604 H Shares of the Company, amounting to a total of 2,733,961,712 Shares, representing 18.45% of
the total issued shares of the Company.




                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report    09
Company Information



After its listing on SSE, the Company has since been included in the SSE 180 Index, SSE 50 Index, CSI 300 Index, FTSE
China A50 Index, Dow Jones China 88 Index, MSCI China A50 Index, Hang Seng (China A) Corporate Sustainability
Benchmark Index, CSI 300 ESG Benchmark Index, SSE SH Equities Index, SSE Central State-owned Enterprises 50 Index,
CSI State-owned Enterprises 200 Index, CSI Connect A Share Investment 50 Thematic Index (中證互聯互通A股投資50
主題指數), CSI Green Value ESG 100 Index (中證綠色價值ESG100指數), CSI High Dividend Top Index, SSEF 200 Index
and SSE Dividend Allocation Index, etc. After its listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Company has since been
included in constituent stocks of indices such as the Hang Seng China H-Financials Index, Hang Seng China AH Index
Series, Hang Seng Composite Index, Hang Seng Composite Industry Index — Financials, Hang Seng Composite MidCap
Index, Hang Seng China (Hong Kong-listed) 100 Index, Hang Seng CSI Shanghai-Hong Kong AH Smart Index, MSCI China
Index, Hang Seng (China A) Corporate Sustainability Benchmark Index, FTSE China 50 Index, Hang Seng Climate Change
1.5˚C Target Index, Hang Seng China 50 Index, Hang Seng Stock Connect China 80 Index and Hang Seng Stock Connect
Greater Bay Area High Dividend Yield Index, which greatly enhanced the prestige of the Company. Since the launch
of Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect on 17 November 2014, the Shares of the Company have been included in its
northbound trading list and southbound trading list respectively. Upon the launch of Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect
on 5 December 2016, H Share of the Company has become an eligible stock of Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect.

Changes in registration status during the Reporting Period:

On 6 April 2023, the Company completed the filing of amendments to directors and supervisors of the Company and
licensed operation projects and the Articles of Association with the Shenzhen Administration for Market Regulation.

Information of first registration:

Date of First Registration: 25 October 1995

First Registered Address: Capital Mansion, No. 6 Xinyuan South Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing

Registration Number of Corporate Legal Person Business License: 10001830

Certificate of Organization Code: 10178144-0

Please refer to “Company Information” of the 2002 Annual Report of the Company for the information on the first registration
of the Company.

Changes in the businesses
The Company was established by CITIC Group through integrating the original scattered securities operating institutions
immediately after the initial start of the securities market in China. At the end of 1996, the Company became one of the first
ten securities houses whose stock underwriting qualification was re-approved by CSRC.


In October 1999, the Company became one of the first batch of comprehensive securities companies approved by CSRC
and one of the first batch of securities houses whose qualification as a lead underwriter for equity product was re-approved
by CSRC. The Company is one of the supervisor members of the Securities Association of China, one of the first batch of
securities companies to enter into the national interbank lending market, and one of the first batch of securities companies
authorized to engage in stock-secured loans.


In 2002, the Company obtained the qualifications to engage in entrusted investment management business and fund sales
agency services.




10
In 2005, the Company obtained the qualification as enterprise annuity investment manager.


In 2006, the Company became one of the first batch of securities companies to obtain the qualification as a lead underwriter
of short-term commercial papers.




                                                                                                                                Company Information
In 2007, the Company obtained the qualifications for the trial business of direct investment and overseas securities
investment management business as a qualified domestic institutional investor (QDII).


In 2008, the Company became a Class-A clearing participant of CSDC and obtained the qualification for the provision of
intermediary introduction services to futures companies.


In 2009, the Company obtained the qualification to manage the transfer of converted shares of the NSSF.


In 2010, the Company obtained the qualifications for margin financing and securities lending business, stock index futures
trading in proprietary business and assets management business and was approved to be a domestic investment manager
for the NSSF.


In 2011, the Company became one of the first batch of companies to obtain the agreed repurchase-type securities trading
qualification.


In 2012, the Company obtained the qualifications for underwriting of private placement of SME bonds, entrusted
management of insurance funds, distribution of financial products, pilot businesses of stock return swap, pilot refinancing
business and consultancy services relating to secrecy-involved business of the military industry.


In 2013, the Company obtained the qualifications for sideline insurance agency business, and treasury bond futures trading
in proprietary business and the securities assets management business. It was among the first batch of companies to obtain
the qualifications for membership of Shanghai Clearing House on RMB interest rate swaps.


In 2014, the Company was among the first batch of companies to obtain the qualification as a general clearing member
of Shanghai Clearing House to conduct the clearing agency business. It obtained the qualifications for agency services
business for gold and other precious metal spot contracts and proprietary business for spot gold contracts, OTC option
business, Internet-based securities business, New OTC market-making business, securities investment fund custody
business, Southbound Trading Connect business, credit risk mitigation instruments selling business and financing business
with respect to exercising rights under share incentive schemes of listed companies, and was qualified as a primary dealer of
the open market.


In 2015, the Company obtained the qualification of the stock options market making business, and was approved to
commence SSE 50 ETF options market making business; the Company became a stock options trading participant on the
SSE and obtained the trading permission to commence the stock options brokerage and proprietary trading business.


In 2016, the Company obtained the qualification to manage investment with occupational annuity and was accepted as a
non-bank member on the Shanghai Commercial Paper Exchange Corporation Ltd., and obtained the trading permission to
commence the rediscount, pledged repurchase, outright repurchase and other transactions of bills.


In 2017, the Company obtained the qualification of market-making of commodity options on the Zhengzhou Commodity
Exchange.


                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report     11
Company Information



In 2018, the Company obtained the qualifications for investment in overseas financial products or instruments that other
QDIIs are allowed to invest in using its proprietary capital; obtained the qualifications of market-making on the Shanghai
Futures Exchange.


In 2019, the Company obtained the business qualification as principal market maker of listed funds; was approved to
conduct the market making business of treasure bond futures and the stock index option market making business; obtained
the operation qualification of settlement and sale of foreign exchange business, and can conduct pilot settlement and sale of
foreign exchange business; became a member of the interbank foreign exchange market and the interbank foreign currency
market, and can engage in spot, forward, swap, currency swap, foreign currency interest rate swap and options trading;
obtained the qualification of market-making of commodity options on the Zhengzhou Commodity Exchange and the Dalian
Commodity Exchange.


In 2020, the Company can carry out related foreign exchange business on behalf of customers, and became the trustee of
debt-financing instruments for non-financial enterprises and can carry out entrusted management business.


In 2021, the Company obtained the qualification of membership on the BSE, carried out the pilot fund investment advisory
business, the pilot business of account management function optimization, and centralized clearing agency business for
credit default swaps.


In 2022, the Company obtained the qualification of market-making trading of listed securities, and can engage in the
pilot market-making business of stocks on the STAR Market, can participate in the market-making and securities lending
business on the STAR Market, can independently carry out the lead underwriting business of debt financing instruments
of non-financial enterprises, carry out sideline insurance agency business and agency sale business of personal pension
investment fund.


In 2023, CITIC Securities AM obtained the license for operating securities and futures business and commenced business,
and the Company’s securities asset management business (excluding the domestic entrusted investment management
of the National Social Security Fund, the securities investment management of the basic pension insurance fund, the
investment management of the enterprise annuity fund and the investment management of the occupational annuity fund)
and the overseas securities investment management business conducted by qualified domestic institutional investors (QDII),
and the qualification for entrusted management of insurance funds will be inherited by CITIC Securities AM.


The organization status of the Company
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has seven principal wholly-owned subsidiaries, namely CITIC Securities
(Shandong), CSI, GoldStone Investment, CITIC Securities Investment, CITIC Futures and CITIC Securities South China,
CITIC Securities AM, and one principal controlling subsidiary, namely China AMC. Please refer to “Analysis of principal
controlling subsidiaries” of this report for details.


Number and distribution of securities branches of the Company
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company, CITIC Securities (Shandong), CITIC Securities South China, Kington
Securities had 53 branch offices and 313 securities outlets in China. In addition, as at the end of the Reporting Period, CSI
had six branches in Hong Kong through its subsidiary.




12
The number and distribution of domestic securities outlets of the Group are as follows:


Province,                   Number of     Province,                  Number of      Province, city             Number of
city or area                  outlets     city or area                 outlets      or area                      outlets




                                                                                                                             Company Information
Zhejiang                             60   Shandong                            52    Guangdong                           50
Jiangsu                              26   Beijing                             22    Shanghai                            20
Hubei                                10   Liaoning                            10    Fujian                               7
Jiangxi                               7   Henan                                7    Sichuan                              7
Hebei                                 7   Shaanxi                              6    Hunan                                6
Tianjin                               4   Anhui                                3    Shanxi                               2
Guangxi                               2   Heilongjiang                         1    Yunnan                               1
Chongqing                             1   Jilin                                1    Inner Mongolia                       1

The number and distribution of domestic securities branch offices of the Group are as follows:


Province,                  Number of      Province,                 Number of       Province,                 Number of
city or area            branch offices    city or area           branch offices     city or area           branch offices

Zhejiang                              7   Shandong                              5   Guangdong                            7
Jiangsu                               5   Beijing                               1   Shanghai                             2
Hubei                                 1   Liaoning                              2   Fujian                               2
Jiangxi                               1   Henan                                 1   Sichuan                              1
Hebei                                 1   Shaanxi                               1   Hunan                                1
Tianjin                               1   Anhui                                 1   Shanxi                               1
Guangxi                               1   Heilongjiang                          1   Yunnan                               1
Chongqing                             1   Jilin                                 1   Inner Mongolia                       1
Hainan                                1   Guizhou                               1   Gansu                                1
Xinjiang                              1   Ningxia                               1   Qinghai                              1




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   13
Company Information



Number and distribution of other branches
As at the end of the Reporting Period, CITIC Futures held 47 branch offices and 4 futures outlets in China, the number and
distribution of which are as follows:


Province,                     Number of        Province,                   Number of    Province,                   Number of
city or area                   branches        city or area                 branches    city or area                 branches


Beijing                                   3    Guizhou                              1   Inner Mongolia                       1
Shanghai                                  4    Hainan                               1   Ningxia                              1
Guangdong                                 6    Hebei                                1   Shandong                             4
Zhejiang                                  7    Henan                                1   Shanxi                               1
Yunnan                                    1    Hubei                                1   Shaanxi                              1
Heilongjiang                              1    Hunan                                1   Sichuan                              1
Anhui                                     1    Jiangsu                              3   Tianjin                              1
Fujian                                    2    Jiangxi                              1   Xinjiang                             1
Gansu                                     1    Liaoning                             2   Chongqing                            1
Guangxi                                   1

Other Relevant Information
Auditors engaged by the                 Name                                 KPMG Huazhen
  Company (Domestic)                    Office Address                       8th Floor, KPMG Tower, Oriental
                                                                             Plaza, 1 East Chang An Avenue,
                                                                             Dongcheng District, Beijing, the PRC
                                        Name of the signing accountant       Abby Wang, CHENG Hailiang


Auditors engaged by the                 Name                                 KPMG Hong Kong
  Company (Overseas)                    Office Address                       8th Floor, Prince’s Building, 10 Chater Road,
                                                                             Central, Hong Kong, the PRC
                                        Name of the signing accountant       Thomas Chan


Sponsors performing continuous          Name                                 Tianfeng Securities Co., Ltd
  supervision duties during             Office Address                       Building 2, Tianfeng Mansion,
  the Reporting Period                                                       No. 217 Zhongbei Road,
                                                                             Wuchang District, Wuhan, Hubei Province
                                        Name of the signing sponsor          LU Yongwei, ZHOU Jianwen
                                        Period of continuous supervision     From 15 February 2022 to 31 December 2023




14
Sponsors performing continuous   Name                                China Post Securities Co., Ltd.
  supervision duties during      Office Address                      17 Zhushikou Dong Street,
  the Reporting Period                                               Dongcheng District, Beijing
                                 Name of the signing sponsor         CUI Pingping, LI Yong




                                                                                                                          Company Information
                                 Period of continuous supervision    From 15 February 2022 to 31 December 2023


Legal Advisers as to PRC Laws    Name                                Jia Yuan Law Offices


Legal Advisers as to             Name                                Jia Yuan Law Offices
  Hong Kong Laws


A Share Registrar                Name                                CSDC, Shanghai Branch
                                 Office Address                      No. 188 Yanggao South Road, Pudong New Area,
                                                                     Shanghai


H Share Registrar                Name                                Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services
                                                                     Limited
                                 Office Address                      Shops 1712–1716, 17/F, Hopewell Centre,
                                                                     183 Queen’s Road East, Wanchai, Hong Kong




                                                               CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   15
Company Information



Awards in 2023
 The Company
Issued by                 Name of Awards

Shanghai Stock Exchange   Excellent Options Market Maker, Top 10 Options Brokers

Shenzhen Stock Exchange   Excellent Corporate Bond Underwriter, Excellent Bond Market Maker, Excellent
                          Fixed-Income Innovative Product Intermediary

China Association for     Best Practice Awards for Board Office in 2023 (2023年度董事會最佳實踐案例), Best
 Public Companies         Practice Cases of Annual Report Performance Briefing of Public Companies in 2022 (上市
                          公司2022年報業績說明會最佳實踐案例)

China Institute of        National Advanced Group of Internal Audit 2020–2022 (2020–2022年度全國內部審計先進
 Internal Audit           集體)

Bond Connect Company      Outstanding Investors in Northbound under Bond Connect (Investment Banking) (債券通
 Limited                  北向通優秀投資者(投資銀行類)), Innovation Award in Cross-Border Subscription (跨境認
                          購創新獎), Excellent Northbound Market Maker (北向通優秀做市商)

International Finance     The 4th IFF Global Green Finance Award • Innovation Award
  Forum (IFF)             (第四屆IFF全球綠色金融獎 • 創新獎)

Asia Risk                 Best Equity Derivatives Institution for 2023 (2023年度最佳股權衍生品機構)


Interbrand                Top 50 Best Brands in China for 2023 (2023中國最佳品牌排行榜50強)

International Finance     Best Equity House in China for 2022 (2022年度中國最佳股權融資投行)
  Review (IFR Asia)

New Fortune               The 16th New Fortune Best Investment Bank
                          No. 1 Best Local Investment Bank, No. 1 Best Investment Bank in Equity Underwriting,
                          No. 1 Best IPO Investment Bank, No. 1 Best Refinancing Investment Bank, No. 1 Best
                          Investment Bank in Serving Overseas Markets, Best Practice ESG Investment Bank

Securities Times          2023 Jun Ding Award for Securities Investment Bank in China
                          Full-Service Investment Bank, Equity Financing Investment Bank, Overseas Investment Bank
                          2023 Jun Ding Award for Securities Industry Asset Management in China
                          Full-Service Asset Management Institution, Asset Management Equity Team, Asset
                          Management Quantitative Team
                          2023 Jun Ding Award for Securities Industry Wealth Management Broker in China
                          Full-Service Institution Broker
                          The 14th Tianma Award for Investor Relations of Chinese Listed Companies
                          Best Investor Relations Award for Chinese Listed Companies




16
Issued by                  Name of Awards

Wind Info                  Wind’s Best Investment Bank for 2022
                           Best Investment Bank, Best A-Share Equity Underwriter, Best H-Share IPO Sponsor, Best




                                                                                                                      Company Information
                           China M&A Financial Advisor
                           Best Bond Underwriter — Securities Company, Best Credit Bond Underwriter — Excellent
                           Securities Trader Award, Best Asset-backed Securities Underwriter
                           Top 100 ESG Best Practices of Chinese Listed Companies in 2023


China Securities Journal   2023 Golden Bull Award in Chinese Securities Industry
                           Golden Bull Award of Top Ten Securities Companies, Golden Bull Award for ESG of
                           Securities Companies, Golden Bull Award for Culture Construction of the Securities
                           Industry, Golden Bull Investment Bank Team Award, Golden Bull Wealth Management
                           Team Award

CAIJING Magazine           2023 Institutions with Most Contribution in          STAR    Market,   2023    Evergreen
                           Award — Sustainable Development Benefits Award


Financial Times            2023 Best Securities Company

Finance Asia               Country Awards for Achievement 2023
                           Best Equity Deals in China Onshore: Postal Savings Bank of China’s (PSBC) A-share
                           non-public offering
                           Best Infrastructure Deals in China Onshore: Huaxia Fund-China Resources Nest Rental
                           Housing REIT
                           Best M&A Deals in China: Aramco’s RMB24.6 billion investment into Rongsheng
                           Petrochemical


The Asset                  Asset Triple A Awards 2023
                           Best Custodian, Private Funds in China Onshore, Best in Fund Administration,
                           Mutual Funds in China Onshore, Best Custodian — Securities Company in China
                           Onshore (Highly Commended), Best Custodian, Serving Case (China)

Sina Finance               2023 China Enterprise ESG Golden Responsibility Award
                           Best Securities Company for Responsible Investment Award


National Business Daily    2023 Top 30 Listed Chinese Securities Companies in Terms of Brand Value, Golden
                           Tripod Awards for the Most Influential Custody Broker, Golden Tripod Awards for the
                           Annual Best A-Share Underwriting Team, Golden Tripod Awards for the Most Powerful
                           Broker for Assets Management

China Fund News            Yinghua Awards
                           Demonstrative Brokerage Company for 25-Year Fund Sales (Mutual Funds),
                           Demonstrative Brokerage Company for Outstanding Wealth Management, Outstanding
                           Private Custody Securities Demonstration Institution, Demonstrative Brokerage Company
                           for Outstanding Asset Management, Demonstrative Brokerage Company for Asset
                           Management in Quantification

                                                          CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   17
Company Information



Issued by                    Name of Awards

Hong Kong Ta Kung Wen        2023 Best ESG Financial Service Provider
 Wei Media Group

www.caishiv.com              Fund and Wealth Management • Jie Fu Awards
                             Outstanding Custodian, Outstanding Administrator, Outstanding Offshore Administrator,
                             Outstanding WFOE Service Institution

 CLSA Limited
Issued by                    Awards


Asiamoney                    Asiamoney Brokers Poll 2023
                             No. 1 Best Brokerages for Corporate Access in Asia (Excluding Australia & Japan)


Finance Asia                 Country Awards for Achievement 2023
                             Best IPO Asia, Best IPO SEA, Best Property Deal Asia, Best Chinese Offshore Bonds

The Asset                    Asset Triple A Awards 2023
                             Best Fund Administration Mandate Alternatives (Hong Kong)


The Hong Kong Limited        The Hong Kong Limited Partnership Fund Association Annual Awards 2023
  Partnership Fund           Best Provider of Fund Administration Services
  Association

 CITIC Securities (Shandong)
Issued by                    Awards


The Securities and Futures   Advanced Unit on Investor Protection in Qingdao for 2023
  Association of Qingdao

 GoldStone Investment
Issued by                    Award

China Securities Journal     The 7th Golden Bull Broker’s Equity Investment Annual Winner

Zero2IPO Group               2023 Top 6 Private Equity Investment Institutions in China

CVINFO                       2023 Top 10 Private Equity Investment Institutions Most Concerned by LP in China,
                             2023 Top 10 Best State-Owned Investment Institutions in China




18
 CITIC Futures
Issued by                    Award

The People’s Bank of China   Third Prize of the 2021 FinTech Development Award




                                                                                                                       Company Information
China Financial Futures      Platinum Award for Outstanding Member
 Exchange

Insurance Asset              Most Popular Futures Company for Insurance Funds, Most Popular Futures Company
  Management                 for Insurance Funds (Stock Index Options Business, Treasury Futures Business)
  Association of China

Xinhuanet                    2023 Excellent Case of Corporate ESG Rural Revitalization

Securities Times             2023 Jun Ding Award for Futures Industry in China
                             Leading Futures Company in China, Outstanding Village Revitalization Futures
                             Company in China

Futures Daily, Securities    The 16th Best Operating Futures Institution
  Times                      Futures Market Thirty-Year Hua Zhang Award in China, Best Futures Company
                             in China

 China AMC
Issued by                    Award

China Securities Journal     Golden Bull Award for Passive Investment Fund Managers, Golden Bull Award
                             20th Anniversary Special Contribution Company

Shanghai Securities News     Golden Fund • Award for Passive Investment Fund Managers

Securities Times             Award for Star Fund Companies with Three-Year Overseas Investment




                                                            CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   19
Financial Summary
Key Financial Data
Key accounting data

                                                                                                                                               In RMB million
                                                                                                                         Variance in
                                                                                                                        Comparison
                                                                                                                      with last year
 Items                                                                           2023                    2022                      (%)                   2021




                                                                                                                                                                     Financial Summary
 Total revenue and other income                                               83,725                  85,941                     -2.58                97,324
 Operating profit                                                             25,544                  28,277                     -9.67                31,004
 Profit before income tax                                                     26,185                  28,950                     -9.55                31,894
 Net profit attributable to owners of the parent                              19,721                  21,317                     -7.49                23,100
 Net cash inflow/(outflow) from
    operating activities                                                     -34,133                  55,258                       N/A                  5,518


                                                                                                                         Variance in
                                                                                                                        Comparison
                                                                    31 December               31 December             with last year          31 December
 Items                                                                           2023                    2022                      (%)                   2021


 Total assets                                                             1,453,359               1,308,603                     11.06             1,278,665
 Total liabilities                                                        1,179,160               1,050,231                     12.28             1,064,857
 Equity attributable to owners of the parent                                 268,840                 253,118                      6.21               209,171
 Total share capital                                                          14,821                  14,821                         —                12,927
                                                                                                                           Increased
                                                                                                                              by 2.03
                                                                                                                         percentage
 Gearing ratioNote                                                              76.55                   74.52                   points                  79.18

Note:	Gearing ratio = (total liabilities – customer brokerage deposits – funds payable to securities issuers)/(total assets – customer brokerage deposits – funds
       payable to securities issuers).




                                                                                      CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report                     21
Financial Summary



Key financial indicators

                                                                                                      Variance in
                                                                                                     comparison
                                                                                                               with
                                                                                                         last year
 Items                                            2023                                    2022                  (%)                                  2021


 Basic earnings per share
     (RMB yuan/share)                              1.30                                   1.42               -8.45                                    1.69
 Diluted earnings per share
     (RMB yuan/share)                              1.30                                   1.42               -8.45                                    1.69
 Return on weighted                                7.81                                   8.67        Decreased                                     12.07
     average equity (%)                                                                                   by 0.86
                                                                                                      percentage
                                                                                                              point


Net capital and relevant risk control indices of the parent company
                                                                                                              31 December                 31 December
 Items                                                                                                                    2023                       2022


 Net capital (RMB million)                                                                                            139,615                    135,852
 Net assets (RMB million)                                                                                             220,768                    211,825
 Total risk capital reserves (RMB million)                                                                              74,578                     66,776
 Risk coverage ratio (%)                                                                                                187.21                     203.44
 Capital leverage ratio (%)                                                                                              16.32                      17.74
 Liquidity coverage ratio (%)                                                                                           148.28                     130.53
 Net stable funding ratio (%)                                                                                           124.86                     129.46
 Net capital/net assets (%)                                                                                              63.24                      64.13
 Net capital/liabilities (%)                                                                                             19.95                      23.86
 Net assets/liabilities (%)                                                                                              31.55                      37.21
 Value of proprietary equity securities and
     derivatives held/net capital (%)                                                                                    51.42                      35.99
 Value of proprietary non-equity
     securities and derivatives held/net capital (%)                                                                    292.66                     269.86

Note 1:The risk control indices for every business of the parent company are in compliance with the relevant requirements of Administrative Measures for the
         Risk Control Indices of Securities Companies issued by the CSRC.

Note 2: T
        he parent company implemented the relevant provisions of the Interpretation No. 16 of the Accounting Standards for Business Enterprises
        (Cai Kuai [2022] No. 31) in 2023, therefore, the net capital and relevant risk indicators at the end of last year are restated.




22
Financial Data for the Last 5 Years
Operating results
                                                                                                 In RMB million


 Items                                     2023          2022            2021            2020              2019


 Total revenue and other income           83,725       85,941          97,324          71,869          57,080
 Operating expenses                       58,181       57,664          66,320          51,984          40,886




                                                                                                                  Financial Summary
 Share of profits and losses of
   associates and joint ventures            641           673             890             585               801
 Profit before income tax                 26,185       28,950          31,894          20,470          16,995
 Net profit attributable to owners
   of the parent                          19,721       21,317          23,100          14,902          12,229


Financial position
                                                                                                 In RMB million


                                     31 December   31 December   31 December     31 December     31 December
 Items                                      2023         2022            2021            2020              2019


 Issued share capital                     14,821        14,821         12,927          12,927          12,117
 Total equity                            274,199      258,372         213,808        185,882         165,450
 Equity attributable to owners of
   the parent                            268,840      253,118         209,171        181,712         161,625
 Total liabilities                     1,179,160     1,050,231      1,064,857        867,080         626,272
 Customer brokerage depositsNote 1       283,821      279,402         251,164        203,111         123,351
 Funds payable to
   securities issuers                        35         15,254            712           1,071               273
 Total assets                          1,453,359     1,308,603      1,278,665       1,052,962        791,722




                                                     CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report     23
Financial Summary



Key financial indicators
  Items                                                                       2023                 2022             2021                    2020                   2019


  Dividends per share (RMB yuan/share)                                    0.475                    0.49              0.54                    0.40                   0.50
  Basic earnings per share
        (RMB yuan/share)                                                       1.30                1.42              1.69                    1.10                   0.96
  Diluted earnings per share
        (RMB yuan/share)                                                       1.30                1.42              1.69                    1.10                   0.96
  Return on weighted average equity (%)                                        7.81                8.67            12.07                     8.43                   7.76
  Gearing ratio (%)Note 2                                                 76.55                   74.52            79.18                   78.10                  75.24

Notes:

(1)        Customer brokerage deposits above represent the amount received from and repayable to clients arising from the normal courses of the Group’s
           securities brokerage business. The fund is restricted and governed by the relevant third-party deposit institutions.

(2)        Gearing ratio = (total liabilities – customer brokerage deposits – funds payable to securities issuers)/(total assets – customer brokerage deposits – funds
           payable to securities issuers).




      Total revenue and other income                         Net profit attributable to                            Total asset
      In RMB100 million                                      owners of the parent                                  In RMB100 million
                                                             In RMB100 million
                            973.24                                                                                                                             14,533.59
                                                                                 231.00
                                       859.41     837.25                                  213.17                                         12,786.65 13,086.03
                                                                                                    197.21
                 718.69                                                                                                      10,529.62
      570.80                                                          149.02
                                                             122.29                                               7,917.22




       2019       2020       2021       2022       2023       2019     2020       2021     2022      2023           2019       2020        2021      2022        2023



       Equity attributable to                                Return on weighted average equity %                    Gearing ratio %
       owners of the parent
       In RMB100 million
                                                                                                                              78.10%      79.18%                76.55%
                                                  2,688.40                                                         75.24%                           74.52%
                                       2,531.18                                  12.07%
                            2,091.71
                 1,817.12                                              8.43%              8.67%
      1,616.25                                               7.76%                                   7.81%




       2019       2020       2021        2022      2023       2019      2020      2021     2022      2023            2019      2020        2021      2022        2023




24
Management Discussion and Analysis
Discussion and Analysis on the Future Development of the Company
Landscape and trend of the industry
China’s central financial work conference has planned to “optimize the financing structure, give full play to the pivotal role of
the capital market, deeply and solidly advance the registration-based initial public offering system, develop diversified equity
financing, significantly improve the quality of listed companies, and cultivate first-class investment banks and investment
institutions”, which serve as the new guidelines for the development of the capital market. The executive meeting held
by China’s State Council has pledged to take stronger, more effective measures to stabilize the market, improve market
confidence and promote the stable and healthy development of the capital market. The systematic adjustment to China’s
financial regulatory system and policies will have a direct and material impact on the future development of the securities
industry. The regulatory authorities will comprehensively strengthen the “look-through” regulation of the securities industry
and the institutions of the industry in all respects and intensify the crackdown on accounting fraud, offering fraud, market
manipulation and other acts violating laws and regulations.




                                                                                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis
Under the direction of “cultivating first-class investment banks and investment institutions”, securities companies have
accelerated their business transformation and increased investment in certain key areas, including upgrading the wealth
management model oriented to the investment consulting business, enhancing the integrated service capacity of investment
banks especially in merger and acquisition and restructuring services, optimizing the institutional business services such
as derivatives services, fixed income services and prime brokerage, and promoting international development by means of
delivering cross-border services.


The concentration of the securities industry has been further increased, primarily driven by differentiated regulation, merger
and acquisition, and restructuring. The large and comprehensive securities companies aim to become the main force to serve
the real economy and a “ballast stone” to maintain financial stability and make efforts to be better and stronger.


Development strategy of the Company
Bound to help enhance the role of capital markets and serve high-quality economic development, the Company strives to
become a domestically leading and internationally first-class Chinese investment bank most trusted by clients around the
world. The Company will steadfastly take the path of financial development with Chinese characteristics, dedicate all-out
efforts to the development of technology finance, green finance, inclusive finance, elderly care finance, and digital finance,
and support Chinese modernization by offering high-quality financial services. Further, the Company will continually plan
better for its global operations in a holistic way, develop competence to furnish comprehensive financial services that meet
the needs of global customers, and consistently enhance its international competitiveness and clout.


Business plan
In 2024, the Company will continue to provide customers with comprehensive services across the entire business chain,
ramp up support for technological innovation, advanced manufacturing, green development and small and medium-sized
enterprises, and build up the quality and effectiveness of the services to the real economy. The Company will fortify its
investment capacity and endeavour to introduce more financial products and services featuring both safety and profitability,
so as to create long-term and stable investment returns for the clients. The Company will continue to scale up the client
base, consolidate its leading position in the domestic market and further enhance its market influence and competitiveness.
The Company will continue to improve its integrated management across its global operations, optimize the overall plan for
the development of its global operations and elevate its global financial services capabilities. Its business development will
be energized by digital innovation and financial services will be refined by leveraging technological means. The Company
will reinforce the construction of its internal control system to avoid major risks for good. The Company will further improve


                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report       25
Management Discussion and Analysis



its talent development system and mechanisms and carry on improving the professional talent training and development
system. In addition, the Company will strengthen the construction of brand and corporate culture, fulfil its social
responsibilities and create greater value for society.


Capital requirement
In 2023, the Company conducted all lines of business in an orderly manner, among which, fixed income services and margin
financing and securities lending services are in demand of sufficient capital. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the
balance of the Group’s domestic and overseas short-term and long-term loans, bonds payable and short-term financing
instruments payable totaled RMB209,291 million. The Company will strengthen its unified management of domestic and
overseas funds, continue to improve its overall capital allocation efficiency and keep exploring new financing products and
financing models to ensure the satisfaction of capital needs of business development.


Possible risks of exposure
At present, the risks and challenges faced by the world economy are increased. Under the environment of high interest
rates, the U.S. and European economies are facing downward pressure, the risk of recession in major overseas developed
economic entities is increasing, and the US Federal Reserve has a high probability of cutting interest rates within 2024. With
the constant influence of geopolitical factors, local contradictions and conflicts have increased. The complexity, severity
and uncertainty of the external environment were enhanced. Domestic economy will constantly recover and grow, and
increasingly focus on high-quality development. Domestic risks are mainly concentrated in insufficient effective demand,
excess production capacity in certain industries, weak social expectations and various risks and hidden troubles. However,
from a comprehensive analysis perspective, favorable conditions outweigh adverse factors. With changes in the internal and
external environment, the growth of derivatives, bulk commodities, foreign exchange and other new businesses comes with
noteworthy market risks. Financing activities and fixed income product investments, etc. also face changing credit risks. The
Company should, in its steady operation, ensure that the risk level is detectable and controllable amid business expansion.

Business Overview
Analysis of principal businesses
The investment banking business of the Group consists of equity financing, debt financing and financial advisory services.
The Group provides fund raising and financial advisory services to a wide range of enterprises and other institutional
clients in China and globally. The wealth management business of the Group mainly includes securities and futures
brokerage business, distribution of financial products and investment consulting services. The institutional stock brokerage
business of the Group provides domestic and overseas professional institutional investors client bases with various
professional value-added services, including research marketing, transaction execution, equity financing and trading
projects recommendation for their investments and trading, in Chinese stock markets and Asia-Pacific, American and
other overseas stock markets. The financial market business of the Group mainly includes trading and market-making
of equity products, fixed income products and derivatives, foreign exchange business, margin financing and securities
lending business, alternative investment and bulk commodity business. Asset management business of the Group includes
collective asset management (“CAM”), separately managed account (“SMA”) and specialized asset management (“SAM”),
fund management and other investment accounts management. The investment business of the Group mainly comprises
alternative investment and private equity investment. The Group also provides services such as custody and research.




26
Investment banking
Equity financing
Market conditions
In 2023, the offering size of A-share (for cash and asset transactions) amounted to RMB1,134,430 million, representing a
year-on-year decrease of 32.74%; the offering size of A-share (for cash) amounted to RMB1,005,059 million, representing a
year-on-year decrease of 33.77%. Based on the shares underwritten by lead underwriters, the market share of the top ten
securities companies in A-share equity underwriting (for cash) amounted to 73.90%. The offering size of Hong Kong IPO
amounted to US$5,884 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 56.08%; the offering size of Hong Kong refinancing
market amounted to US$11,842 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.56%. Calculated based on the total
offering size distributed evenly among all book runners, the market share of the top ten investment banks in the Hong Kong
equity financing market totaled 67.90%.

In 2023, the number and offering size of A-share IPOs declined, with a total of 313 enterprises completing the IPO process,




                                                                                                                                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis
representing a year-on-year decrease of 26.87%. The offering size amounted to RMB356,539 million, representing a
year-on-year decrease of 39.26%. Refinancing issuance size also saw a decrease, with the total issuance size of refinancing
(for cash and assets) amounting to RMB777,891 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 29.26%. Among them, the
total issuance size of private placement (for cash) amounted to RMB449,581 million, representing a year-on-year decrease
of 18.58%. The total issuance size of convertible bonds amounted to RMB140,574 million, representing a year-on-year
decrease of 48.61%.

Actions and achievements
In 2023, in respect of domestic equity financing, the Company completed a total of 140 A-share lead underwriting projects
with an aggregate lead underwriting size of RMB277,913 million (for cash and asset transactions), accounting for a market
share of 24.50% and ranking first in the market. Among them, the Company completed 34 IPO projects, with a lead
underwriting size of RMB50,033 million, accounting for a market share of 14.03% and ranking first in the market; 106
refinancing projects with an aggregate lead underwriting size of RMB227,880 million, accounting for a market share of
29.29% and ranking first in the market. Among the refinancing projects, 68 were private placement (for cash) projects with a
lead underwriting size of RMB127,755 million, accounting for a market share of 28.42% and ranking first in the market.


                                                                                              2023                                        2022
                                                                                         Lead                                        Lead
                                                                             Underwriting             Number of           Underwriting             Number of
                                                                                          size         Issuances                      size         Issuances
 Items                                                                      (RMB million)                                 (RMB million)


 IPOs                                                                                  50,033                     34            149,832                      58
 Refinancing issuances                                                               227,880                    106             226,485                     108


 Total                                                                               277,913                    140             376,317                     166

Source:    Wind Info and the Company’s internal statistics

Note 1:	
        When compiling the above table, the date of completion of an IPO, a public equity issuance, an issuance of convertible bonds/exchangeable bonds,
        a private placement, a rights issue and an issuance of preference shares is the listing date

Note 2:    In the event that the amount attributable to respective underwriter is not specified, the underwriting size of a joint-lead underwriting project is
            calculated by dividing the total project size with the number of lead underwriters; in the event that the amount attributable to respective underwriter
            is specified, the underwriting size of a joint-lead underwriting project is calculated on a case-by-case basis




                                                                                      CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report                      27
Management Discussion and Analysis



In 2023, in respect of overseas equity financing, the Company completed a total of 32 overseas equity projects with an
underwriting size of US$1,782 million in aggregate calculated on the basis of the total offering size of projects distributed
evenly among all bookrunner roles. Among them, 12 were IPO projects in the Hong Kong market with an underwriting size
of US$153 million, 6 were refinancing projects with an underwriting size of US$736 million, ranking second among the
Chinese securities companies in respect of equity financing business in the Hong Kong market, and 7 were GDR projects in
the European market with an underwriting size of US$445 million, ranking second among the Chinese securities companies.
The Company completed 7 equity financing projects in the Southeast Asian market and other overseas markets, with an
underwriting size of US$447 million.


Outlook for 2024
The Company will continue to capitalize on the opportunities presented by the capital market reform and development,
comprehensively develop diversified equity financing and serve to deepen and implement the registration system reform.
The Company will continuously increase its efforts in the effective development and services to domestic and overseas
clients and markets in alignment with national strategies and client needs, step up efforts in industry research and client
market analysis, develop its business forward-looking layout, and provide clients with professional service solutions. The
Company will persist in its international development efforts, deepen the centralized management for domestic and overseas
businesses, expand its international customer base, strengthen its business expansion in equity financing in Hong Kong,
GDR, and equity financing in the Southeast Asia and other overseas markets, to constantly enhance its competitiveness in
the international market. The Company will provide clients with high-quality investment banking services by leveraging its
integrated service and platform strength.


Debt financing
Market conditions
In 2023, the yield rate of the domestic bond market presented a downward volatility trend, and credit spreads were
compressed to a low level; the issuance size of domestic bonds increased year-on-year, with the aggregate issuance size of
bonds amounting to RMB71.04 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.45%. In terms of interest rate securities,
the issuance size of treasury bonds amounted to RMB11.10 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 14.18%, and
the issuance size of local government bonds amounted to RMB9.33 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of 26.78%.
In terms of credit bonds, the aggregate issuance size amounted to RMB18.98 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase
of 5.07%, among which the issuance size of financial bonds and corporate bonds increased, while the issuance size of
asset-backed securitization declined. In the overseas market, as the Federal Reserve of the United States raised interest
rates and further tightened the monetary policy, the yield rate of U.S. bond fluctuated at a high level, and the issuance size
of offshore bonds issued by Chinese enterprises declined. In 2023, the aggregate issuance size of offshore bonds issued by
Chinese enterprises amounted to US$68,199 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 25.10%.




28
Actions and achievements
The Company maintained its leadership in the debt financing business and underwrote a total of 4,200 bonds in 2023, ranking
first among securities companies. The total underwriting size amounted to RMB1,909,992 million, representing a year-on-year
increase of 21.01%. The Company contributed 6.85% of the total underwriting size of the market, ranking first in the market,
and 14.14% of the total underwriting size of securities companies, ranking first among securities companies.


                                                                         2023                             2022
                                                                     Lead                             Lead
                                                            Underwriting        Number of     Underwriting       Number of
                                                                      size      Issuances              size      Issuances
 Items                                                     (RMB million)                      (RMB million)




                                                                                                                                Management Discussion and Analysis
 Enterprise bonds                                                  27,166               31          39,033                45
 Corporate bonds                                                  405,828              938         354,186               722
 Financial bonds                                                  463,254              324         390,774               247
 Medium-term notes                                                119,578              244          83,123               140
 Short-term commercial papers                                      27,706               67          18,785                50
 Private placement notes                                           12,264               40          10,092                33
 Asset-backed securities                                          210,564              835         229,811               836
 Convertible bonds/exchangeable bonds                              28,346               24          53,974                26
 Local government bonds                                           615,286            1,697         398,802              1,456


                                                                1,909,992            4,200       1,578,581              3,555

Source: Wind Info and the Company’s internal statistics



In respect of offshore bonds issued by Chinese enterprises, the Company completed a total of 134 bond issuances with a
total underwriting amount of US$2,418 million, accounting for a market share of 3.55% and ranking first among the Chinese
securities companies. In addition, the Company also provided customers with structured and leveraged financing, risk
solutions, cross-border liquidity management and other diversified services.


Outlook for 2024
The Company will continue to provide professional comprehensive debt financing services, strengthen the development
of strategic clients such as central SOEs and financial institutions as well as clients in strategic emerging industries, and
actively develop overseas clients in line with the national Belt and Road Initiative. The Company will continuously promote
innovative debt financing business, increase investment in science and technology innovation bonds, green bonds and rural
revitalization bonds, collaborate to build a complete business ecology from Pre-REITs to publicly-offered REITs, and serve
the construction of multi-level REITs market. The Company will seize the opportunity of opening up the bond market, give
full play to the full-product service advantages of domestic and overseas debt financing, continue to explore the businesses
opportunities such as Panda Bonds, and vigorously expand businesses like offshore bonds issued by Chinese enterprises,
and U.S. dollar-denominated bonds in Southeast Asia and other overseas markets, so as to improve the competitiveness of
its overseas bond business.




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report      29
Management Discussion and Analysis



Financial advisory services
Market conditions
According to Dealogic, in 2023, the total amount of global merger and acquisition transactions announced reached
US$3.16 trillion and the number of transactions amounted to 36,700. On a sector basis, the electronics and
computer sector was the most active, with the size of merger and acquisition transactions announced amounting to
US$548,559 million, accounting for 17.35% of the size of merger and acquisition transactions announced; the medical
and healthcare sector followed with the size of merger and acquisition transactions announced amounting to US$440,845
million, accounting for 13.95% of the total amount of merger and acquisition transactions announced. 3,132 merger and
acquisition transactions involved Chinese enterprises were announced in 2023, with a transaction size of US$342,455
million, of which 435 were cross-border transactions, with a transaction size of US$81,332 million.


Actions and achievements
In 2023, the Company completed many transactions dealing with material assets restructuring of the China-based companies
listed on the A-share market; the transaction size amounted to RMB118,070 million, ranking first in the market. The Company
completed a number of influential merger and acquisition and restructuring transactions in the market, including the material
asset restructuring of Yangtze Power and the material asset restructuring of CECEP Equipment. The size of global merger
and acquisition transactions involving Chinese enterprises completed by the Company amounted to US$51,795 million,
ranking second among the Chinese securities companies. The Company continued to strengthen its global merger and
acquisition business expansion, for instance, assisting Rongsheng Petrochemical in reaching strategic cooperation with Saudi
Aramco, a new overseas investor, and assisting the acquisition of a listed company engaging in cement manufacturer in
Oman by Huaxin Cement, thereby serving the overseas merger and acquisition of excellent Chinese enterprises.


Outlook for 2024
The Company will continuously strengthen the construction of merger and acquisition expertise, conduct industry and
market research and analysis, initiate merger and acquisition transactions, and consolidate and enhance the market-leading
advantages. The Company will actively seize merger and acquisition transaction opportunities such as merger and
acquisition and restructuring of central SOEs and SOEs, private equity transactions, control acquisition and risk mitigation,
enrich and innovate merger and acquisition professional services, promote the role of merger and acquisition and
restructuring in optimizing resource allocation, and help improve the quality of enterprise development. The Company will
continuously improve the global network layout, strengthen the business development of outbound merger and acquisition
of Chinese enterprises, inbound merger and acquisition of foreign enterprises, and industrial merger and acquisition and
privatization of overseas-listed companies, and strengthen the merger and acquisition service capabilities in the international
market, so as to increase its competitiveness in global merger and acquisition business.




30
The business of New OTC Market
Market conditions
The intensified reform in BSE propelled the ongoing positive evolution of the New OTC Market. In 2023, another 326
enterprises were listed on the New OTC Market, representing a surge of 23.48% year-on-year. Among them, more than
30% enterprises were national-level specialized and sophisticated “little giant”. The private issuance size of enterprises
listed on the New OTC Market reached RMB17,120 million. Among them, 77 enterprises recorded a financing size of
RMB50 million or more, accounting for 15.84% of the above listed enterprises with private issuance.

Actions and achievements
The Company continued to operate the business of New OTC Market on the basis of expanding the customer coverage,
and increased the coverage of innovative SMEs by seizing the historical opportunity resulting from the deepened reform
of the multi-level capital market. In 2023, the Company, as the chief agency broker of the New OTC Market, completed
the listing of seven companies and assisted listed companies in raising RMB561 million through private placement. It




                                                                                                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis
continuously supervised a total of 24 listed companies, of which 13 companies have entered the innovation layer.

Outlook for 2024
The Company will further enhance its business layout in the domains of new technologies, new industries, and new business
models. It will delve deeper to identify high-quality clients with a focus on specialization, refinement, distinctiveness, and
originality, and endeavor to provide superior investment banking services to innovative SMEs, and help improve the capital
market’s ability to serve early-stage and growth-stage enterprises.

Wealth management
Market conditions
In 2023, the SSE Composite Index decreased by 3.70%, the SME Composite Index decreased by 8.47%, and the ChiNext
Composite Index decreased by 5.41%. The average daily trading volume of equity funds in the domestic securities market
was RMB991.7 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 3.10%. The Hong Kong Hang Seng Index decreased
by 13.82%, the Hang Seng China Enterprises Index decreased by 13.97%, and the Hang Seng TECH Index decreased
by 8.83%. The average daily trading volume in the Hong Kong securities market was HK$105.0 billion, representing a
year-on-year decrease of 15.93%.

Actions and achievements
In 2023, the Company focused on refined customer operation in respect of domestic wealth management, optimized
the organizational structure, and strengthened the headquarters’ role in empowering branches and leading business
development. The Company built a team of experts from diverse backgrounds, innovated the wealth management service
model, and provided comprehensive financial solutions covering the entire life cycle of “People-Family-Enterprise-Society”
for customers. With the goal of improving ease of use and satisfaction, the “Xin E Tou” APP version 5.0 was launched to
upgrade user investment experience. As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company had 14.2 million clients on a
cumulative basis, and its total assets of clients under custody remained at a RMB10 trillion level, representing a year-on-year
increase of 4%; the scale of non-monetary market public funds remained at RMB190.2 billion, ranking first in the industry.

The Company accelerated its global layout of overseas wealth management business, established the CITIC Securities
Entrepreneur Office (Hong Kong) service brand, officially launched a wealth management platform in Singapore, which has
expanded the scope and content of international services, thereby better providing global asset allocation and transaction
services for domestic and foreign clients. The Company strengthened its services to high-net-worth clients and accelerated
the further transformation of wealth management business through the service model of “Account Manager + Investment
Consultant”. In 2023, the sales revenue from wealth management products doubled year-on-year, as a result of the increase
in overseas high-net-worth clients.


                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report      31
Management Discussion and Analysis



Outlook for 2024
The Company will continue to rely on the huge development potential of the wealth management market, adhere to the
development direction and path of wealth management, focus on accelerating the building up of buyer service capabilities,
promote the all-employee investment advisory development strategy, provide customers with comprehensive financial
solutions, better meet residents’ wealth management needs, and facilitate the achievement of common prosperity, and
will finely serve the wealth management needs of key institutional client base which includes listed companies, SOEs and
government platforms, financial peers, and professional investment institutions to better fulfill the function of the capital
market and help the high-quality development of the real economy. The Company will further improve the global wealth
management product and service system, expand the overseas territory of wealth management, and gradually enhance the
competitiveness in the global wealth management market. Moreover, the Company will upgrade the wealth management
platform, use digital means, and innovate the model of developing wealth management business, so as to optimize the
customer service experience and discover the needs of customers, accompany them during the service journey and lead
them with the professional value.


Institutional stock brokerage business
Market conditions (refer to the section titled “Wealth management”)
Actions and achievements
The domestic institutional stock brokerage business of the Company mainly covers services for domestic and foreign
professional institutional investors such as public funds, insurance companies, private funds, wealth management
subsidiaries of banks, QFIs, WFOEs, etc. The Company continued to maintain its overall leading position in the domestic
institutional brokerage business in traditional client business. In particular, the ranking of public fund sub-positions
commission income in the first half of 2023 continued to be the first in the market; the number of QFI clients increased
to 293 in 2023, ranking first in the market; the key private fund account opening rate amounted to 63%. The Company
explored the linkage between the primary and secondary markets and deepened multi-dimensional cooperation with equity
investment institutions, financial peers and other wealth management institutions in the market.


The offshore institutional stock brokerage business of the Company continued to maintain its leading market share in the
Asia Pacific region. The Company further expanded its global presence, coordinated the differences between domestic and
overseas business models, and built an integrated global institutional stock brokerage business platform. The Company
expanded from cash services to asset services, transformed from single business-driven model to a multi-business
collaborative model, to provide differentiated and specialized integrated financial services for global clients.


Outlook for 2024
Relying on domestic and overseas business advantages and customer resources, the Company will continuously promote
the integration and expansion of the stock brokerage business for global institutions. The domestic and overseas institutional
stock brokerage business will continue to deepen the operation of existing client base, optimize the business synergy within
the Group, establish an integrated global stock institutional brokerage business platform, enhance the level of service to its
traditional client base, including public, private and foreign institutional clients, while actively expanding its market presence
in new fields and new business models, promoting business innovation with a global perspective, and providing support for
the trading needs of various types of investors.




32
Financial markets
Market conditions
In 2023, the CSI 300 Index decreased by 11.38% and the CSI 500 Index decreased by 7.42%. Large-cap and growth-style
stocks underperformed, while low-valuation and high-dividend stocks remained stable, with a significant growth in the
artificial intelligence stocks. The communication, media and computer sectors led the way of growth in the overall market,
and the sectors in which large central enterprises and state-owned enterprises with low valuations concentrated, such as
coal, petroleum and petrochemicals, also showed a moderate upward trend in general, while the real estate-related industry
chain sectors declined mostly. In the major overseas markets, the S&P 500 index, Nasdaq index, the European STOXX 50
Index and the Nikkei 225 Index increased by 24.23%, 43.42%, 19.19% and 28.24%, respectively, while the Hang Seng
Index and the Hang Seng TECH Index decreased by 13.82% and 8.83%, respectively. China’s bond market fluctuated and
increased during the year with solid returns, with the China Bond New Composite Index rising by 4.75%. Interest rates for
key medium-and long-term maturities of treasury bonds fluctuated and declined to historical low point.




                                                                                                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis
Actions and achievements
Equity derivatives business is continuously deepening its product innovation, improving its business layout and expanding its
application scenarios, and generally maintained a broad customer base, rich product supply, outstanding trading capabilities
and stable income. Counter products are also being developed to further enrich the coverage of underlying assets and
structural types. In addition, the market-making business is consistently ranking among the top in the market, making the
Company one of the first to launch market-making trading of stocks on the STAR Market, providing high-quality liquidity
to the market. Moreover, overseas equity derivatives business transactions cover international mainstream markets, and
provide clients with one-stop investment trading services in global markets across time zones.


In terms of fixed income business, the Company gave full play to the advantages of customer resources, actively broadened
domestic and overseas layout, expanded customer coverage and service network, and built a business platform that
closely connected customers and the market. The fixed income business continued to enrich the profit model, improved
the comprehensive ability in product design and transaction service, and provided customers with comprehensive financial
services. The Company maintained its number one position in the industry in terms of sales scale of interest rate products
for consecutive years.


In terms of equity proprietary trading business, the Company insisted on focusing on the fundamentals of listed companies,
focused on reducing portfolio volatility and enhancing the ability to resist the impact of external macro factors, and
expanded various non-directional investment layouts, achieving phased results in model transformation, and basically
establishing a diversified business framework.

Margin financing and securities lending business, centered on the business philosophy of focusing on customers’ needs,
strengthened the coverage of core customer groups and enriched business scenarios, and maintained a leading market
share, and continued to enhance the efficiency of strategy development and trading service provision based on product
and service capabilities; the stock pledge business adhered to the business objective of serving the real economy, and the
quality of credit assets continued to be optimized, with the growth rate of the scale leading in the market; and the overseas
business, with its increasingly enriched product systems and business modes, further enhanced the business management
capability while achieving growth in the business scale.

The alternative investment business uses new technologies such as artificial intelligence to continuously iterate existing
strategies, accelerate the development of new strategies, enrich the variety of strategies, diversify portfolio downside risks
and actively and effectively adjusted its strategic allocation according to the characteristics of market styles to continuously
improve the efficiency of capital utilization.


                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report      33
Management Discussion and Analysis



The commodities business continuously provided good risk management for industrial customers and asset allocation
services for financial institutions. With risk management, product innovation, system support and comprehensive financial
services as its core competitiveness, it further improved its quality and efficiency in serving the real economy, aiming
at being a major service provider for comprehensive solutions to the price risk of commodities for domestic industrial
customers, the first-class trader and market maker in domestic and foreign commodity derivatives markets, further
strengthening the breadth of customer market coverage and depth of customer service, and maintaining its leading position
in the industry.

Outlook for 2024
The equity derivatives business will stick to a customer-oriented principle and create value for customers, further establish
specialized platform features in improving product supply and enriching the integrated service ecology, etc. It will continuously
improve trading and risk control capabilities, promote digital operation, focus on specialized features, build an international
integrated business platform, and provide customers with a global multi-market and all-day one-stop investment and trading
experience and integrated financial services. In terms of cross-border derivatives business, the Company will benchmark the
derivatives business of world-class investment banks, improve the ability in product design and trading service, enrich product
lines, consolidate the advantage of “Chinese assets”, and strengthen international and regional layout, so as to become a stock
derivatives provider with strong international competitiveness in the Asia-Pacific region in the medium-and long-term.

The fixed income business will make further efforts in the exploration of the customer market, grasp emerging business
opportunities, enrich the product system, and provide diversified and targeted comprehensive financial service solutions centered
on customer needs. We will continue to develop cross-border business, unceasingly explore domestic and foreign customer
resources, boost the development of business innovation, and promote the joint development of domestic and overseas
business.

The equity proprietary trading business will optimize its investment research system, strengthen the integration of macro, meso
and micro research, develop a multi-strategy business platform, strengthen the basic system platform and investment capacity,
improve business stability and return certainty, and enhance its capital utilization capability.

Margin financing and securities lending and stock pledge businesses will continue to comprehensively enhance the business
management capabilities, strengthen the compliance and risk management capabilities, continue to optimize the layout of
domestic and overseas business, reinforce the differentiation management of customer bases and the construction of regional
business centres, continue to enrich the types of products and strategies, optimize customer marketing, service, pricing and
risk management models, cultivate the ability to manage international assets and serve international customers, and continue to
provide domestic and foreign investors with comprehensive financial services of all categories, links and processes.




34
The alternative investment business will focus on continuous research and development in terms of data, factors and models to
develop new strategies for both domestic and overseas markets. It will increase investment and research in the non-factor part of
the business, and improve the profitability of the strategies in terms of factor combinations and multi-cycle optimization.


In terms of customer market, the commodities business will strengthen regional synergy, subdivide industry coverage, and
optimize customer structure; in terms of product provision, we will continue to enrich the application scenarios of commodity
derivatives, provides precious metal trading services for the whole industry chain, increase the supply of anti-inflation products
and strategies, and provide high-quality risk hedging and investment allocation tools for customers around the world.


Asset Management
Market conditions
In 2023, the asset management industry grew modestly in scale and made steady progress around the direction of




                                                                                                                                                       Management Discussion and Analysis
high-quality development, with each sub-sector showing differentiated development characteristics. In the future, asset
management organisations should continue to enhance their core competitiveness around investment management, risk
management, customer service, product layout, etc., so as to promote the transformation and development of the real
economy and protect and escort the value of people’s property.


Asset management business of the Company and CITIC Securities AM
Actions and achievements
In 2023, CITIC Securities AM officially commenced operation, marking a smooth transition of the Company’s asset
management business to CITIC Securities AM for diversified licensed operations. On the domestic business front, the
Company received an A grade for corporate fundamentals in the evaluation conducted by the National Council for
Social Security Fund. It promoted the transformation towards active management and the construction of specialization,
systematization and refinement, further optimized its banking business structure, and strengthened the development of
corporate client bases, resulting in an increase in both the number and scale of corporate clients. The overseas asset
under management (“AUM”) witnessed steady growth, with the successful issuance of two public funds and the launch of
Cross-boundary WMC products.


As of the end of the Reporting Period, the total AUM of the Company amounted to RMB1,388,461 million, including
CAM, SMA and SAM, with a size of RMB297,704 million, RMB841,715 million and RMB249,042 million respectively. The
market share of the Company’s privately-offered asset management business (excluding pension business, publicly-offered
collective investment schemes and asset-backed securitization products) was 13.71%, ranking first in the industry.


                                                                            AUM                          Income from Management Fee
                                                                      (RMB million)                                 (RMB million)
 Category                                                              2023                   2022                   2023                   2022


 CAM                                                               297,704                503,307                   1,049                  1,507
 SMA                                                               841,715                914,485                     994                  1,366
 SAM                                                               249,042                275,271                       50                     73


 Total                                                           1,388,461              1,693,063                   2,093                  2,946

Source: Statistics from the Company

Note:	
      The AUM includes both the Company and CITIC Securities AM. The CAM includes collective investment schemes, excluding pension products; the SMA
      includes pension business; and the SAM includes asset-backed securitization products.



                                                                               CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report              35
Management Discussion and Analysis



Outlook for 2024
The Company will adhere to a professional, systematic, and refined investment research management philosophy for its
asset management business and steadily advance the construction of investment research capabilities, so as to form
a portfolio management model that matches the attributes of funds and enhance investors’ experience. The Company
will continue to improve its capabilities in asset discovery, risk pricing, and customer service. CITIC Securities AM will
actively promote the application for public offering licenses, continue to optimize the structure of domestic business, build
competitive advantages in asset management with investment banking characteristics, and provide comprehensive services
with all scenarios and diversification around customer needs. The Company will expand the scale of cross-border business
and enrich the spectrum of product strategies.


China AMC
Actions and achievements
In 2023, China AMC maintained industry leadership in the number of products established, with medium-term results in its
equity funds ranking the top in the industry. The performance of its social security investments was outstanding, and its
ETF scale and incremental growth maintained industry leadership. The scale of its monetary funds achieved rapid growth.
It actively promoted the three pillars of pension business, led the development of consumer REITs business, officially
obtained the license for equity investment subsidiary, and efficiently empowered business development with several
leading technological applications. Continuously strengthening team building, China AMC further increased its assets under
management. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the total AUM of China AMC reached RMB1,823,564 million, of which,
the AUM of public funds reached RMB1,317,644 million and the AUM of institutional and international businesses reached
RMB505,920 million.


Outlook for 2024
China AMC will continue to uphold the principle of high-quality development. It will persistently improve its product portfolio
while reinforcing its core investment research and asset allocation capabilities to consolidate the advantage of its traditional
business. Additionally, China AMC will lead the development of innovation business, and expand the scale and scope of its
institutional and international business. It will also promote the Company’s digital transformation and strengthen the human
resources system, thereby maintaining its comprehensive competitiveness in the industry.


Custody
Market conditions
In 2023, due to the market performance, the growth of public fund size slowed down and the asset size of public funds
reached RMB27.60 trillion at the end of the year. The reform of the public fund rate was conducted orderly, the reform in the
investment side continued to advance, and the structural reform of supply side achieved preliminary success. Regulations
on the Supervision and Administration of Private Investment Funds (《私募投資基金監督管理條例》) was officially issued
and came into force, under which. the efforts to supervision were continuously strengthened, the admittance threshold of
the industry continued to raise, the growth of filing private funds slowed down, and the asset size of private funds reached
RMB20.58 trillion at the end of the year.




36
Actions and achievements
In 2023, the Company continued to enhance its customer service network, focused on improving its capabilities to address
customer demand and research and develop new services, and took the lead in the industry by introducing a range of
innovative service solutions: CITICS Investment Services Company Limited (中信中證投資服務有限責任公司), a subsidiary
of the Company, was the first batch to register through a private investment fund electronic contract service agency; the
Company pioneered a new generation of real-time transfer agency (RTA) service in the industry. The Company successively
launched a suite of services such as artificial intelligence filling, asset pricing, private fund auditing, automated settlement
of funds and the Argos fund investment research platform, among others. The Company also provided the first Hong Kong
Limited Partnership Fund (LPF) in the offshore fund service and launched a foreign currency funds clearing system platform.
The Company continued to facilitate cross-business synergies and regional collaboration mechanisms to ensure that
customer demands for services across markets, channels and product lines were met.




                                                                                                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis
As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company’s asset custody and fund outsourcing business experienced steady
growth. The Company provided asset custody services for 15,014 products and fund outsourcing services for 16,983 products.


Outlook for 2024
The Company will enhance the convenience and universality of services for investors, enrich the service categories for
professional investment institutions, consolidate and increase the market share of private securities fund, public fund and
offshore fund services, actively seek other qualifications for custody business, and participate in the construction of the
Company’s digital integrated institutional customer service ecosystem to contribute to the high-quality development of the
financial services industry.


Equity investment
Market conditions
In 2023, China’s equity investment market as a whole continued its downward trend. According to Zero2IPO Research’s
data, in terms of fundraising, the number of new funds raised in China’s equity investment market in 2023 was 6,980,
representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.1%; the total amount was RMB1,824.471 billion, representing a year-on-year
decrease of 15.5%. In terms of investment, the number of investments in China’s equity investment market in 2023
was 9,388, representing a year-on-year decrease of 11.8%; the disclosed investment amount was RMB692.826 billion,
representing a year-on-year decrease of 23.7%. Among the investments, state-owned investment institutions remained
highly active, guiding market capital injection into semiconductor, new energy, automotive and other fields. In terms of
exits, the number of exits in China’s equity investment market in 2023 was 3,946 in total, representing a year-on-year
decrease of 9.6%. The number of IPO of invested enterprises’ A Shares exits in 2023 was 1,348 in aggregate, representing
a year-on-year decrease of 38.3%, against the backdrop of a periodic slowdown in new share issuance in Shanghai
and Shenzhen.


CITIC Securities Investment
Actions and achievements
CITIC Securities Investment actively supported the national strategic needs, carried out a systematic layout around strategic
emerging industries, deeply explored high-quality enterprises in fields such as new industrialization, transformation and
upgrading of the manufacturing industry, independent innovation and cutting-edge technology, focused on enterprises with
great growth potential and leading product technology advantages, empowered invested enterprises through synergies, and
steadily deployed its investment resources in fields such as advanced intelligent manufacturing, new energy, information
technology, new materials and biotechnology.



                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report      37
Management Discussion and Analysis



Outlook for 2024
CITIC Securities Investment will continue to enhance its research transformation capabilities, implement the ESG
investment concepts, continue to be guided by the national strategic needs, endeavour to serve the real economy and
scientific and technological innovation, further increase the certainty of investment, and steadily deploy high-level scientific
and technological self-reliance and advanced manufacturing industries, so as to inject more vitality into the high-quality
development of the economy and society.


GoldStone Investment
Actions and achievements
As a platform for the Company to raise and manage private equity investment funds, GoldStone Investment continued
to give play to its own advantages in fundraising, and completed the filing of new funds of RMB16.790 billion in 2023.
GoldStone Investment, as a fund manager, supported the layout of emerging industries in line with the national strategies by
way of equity investment, continued to invest in technology innovation enterprises that served the real economy, undertook
the construction of major national projects, broke through the “stranglehold” key technologies, ensured the stability of
industrial chain supply, and implemented the carbon peaking and carbon neutrality strategies. It had invested in a number
of enterprises with core competitiveness in fields such as new materials, new energy, new generation of information
technology, high-end manufacturing, healthcare and modern services to support the national science and technology
innovation strategies by way of equity investment.


From the establishment of the first REITs fund in China in 2014 to the end of the Reporting Period, CITIC GoldStone Fund,
a wholly-owned subsidiary of GoldStone Investment, has cumulatively established property private funds of approximately
RMB34.982 billion, ranking the forefront among the property funds with the cumulative management scale in China.


Outlook for 2024
GoldStone Investment adopts the method of “top-down, research first” to explore investment targets, and will continue to
focus on enterprises with forward-looking technology and high-tech barriers in national strategic emerging industries, and
continuously empower enterprises in post-investment management to enhance the industrial value.


Research
In 2023, the research business achieved the integration of domestic and foreign teams, gave full play to the value of
research, continued to expand the coverage of global listed companies and enterprises, actively served the Company’s
domestic and foreign customers, comprehensively and systematically supported the Company’s various businesses,
and created a multi-dimensional brand influence. Research is conducted both domestically and internationally to achieve
bi-directional product conversion and service provision. Throughout the year, our domestic team covered 2,400 listed
companies and 1,000 unlisted enterprises, while our foreign team covered 1,300 listed companies. We actively explore
new models of research business and launch comprehensive research services such as industrial research and ESG
consulting for corporate clients. Throughout the year, there were over 3,000 new service agency clients both domestically
and internationally, covering a total of 15,000 institutional clients. Throughout the year, 88 on-site conferences were held
domestically, covering 24 provinces and municipalities, providing strong support for regional customer development, and
4 large-scale forums were held overseas. The number of citations in the mainstream media and reading volumes on various
platforms of research viewpoints has continued to increase, while market influence, industrial influence, and social influence
have continued to increase. The Company undertakes various major projects and provides important intellectual support to
government authorities.




38
In 2024, the research business will further expand its research influence, improve the level of global integration
research, and consolidate its leading advantages. The research business will further expand the research coverage of
listed companies and the service coverage of institutional clients, and continue to increase market share, establish a
global-oriented research and service system to provide comprehensive global research services to domestic and foreign
clients, strengthen its research support for the Company’s various businesses, and continue to provide high-quality
intellectual support to government authorities.


Core Competitiveness Analysis
In the course of more than 20 years of development, adhering to the development principle of Seven Commitments and
backed by powerful shareholder background, the Company has developed and achieved a sound corporate governance
structure, prospective strategic layout and complete business system, solid capital strength and industry-leading
operating results, profound customer resources, excellent corporate culture system, all of which contribute to the core




                                                                                                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis
competitiveness of the Company.


Adhering to the development principle of “Seven Commitments”
The Company has summarized and formed the basic principle of “Seven Commitments” followed by business management:
We adhere to the commitment to the party’s leadership that provides sound political protection for corporate development;
the commitment to the business objective of following the national strategy and serving the real economy; the commitment
to the client-oriented business approach which allows us to achieve mutual development with clients; the commitment
to operating philosophy of compliance operations and stringent risk management; the commitment to innovation and
entrepreneurship with a persistent ambition; the commitment to the talent and enterprise nurture strategy which is under
people-focused and market-oriented management; and the commitment to uphold and promote the excellent corporate
culture and tradition of the Company.


Powerful shareholder background and sound corporate governance structure
Founded on integrating the securities business under CITIC Group, the Company has grown from a small and medium-sized
securities company into a large integrated securities group with the full support from CITIC Group. Listed on SSE in 2003 and
on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in 2011, the Company is China’s first listed securities company in terms of A+H share IPO,
and its largest Shareholder is CITIC Financial Holdings. The Company has formed a sound corporate governance structure
centering on the general meeting, the Board, the Supervisory Committee and the Operation Management, which ensures the
Company’s sustained healthy development under the long-term market-based operation mechanism.


Prospective strategic layout and comprehensive financial services capabilities
The Company has been exploring and putting into practice new business models. It took the lead in the industry in
proposing and practicing the flow-based business, drives wealth management transformation and engages in innovative
business such as direct investment and block trading; by acquisition and continuous cultivation, it has established its leading
strength in fund, futures, commodity and other business; it has expanded investment in business such as fixed income,
margin financing and securities lending, equity derivatives and alternative investment and established the financial market
business system. The Company has obtained qualifications for multiple businesses permitted by domestic and foreign
regulatory authorities, forming a full-product, full-market and full-business coverage landscape, with basic financial functions
in investment, financing, trading and custody gradually improved.




                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report      39
Management Discussion and Analysis



Solid capital strength and industry-leading operating results
The Company has boasted prominent scale advantage in net capital, net assets and total assets. It is the first securities
company in China with total assets exceeding one trillion yuan and has ranked first in the industry in terms of operating
income and net profit for many consecutive years. With sustained leading position in the market in respect of investment
banking, wealth management, asset management, financial market and other businesses over the years, it has achieved
wide reputation and brand strength in domestic market. Over the years, the Company has won many awards granted by
Asiamoney, Financial Times, Forbes, SSE, SZSE and other domestic and overseas institutions.


Profound customer resources and extensive network layout
The Company has kept developing as driven by the philosophy of being client-centric and growing together with clients.
Based on serving the real economy, the Company has accumulated a large number of trustworthy strategic customers by
carrying out in-depth cooperation around customers’ comprehensive financial needs; it implemented the requirements of
the innovation-driven development strategy, helped to grow bigger and stronger through the capital market, and served
a large number of new economy and innovative enterprise customers; it practiced inclusive finance, assisted to common
prosperity and allowed a wide range of investors to share the benefits from China’s economic development. At present,
the Company has more than 14 million retail clients and 100,000 corporate and institutional clients engaging in key fields
of national economy, achieving in-depth coverage of major central SOEs, resident enterprises, important local SOEs and
influential listed companies. The Company has set up more than 400 branches and 12 regional branches of investment
banking in the territory, which are widely distributed in various provinces and cities, and continues to enhance its regional
client service capability.


Competitive cross-border integrated customer service network
The Company has offices in 13 countries around the world, covering major markets that accounted for over 95% of total
market value of stock and serving more than 2,000 largest institutional investors of the world. It is the Chinese-funded
securities company leading peers in the number of local branches, research coverage, sales network and liquidation and
settlement infrastructure in areas along the Belt and Road Initiative and also an investment bank best fitting the Belt and
Road Initiative in the world. With its unique industrial position and accumulated strength, it serves Chinese clients to go
out and introduce overseas clients to domestic market, providing the best quality and most effective services and advice
to enterprises.


Sound market-based mechanism and excellent talent
The Company has continuously improved the market-based mechanism, explored the use of medium and long-term
incentive policies, improved the incentive and guarantee mechanism for talent, and thoroughly implemented strategy of
strengthening the enterprise with talents. The Company has implemented an open talent policy, cultivated a competitive
reserve of young talents, increased the international talents reserve, strengthened professional training and systematic
training by business and level, and created a batch of international talents with international vision, proficiency in international
operations and creative thinking.




40
Excellent corporate culture system
Based on the corporate culture of CITIC Group and guided by the practice of the culture of the securities industry, the
Company has adhered to the mission of “supporting improvement in the function of capital markets and serving the
high-quality development of the economy”, endeavoured to achieve the vision of “becoming a domestically leading and
internationally first-class Chinese investment bank most trusted by clients around the world”, and practiced the core
values of “integrity, innovation, excellence, and sharing”. The Company has gradually developed the characters of “seeking
excellence and striving to make innovations; respecting market and facing up to problems; staying humble and working
hard; being diligent and advocating conciseness”, and widely solidified the consensus of employees. These excellent
corporate cultures are the valuable spiritual assets that enable us to stand out in the fierce competition and maintain our
advantages for many years.


Financial Statements Analysis




                                                                                                                              Management Discussion and Analysis
Financial statement summary
Profitability analysis
In 2023, the Group recognized total revenue and other income of RMB83,725 million, representing a year-on-year decrease
of 2.58%. Net profit attributable to owners of the parent amounted to RMB19,721 million, representing a year-on-year
decrease of 7.49%. Basic earnings per share amounted to RMB1.30, representing a year-on-year decrease of 8.45%.
Return on weighted average equity was 7.81%, representing a year-on-year decrease of 0.86 percentage point.


Asset structure and assets quality
As of 31 December 2023, the Group’s total assets amounted to RMB1,453,359 million, representing a year-on-year
increase of RMB144,756 million or 11.06% than that as at the end of last year. Excluding customer brokerage deposits
and funds payable to securities issuers, the Group’s total assets amounted to RMB1,169,503 million, representing a
year-on-year increase of RMB155,556 million or 15.34% than that as at the end of last year. As of 31 December 2023, the
Group’s total liabilities amounted to RMB1,179,160 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB128,929 million or
12.28% than that as at the end of last year. Excluding customer brokerage deposits and funds payable to securities issuers,
the Group’s total liabilities amounted to RMB895,304 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB139,729 million or
18.49% than that as at the end of last year.


As of 31 December 2023, the Group’s equity attributable to owners of the parent amounted to RMB268,840 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of RMB15,722 million or 6.21% than that as at the end of last year.


Asset and liability structure of the Group maintained stable. As of 31 December 2023, excluding customer brokerage
deposits and funds payable to securities issuers, the Group’s total assets amounted to RMB1,169,503 million, among
which, investments, which mainly included investments in associates/joint ventures and investments in financial assets,
accounted for 64.83% of the total assets; margin accounts and reverse repurchase agreements accounted for 15.47%
of the total assets; cash and bank balances accounted for 9.39% of the total assets; and fixed assets, constructions in
progress, land-use-rights and intangible assets, investment properties and right-of-use assets in aggregate accounted for
1.32% of the total assets.




                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report    41
Management Discussion and Analysis



As of 31 December 2023, excluding customer brokerage deposits and funds payable to securities issuers, the Group’s
total liabilities amounted to RMB895,304 million with a major proportion of short-term liabilities, among which, repurchase
agreements were RMB283,346 million, accounting for 31.65% of the total liabilities; debt instruments issued and long-term
loans were RMB108,899 million, accounting for 12.16% of the total liabilities; short-term loans, due to banks and
other financial institutions, short-term financing instruments payable and non-current liabilities due within one year were
RMB154,015 million, accounting for 17.20% of the total liabilities; financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss and
derivative financial liabilities were RMB118,468 million, accounting for 13.23% of the total liabilities; and other liabilities were
RMB230,576 million in total, accounting for 25.76% of the total liabilities.


The gearing ratio slightly increased. As of 31 December 2023, excluding customer brokerage deposits and funds payable
to securities issuers, the gearing ratio of the Group was 76.55%, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.03 percentage
points than that as at the end of last year.


Cash flow status
Excluding the impact of changes in customer brokerage deposits, the Group’s net decrease in cash and cash equivalents
was RMB4,050 million in 2023, compared with net increase of RMB12,607 million in 2022, which was mainly due to the
decrease in net cash inflow from operating and investment activities.


From a structural perspective, the net cash outflow from operating activities in 2023 was RMB34,133 million, compared
with an inflow of RMB55,258 million in 2022, which was mainly due to a year-on-year increase in the net cash outflow from
investments in financial assets at fair value though profit or loss and margin accounts.


The net cash outflow from investing activities in 2023 was RMB18,198 million, compared with an outflow of RMB792 million
in 2022, which was mainly due to the year-on-year increase in net cash flow of financial assets at fair value through other
comprehensive income.


The net cash inflow from financing activities in 2023 was RMB48,281 million, compared with an outflow of
RMB41,859 million in 2022, which was mainly due to a year-on-year increase in the cash inflow from financing activities that
were from borrowing activities and issuing bonds by the Company during the Reporting Period.




42
Analysis on items of income statement
Financial highlights
In 2023, the Group accomplished a profit before income tax of RMB26,185 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of
9.55%. Major financial highlights of the Group are as follows:


                                                                                                              In RMB million


 Items                                                                                         2023                     2022


 Fee and commission income                                                                   33,747                 37,945
 Interest income                                                                             21,609                 21,024
 Investment income                                                                           21,846                 17,636




                                                                                                                                Management Discussion and Analysis
 Income from bulk commodity trading and other income                                           6,523                    9,336
 Operating expenses                                                                          58,181                 57,664
 Share of profits and losses of associates/joint ventures                                        641                     673
 Profit before income tax                                                                    26,185                 28,950
 Income tax expense                                                                            5,646                    6,781
 Profit attributable to owners of the parent                                                 19,721                 21,317

Structure of the revenue
In 2023, the total revenue and other income of the Group amounted to RMB83,725 million, representing a year-on-year
decrease of 2.58%. Structure of the revenue was relatively stable. The following table sets out the revenue structure of the
Group in the past 5 years:


 Items                                                  2023          2022            2021             2020             2019


 Fee and commission income                           40.31%         44.15%         42.06%          44.27%         37.69%
 Interest income                                     25.81%         24.46%         21.14%          21.61%         23.23%
 Investment income                                   26.09%         20.52%         23.31%          24.92%         27.84%
 Income from bulk commodity trading and
   other income                                       7.79%         10.87%         13.49%           9.20%         11.24%

 Total                                              100.00%       100.00%         100.00%         100.00%        100.00%




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report      43
Management Discussion and Analysis



Fee and commission income
In 2023, the net fee and commission income of the Group amounted to RMB27,202 million, representing a year-on-year
decrease of 14.84%, which was mainly due to the decrease in revenue from investment banking and asset management
business. The breakdown of fee and commission income of the Group during 2022 and 2023 is as follows:

                                                                                                                       In RMB million

                                                                                                      Variance in       Variance in
 Items                                                                    2023             2022          amount         percentage

 Fee and commission income
   Brokerage                                                            15,421          16,140              -719           -4.45%
   Investment banking                                                    6,758           8,915            -2,157          -24.20%
   Trading                                                                 471             435                36            8.28%
   Asset management                                                     10,373          11,493            -1,120           -9.75%
   Others                                                                  724             962              -238          -24.74%
 Fee and commission expenses                                             6,545           6,002               543            9.05%
 Net fee and commission income                                          27,202          31,943            -4,741          -14.84%

The breakdown of fee and commission income during 2022 and 2023 is as follows:


              Breakdown of fee and commission income                        Breakdown of fee and commission income
              for 2023                                                      for 2022

                                    2.13%                                                    2.53%




                                                                               30.29%
                30.74%
                                                                                                              42.54%
                                                      45.70%




                  1.40%                                                         1.15%



                          20.03%                                                        23.49%



                               Brokerage                       Investment banking           Trading

                                   Asset management            Others



The fee and commission income from brokerage decreased by RMB719 million, representing a year-on-year decrease
of 4.45%. In 2023, the average daily trading volume of stocks and funds in the domestic securities market decreased
year-on-year by 3.10%.

The fee and commission income from investment banking decreased by RMB2,157 million, representing a year-on-year
decrease of 24.20%, mainly due to changes in the scale of equity financing.

The fee and commission income from trading increased by RMB36 million year-on-year, which was relatively stable.

The fee and commission income from asset management decreased by RMB1,120 million, representing a year-on-year
decrease of 9.75%, mainly due to changes in assets under management.


44
Interest income
In 2023, the net interest income of the Group amounted to RMB4,029 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of
30.61%. The table below sets out the major composition of the net interest income of the Group for the period indicated:


                                                                                                             In RMB million


                                                                                             Variance in      Variance in
 Items                                                             2023            2022         amount        percentage


 Interest income
   — Interest income on financial institutions                     8,990          8,988                2          0.02%




                                                                                                                              Management Discussion and Analysis
   — Interest income on margin and other financing                10,105         10,328            -223           -2.16%
  — Interest income on financial assets at fair value
     through other comprehensive income                            2,056          1,491             565          37.89%
   — Others                                                          458            217             241         111.06%
 Interest expenses
   — Customer brokerage deposits                                   1,675          1,648               27          1.64%
   — Due to banks and other financial institutions                 8,892          6,029           2,863          47.49%
  — Debt instruments issued and short-term financing
    instruments payable                                            5,549          5,863            -314           -5.36%
   — Others                                                        1,464          1,678            -214         -12.75%
 Net interest income                                               4,029          5,806          -1,777         -30.61%


Bank interest income increased by RMB2 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.02%, remaining basically stable.


Interest income on margin and other financing decreased by RMB223 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of
2.16%, mainly due to the decreased scale of financing flow-based business as compared to last year.


Interest income on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income increased by RMB565 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of 37.89%, mainly due to increased average daily scale of debt investment during
the year.




                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report    45
Management Discussion and Analysis



Investment income
In 2023, the investment income of the Group amounted to RMB21,846 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
23.87%. The table below sets out the major composition of the investment income of the Group for the period indicated:

                                                                                                            In RMB million


                                                                                              Variance in     Variance in
 Items                                                              2023            2022         amount       percentage


 Net gains from financial assets at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                                        999             257             742        288.72%
 Net gains/(losses) from financial instruments at fair value
     through profit or loss                                       33,021         -24,371             N/A             N/A
 Others                                                          -12,174          41,750             N/A             N/A


 Total                                                            21,846          17,636           4,210         23.87%

The net gains from financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income increased by RMB742 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of 288.72%. In particular, the investment income from the disposal of financial assets
increased by RMB724 million, representing an increase of 281.71%, and the investment income from assets held increased
by RMB18 million, which was all arising from investment in equity instruments.


The net gains from financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss amounted to RMB33,021 million. In particular,
investment income arising from the holding and disposal of such assets by the Group was RMB20,434 million and the gains
arising from changes in the fair value amounted to RMB12,587 million.


Other investment loss was RMB12,174 million, which was mainly attributable to changes in fair value of derivative financial
instruments.




46
Operating expenses
In 2023, operating expenses of the Group (excluding fee and commission expenses and interest expenses) amounted to
RMB34,056 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of RMB2,388 million or 6.55%. The table below sets out the
major composition of the operating expenses of the Group for the period indicated:


                                                                                                                  In RMB million


                                                                                                  Variance in      Variance in
 Items                                                                2023             2022          amount        percentage


 Staff costs                                                         20,786          21,174              -388          -1.83%
 Depreciation                                                         1,565           1,350              215          15.93%




                                                                                                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis
 Tax and surcharges                                                    358              375               -17          -4.53%
 Cost of bulk commodity trading                                       4,776           7,227            -2,451         -33.91%
 Other operating expenses                                             6,928           6,502              426            6.55%
 Credit impairment losses                                             -365             -698              N/A                N/A
 Impairment losses on other assets                                        8             514              -506         -98.44%


 Total                                                           34,056              36,444            -2,388          -6.55%

During the year, staff costs decreased by RMB388 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 1.83%, mainly due to a
decrease in staff remuneration.


During the year, depreciation increased by RMB215 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.93%, which was
mainly due to the increase in depreciation of right-of-use assets.


During the year, tax and surcharges decreased by RMB17 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 4.53%, mainly
due to a decrease in urban construction tax and education surcharge.


During the year, cost of bulk commodity trading decreased by RMB2,451 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of
33.91%, mainly due to a decrease in cost of sales of bulk commodity trading of its subsidiaries.


In 2023, expected credit losses amounted to RMB-365 million, mainly due to the increase in the credit impairment losses
on financial assets (debt instruments) at fair value through other comprehensive income. Impairment losses on other assets
amounted to RMB8 million, decreased by RMB506 million year-on-year, which was mainly due to the decrease in the
impairment losses on goodwill of subsidiaries.




                                                                      CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report     47
Management Discussion and Analysis



The following table sets out the composition of the impairment losses of the Group during the period indicated:


                                                                                                             In RMB million


                                                                                             Variance in      Variance in
 Items                                                            2023            2022          amount        percentage

 Expected credit losses                                            -365            -698              N/A              N/A
 Among which: Reverse repurchase agreements                       -729            -262              N/A              N/A
        Margin account                                             -610            -822              N/A              N/A
        
        Financial assets at fair value through
                    other comprehensive income
                    (Debt instruments)                            1,027             476              551          115.76%
        Other current assets                                         32             -33              N/A              N/A
        Others                                                      -85             -57              N/A              N/A
 Impairment losses on other assets                                    8             514             -506          -98.44%

Analysis on financial position
As of 31 December 2023, the total assets of the Group were RMB1,453,359 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
11.06%. Excluding the customer brokerage deposits and funds payable to securities issuers, the total assets of the Group
amounted to RMB1,169,503 million as at 31 December 2023, representing a year-on year increase of 15.34%.


Major changes in the total assets of the Group were as follows:
                                                                                                             In RMB million


                                                          31 December       31 December       Variance in     Variance in
 Items                                                           2023              2022          amount       percentage

 Financial assets at fair value through other
     comprehensive income                                          90,698         70,278          20,420           29.06%
 Investments in associates/joint ventures                           9,650          9,649                1           0.01%
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss            625,047        530,923          94,124           17.73%
 Derivative financial assets                                       32,754         36,389           -3,635          -9.99%
 Margin accounts and reverse repurchase agreements                180,955        138,459          42,496           30.69%
 Properties, land-use rights and intangible assets,
     right-of-use assets                                           15,458         14,600              858           5.88%
 Cash and bank balances                                           109,773        112,402           -2,629          -2.34%
 Others                                                           105,168        101,247            3,921           3.87%

 Total                                                         1,169,503       1,013,947         155,556           15.34%




48
The following chart sets forth the composition of the total assets of the Group as of the dates indicated:


               Analysis of the components of the Group’s                                  Analysis of the components of the Group’s
               assets as at the end of 2023                                               assets as at the end of 2022
                                8.99%        7.76%                                                           9.98%       6.93%
                                                     0.83%                                                                       0.95%

                    9.39%                                                                    11.09%

                 1.32%
                                                                                           1.44%


                15.47%
                                                                                           13.66%
                                                              53.44%                                                                      52.36%

                     2.80%




                                                                                                                                                                            Management Discussion and Analysis
                                                                                                    3.59%




                 Financial assets at fair value        Investments in associates/            Financial assets at fair value         Derivative financial assets
                 through other comprehensive           joint ventures                        through profit or loss
                 income

                 Margin accounts and reverse           Properties, land-use rights and       Cash and bank balances                 Others
                 repurchase agreements                 intangible assets,
                                                       right-of-use assets



Investment
The investment of the Group primarily comprises financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income,
investments in associates/joint ventures, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, derivative financial assets, etc.


As of 31 December 2023, the total investments of the Group were RMB758,149 million, representing a year-on-year
increase of RMB110,910 million or 17.14% as compared to the end of last year. Its total investments accounted for 64.83%
of the total assets, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.00 percentage point.


The following table sets out, as of the dates indicated, the investments of the Group and its percentage to the total assets
by category:


                                                                                                                                                           In RMB million


                                                                                         31 December 2023                                31 December 2022
                                                                                                       Percentage to                                     Percentage to
 Items                                                                                   Amount             total assets                 Amount            total assets


 Financial assets at fair value through other
   comprehensive income                                                                   90,698                     7.76%                70,278                  6.93%
 Investments in associates/joint ventures                                                  9,650                     0.83%                   9,649                0.95%
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                   625,047                 53.44%                  530,923                  52.36%
 Derivative financial assets                                                              32,754                     2.80%                36,389                  3.59%

 Total                                                                                   758,149                 64.83%                  647,239                  63.83%


                                                                                           CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report                         49
Management Discussion and Analysis



Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
As of 31 December 2023, the Group’s financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income were
RMB90,698 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB20,420 million or 29.06% as compared to the end
of last year. The following table sets forth the components of the Group’s financial assets at fair value through other
comprehensive income:


                                                                                                             In RMB million


                                                             31 December 2023                  31 December 2022
                                                                           Percentage to                   Percentage to
                                                                           total financial                  total financial
                                                                               assets at                        assets at
                                                                               fair value                       fair value
                                                                           through other                    through other
                                                                        comprehensive                      comprehensive
 Items                                                    Amount                   income       Amount            income


 Debt instruments investments                               81,184                 89.51%        70,115           99.77%
 Investment in equity instruments                            9,514                 10.49%           163            0.23%


 Total                                                      90,698                 100.00%       70,278         100.00%

Investments in associates/joint ventures
As of 31 December 2023, investments in associates and joint ventures of the Group increased by RMB1 million or 0.01%
year-on-year as compared to the end of last year, maintaining relatively stable.


                                                                                                             In RMB million


                                                         31 December        31 December      Variance in      Variance in
 Items                                                          2023               2022         amount        percentage


 Investment in associates                                         9,633              9,639           -6           -0.06%
 Investments in joint ventures                                        17                10            7          70.00%


 Total                                                            9,650              9,649            1            0.01%




50
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
As of 31 December 2023, the Group’s financial assets at fair value through profit or loss increased by RMB94,124 million
or 17.73% year-on-year as compare to the end of last year, accounting for 53.44% of the total assets of the Group, mainly
due to the increase in investment of tradable debt instruments. The following table sets forth the components of the Group’s
financial assets at fair value through profit or loss:


                                                                                                              In RMB million


                                                         31 December        31 December        Variance in     Variance in
 Items                                                          2023               2022           amount       percentage


 Debt instruments investments                                  297,987          245,668           52,319          21.30%




                                                                                                                               Management Discussion and Analysis
 Investment in equity instruments                              287,845          251,472           36,373          14.46%
 Financial assets designated as at fair value through
    profit or loss                                               10,225           11,055             -830          -7.51%
 Others                                                          28,990           22,728            6,262         27.55%


 Total                                                         625,047          530,923           94,124          17.73%

Properties, land-use rights and intangible assets and right-of-use assets
As of 31 December 2023, properties, land-use rights and intangible assets and right-of-use assets of the Group were
RMB15,458 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 5.88%. The following table sets forth the properties, land-use
rights and intangible assets and right-of-use assets of the Group as of the dates indicated:

                                                                                                              In RMB million


                                                           31 December       31 December        Variance in    Variance in
 Items                                                            2023              2022           amount      percentage


 Property, plant and equipment                                      8,808            8,282             526          6.35%
 Investment properties                                                905              954             -49         -5.14%
 Land-use rights and other intangible assets                        3,352            3,421             -69         -2.02%
 Right-of-use assets                                                2,393            1,943             450         23.16%


 Total                                                             15,458          14,600              858          5.88%




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report    51
Management Discussion and Analysis



Liabilities
As of 31 December 2023, the total liabilities of the Group amounted to RMB1,179,160 million, representing a year-on-year
increase of RMB128,929 million or 12.28% as compared to the end of last year. Excluding customer brokerage deposits
and funds payable to securities issuers, total liabilities of the Group amounted to RMB895,304 million as at 31 December
2023, representing a year-on-year increase of 18.49%. The following table sets forth the breakdown of the total liabilities of
the Group as of the dates indicated:

                                                                                                                   In RMB million


                                                              31 December       31 December         Variance in      Variance in
 Items                                                               2023              2022            amount        percentage


 Customer brokerage deposits                                        283,821           279,402            4,419            1.58%
 Funds payable to securities issuers                                     35            15,254          -15,219          -99.77%
 Short-term loans, due to banks and other financing
   institutions, short-term financing instruments
   payable and non-current liabilities due
   within one year                                                  154,015           103,926           50,089           48.20%
 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
   and derivative financial liabilities                             118,468           119,238             -770           -0.65%
 Repurchase agreements                                              283,346           214,283           69,063           32.23%
 Debt instruments issued and long-term loans                        108,899            75,031           33,868           45.14%
 Others                                                             230,576           243,097          -12,521           -5.15%

 Total                                                            1,179,160         1,050,231          128,929           12.28%


As of 31 December 2023, the customer brokerage deposits of the Group amounted to RMB283,821 million, representing
a year-on-year increase of 1.58%, accounting for 24.07% of the total liabilities of the Group. The following table sets forth
the Group’s customer brokerage deposits as categorized by geographical locations and types of customers as of the dates
indicated:

                                                                                                                   In RMB million


                                                              31 December       31 December         Variance in      Variance in
 Items                                                               2023              2022            amount        percentage


 China’s Mainland                                                    256,633          253,009             3,624           1.43%
   — Individual                                                       83,797           83,971              -174          -0.21%
   — Corporate                                                       172,836          169,038             3,798           2.25%
 Outside China’s Mainland                                             27,188           26,393               795           3.01%

 Total                                                               283,821          279,402             4,419           1.58%


As of 31 December 2023, short-term loans, due to banks and other financing institutions, short-term financing instruments
payable and non-current liabilities due within one year amounted to RMB154,015 million, representing an increase of
48.20% year-on-year, which was mainly attributable to an increase in the scale of short-term financing instruments payable.

As of 31 December 2023, financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss and derivative financial liabilities amounted to
RMB118,468 million, representing a decrease of 0.65% year-on-year, which was mainly attributable to the scale of financial
liabilities designated as at fair value through profit or loss and fair value changes.



52
As of 31 December 2023, amounts from repurchase agreements increased by RMB69,063 million or 32.23% year-on-year
as compared to the end of last year, which was mainly attributable to the increase in the scale of pledge-style repo
business.


As of 31 December 2023, amounts from debt instruments issued and long-term loans of the Group increased by
RMB33,868 million or 45.14% year-on-year as compared to the end of last year, which was mainly attributable to the
increase in the scale of debt instruments issued.


Equity
As of 31 December 2023, the total equity of the Group amounted to RMB274,199 million, representing a year-on-year
increase of 6.13%, which was mainly attributable to the issuance of other equity instruments and net profit achieved for the
period of the Company. The following table sets forth the components of the Group’s total equity as of the dates indicated:




                                                                                                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis
                                                                                                                   In RMB million


                                                                                          31 December              31 December
 Items                                                                                              2023                    2022


 Share capital                                                                                    14,821                  14,821
 Other equity instruments                                                                         16,762                  13,762
 Capital reserve                                                                                  90,828                  90,940
 Surplus reserve                                                                                  11,640                  11,294
 General reserve                                                                                  40,251                  36,884
 Investment revaluation reserve                                                                       457                   -198
 Foreign currency translation reserve                                                                 631                    386
 Retained profits                                                                                 93,450                  85,229
 Non-controlling interests                                                                          5,359                  5,254


 Total                                                                                           274,199                258,372

Fair value measurement
During the Reporting Period, the valuation principle for fair value is that the fair value of the relevant assets or liabilities of
the Group is measured by prices in principal markets. In the absence of a principal market, the fair value of the relevant
assets or liabilities will be measured by the prices in the most advantageous market. The fair value of an asset or a liability
is measured by using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that
market participants act in their best economic interest.


The fair values of quoted financial assets or financial liabilities in active markets of the Group are based on quoted market
prices. If there is no active market, the Group establishes fair value by using valuation techniques. These include the use of
market approach, income approach and cost approach. In the application of valuation techniques, the Group prioritizes the
use of relevant observable inputs, and can only use unobservable inputs when the relevant observable inputs are unavailable
or impractical to obtain.




                                                                     CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report        53
Management Discussion and Analysis



Default Valuation Adjustments (DVA) are considered for the Group’s liabilities at fair value, assuming that DVA stay the same
before and after the transfer of the liabilities. DVA refers to the risk that enterprises fail to perform their obligation, including
but not limited to their own credit.


Analysis of principal controlling subsidiaries
The Company has eight principal controlling subsidiaries, a summary of which is set out below:


                    Shareholding of Date of                                                                                                        Legal          Contact
 Name               the Company Establishment Registered Capital Place of Business                           Registered Address                    Representative Number


 CITIC Securities   100%          1988.06.02     RMB2,493.80         5/F, East Wing, Tower 1, Longxiang      Unit 2001, Tower 1, No. 222           XIAO Haifeng   0531-89606168
    (Shandong)                                   million             Plaza, No. 28 Dong Hai West Road,       Shenzhen Road, Laoshan District,
                                                                     Shinan District, Qingdao, 15/F,         Qingdao
                                                                     International Wealth Center, No. 156
                                                                     Jingqi Road, Shizhong District, Jinan

 CSI                100%          1998.04.09     Paid-up capital of  26/F, CITIC Tower, 1 Tim Mei Avenue, 26/F, CITIC Tower, 1 Tim Mei Avenue, LI Chunbo          00852-26008888
                                                 HK$6,516.05 million Central, Hong Kong                   Central, Hong Kong

 GoldStone          100%          2007.10.11     RMB3,000 million    Room 1601, 16/F, Building 1, No. 6      Room 1601, 16/F, Building 1, No. 6    CHANG          010-56605201
   Investment                                                        Xinyuan South Road, Chaoyang            Xinyuan South Road, Chaoyang            Junsheng
                                                                     District, Beijing                       District, Beijing

 CITIC Securities   100%          2012.04.01     RMB17,000 million   17/F, CITIC Securities Tower, No. 48 Unit 2001, Tower 1, International        FANG Hao       010-60833811
    Investment                                                       Liangmaqiao Road, Chaoyang District, Finance Plaza, No. 222 Shenzhen
                                                                     Beijing                              Road, Laoshan District, Qingdao

 CITIC Futures      100%          1993.03.30     RMB7,600 million    Units 1301–1305 of 13/F and 14/F,       Units 1301–1305 of 13/F and          DOU             0755-83217780
                                                                     North Tower, Excellence Times Plaza     14/F, North Tower, Excellence Times    Changhong
                                                                     II, No. 8 Zhong Xin San Road, Futian    Plaza II, No. 8 Zhong Xin San Road,
                                                                     District, Shenzhen, Guangdong           Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong
                                                                     Province                                Province

 CITIC Securities   100%          1988.03.26     RMB5,091.14         Room 901 (Position: Self-edited 01)     Room 901 (Position: Self-edited 01)   CHEN Keke      020-88836999
    South China                                  million             and Room 1001 (Position: Self-edited    and Room 1001 (Position:
                                                                     01), No. 395 Linjiang Avenue, Tianhe    Self-edited 01), No. 395 Linjiang
                                                                     District, Guangzhou                     Avenue, Tianhe District, Guangzhou

 CITIC Securities   100%          2023.03.01     RMB1,000 million    16/F, CITIC Securities Tower, No. 48 Room 1-288, 6/F, Unit 01, 1-16/F,        YANG Bing      010-60838899
    AM                                                               Liangmaqiao Road, Chaoyang District, Building 2, No. 3, Jinli South Road,
                                                                     Beijing                              Fengtai District, Beijing

 China AMC          62.20%        1998.04.09     RMB238 million      Building 7, No. 1 Yuetan South Street, No. A3, Anqing Street, Shunyi District, ZHANG Youjun 010-88066688
                                                                     Xicheng District, Beijing              Beijing




54
Particulars of the principal controlling subsidiaries of the Company are as follows:


(1)   CITIC Securities (Shandong) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company with a registered capital of
      RMB2,493.80 million. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the total assets and net assets of CITIC Securities
      (Shandong) amounted to RMB34,517.24 million and RMB8,590.19 million, respectively, and the operating revenue,
      gross profit and net profit realized in 2023 amounted to RMB1,819.06 million, RMB653.14 million and RMB485.44
      million, respectively. CITIC Securities (Shandong) had 65 securities branches, 2,719 staff and 34 dispatched staff.


      The principal businesses of CITIC Securities (Shandong) include: life insurance and property insurance (other than
      aviation accident insurance and alternative products) approved by the China Insurance Regulatory Commission;
      foreign-currency negotiable securities brokerage; securities brokerage (in Shandong and Henan provinces only);
      securities investment advisory (for securities investment advisory business in Shandong and Henan provinces only);




                                                                                                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis
      margin financing and securities lending; distribution of securities investment fund; provision of intermediate referral
      services to futures companies; and agency sale of financial products (in Shandong and Henan provinces only).


(2)   CSI is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company with paid-up capital of HK$6,516.05 million. As at the end of
      the Reporting Period, under HKFRS, the total assets and net assets of CSI amounted to US$34,695.54 million and
      US$1,709.97 million, respectively; the operating revenue, gross profit and net profit realized in 2023 amounted to
      US$1,602.31 million, US$284.13 million and US$246.11 million, respectively. CSI had 6 branches in Hong Kong,
      1,884 staff and 84 brokers.


      The principal businesses of CSI include: holding and investment, and its subsidiaries engage in businesses such
      as corporate finance and capital market, securities brokerage, futures brokerage, asset management, proprietary
      business and direct investment.


(3)   GoldStone Investment is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company with a registered capital of RMB3.0 billion.
      As at the end of the Reporting Period, the total assets and net assets of GoldStone Investment amounted to
      RMB18,690.37 million and RMB10,572.17 million, respectively; the operating revenue, gross profit and net profit
      realized in 2023 amounted to RMB1,911.42 million, RMB1,511.80 million and RMB1,113.87 million, respectively.
      GoldStone Investment had 120 staff (including 4 dispatched staff).


      The principal businesses of GoldStone Investment include: industrial investment; investment advisory and management.


(4)   CITIC Securities Investment is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company with a registered capital of
      RMB17,000 million. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the total assets and net assets of CITIC Securities
      Investment amounted to RMB28,856.55 million and RMB24,956.98 million, respectively; the operating revenue, gross
      profit and net profit realized in 2023 amounted to RMB1,493.69 million, RMB1,481.16 million and RMB1,144.18
      million, respectively. CITIC Securities Investment had 39 staff (including 1 dispatched staff).


      The principal businesses of CITIC Securities Investment include: financial product investment, securities investment
      and equity investment.




                                                                     CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report    55
Management Discussion and Analysis



(5)   CITIC Futures is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company with a registered capital of RMB7,600 million. As at the
      end of the Reporting Period, the total assets and net assets of CITIC Futures amounted to RMB181,586.88 million and
      RMB13,020.49 million, respectively; the operating revenue, gross profit and net profit realized in 2023 amounted to
      RMB7,824.93 million, RMB1,107.58 million and RMB873.28 million, respectively. CITIC Futures had 51 branches and
      2,085 staff.


      The principal businesses of CITIC Futures include: commodity futures brokerage, financial futures brokerage, futures
      investment advisory, asset management and fund sales.


(6)   CITIC Securities South China is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company with a registered capital of
      RMB5,091.14 million. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the total assets and net assets of CITIC Securities South
      China amounted to RMB15,727.47 million and RMB7,135.87 million, respectively; the operating revenue, gross
      profit and net profit realized in 2023 amounted to RMB830.73 million, RMB366.46 million and RMB284.77 million,
      respectively. CITIC Securities South China had 32 securities branches and 1,030 staff (including 21 dispatched staff).


      The principal businesses of CITIC Securities South China include: margin financing and securities lending; securities
      proprietary investment services for institutions; securities investment fund distribution services; agency sale of financial
      products; securities asset management; provision of intermediate referral services to futures companies (limited to
      securities companies); securities brokerage; securities underwriting and sponsorship; financial advisory services in
      relation to securities trading and securities investment activities; securities investment consulting.


(7)   CITIC Securities AM is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company with a registered capital of RMB1,000 million.
      As at the end of the Reporting Period, the total assets and net assets of CITIC Securities AM amounted to
      RMB1,490.37 million and RMB1,405.29 million, respectively; the operating revenue, gross profit and net profit realized
      in 2023 amounted to RMB168.38 million, RMB98.30 million and RMB73.65 million, respectively. CITIC Securities AM
      had 303 staff.


      The principal businesses of CITIC Securities AM include: securities assets management business (excluding entrusted
      domestic investment management of National Social Security Fund, securities investment management for basic
      pension insurance fund, investment management of the enterprise annuity fund and investment management of the
      occupational pension fund).


(8)   China AMC is held as to 62.20% by the Company and has a registered capital of RMB238 million. As at the end
      of the Reporting Period, the total assets and net assets of China AMC amounted to RMB18,794.30 million and
      RMB13,152.00 million, respectively; the operating revenue, gross profit and net profit realized in 2023 amounted to
      RMB7,326.91 million, RMB2,674.83 million and RMB2,012.99 million, respectively. China AMC had 1,718 staff.


      The principal businesses of China AMC include: fund raising; fund sales; asset management; engaging in asset
      management business for specific clients; and other businesses permitted by the CSRC.




56
Securities branch offices of the Company
As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has established a total of 45 domestic securities branch offices,
particulars of which are as follows:


       Name of Branch                 Responsible                                                                               Contact
 No.   Office                         Officer       Place of Business                                                           Method


 1     Beijing Branch Office          TIAN Bing     Rooms 01 and 02 (inside 101), 1/F, Rooms 01, 02, 03, 05 and 06              010-86601366
                                                      (inside 201), 2/F, Room 01 (inside 301), 3/F, Building 1, No. 38 Yard,
                                                      Dongsanhuan North Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing
 2     Shanghai Branch Office         WANG Lihua    3/F and Units 01 to 07, 10/F No. 1568 Century Avenue, Pilot Free Trade      021-61768697
                                                      Zone, China (Shanghai)
 3     Hubei Branch Office            SUN Hongtao   Part of the houses No. 1 to 4, 42/F and 51/F, Building 1, Guangfa Bank      027-85355362




                                                                                                                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis
                                                      Building, No. 737 Construction Avenue, Jianghan District, Wuhan
 4     Jiangsu Branch Office          XIE Siyuan    10/F and Area B of 1/F, Phase II of Sunny World, No. 168 Lushan Road,       025-83261298
                                                      Jianye District, Nanjing
 5     Shanghai Pilot Free Trade      ZHANG Bing    19/F and 20/F, No. 1568 Century Avenue, Pilot Free Trade Zone, China        021-20262005
                                                      (Shanghai)
         Zone Branch Office
 6     Shenzhen Branch Office         TAN Xiujun    12/F and 20/F, CITIC Securities Tower, No. 8 Center 3rd Road, Futian        0755-23916596
                                                      Street, Futian District, Shenzhen
 7     Northeast Branch Office        LI Zhe        30/F, No. 286 Qingnian Avenue, Heping District, Shenyang                    024-23972693
 8     Zhejiang Branch Office         CHEN Gang     Units 1703, 1704, 1901, 1902, 2303 and 2304, 6/F and 22/F of Dikai          0571-85783714
                                                      Yinzuo, Sijiqing Street, Shangcheng District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang
                                                      Province
 9     Jiangxi Branch Office          WU Wenfang    Units 2801, 2802, 2806, 2807, 2808, 2809 and 2810 (28/F) of Lianfa          0791-83970561
                                                      Plaza Office Building, No. 129 Lvyin Road, Honggutan District,
                                                      Nanchang, Jiangxi Province
 10    Fujian Branch Office           SUI Yanping   Units 1901, 1902, 1905A, 1907, 2005B, 2006 and 2007 of Sino Plaza,          0591-87905705
                                                      No. 137 Wusi Road, Gulou District, Fuzhou, Fujian Province
 11    Ningbo Branch Office           YAO Feng      7-1-1, 7-1-2, 7-1-3, 7-1-4, No. 455 Haiyan North Road, Fuming Street,       0574-87033718
                                                      Yinzhou District, Ningbo, Zhejiang Province
 12    Wenzhou Branch Office          PAN Ye        Room 201 (2-23), 702 and 703, Fortune Center, No. 577 Station Avenue,       0577-88107230
                                                      Lucheng District, Wenzhou, Zhejiang Province
 13    Sichuan Branch Office          JI Xiangkun   1/F, West Wing, La Defense Building, No. 1480 North Section of Tianfu       028-63278899
                                                      Avenue, Chengdu Hi-Tech Industrial Development Zone, Sichuan
                                                      Province
 14    Shaanxi Branch Office          SHI Lei       Room 02-03-04, 19/F, Unit 1, Building 1, Hesheng Jingguang Center,          029-88601239
                                                      No. 11 Tangyan Road, High-tech Zone, Xi’an, Shaanxi Province
 15    Tianjin Branch Office          ZHANG Yu      Y5, 1/F, 201 2/F and 7/F, Tianjin Technology Building, No. 23 Youyi Road,   022-58816668
                                                      Hexi District, Tianjin
 16    Inner Mongolia Branch Office   FAN Yaqiong   Jintailiwan No. 10 Complex, Siwei Road, Saihan District, Hohhot, Inner      0471-5982233
                                                      Mongolia Autonomous Region
 17    Anhui Branch Office            YANG Dacui    Room 2501–2504, 25/F, A1 Building, Phase I, and Southeast Corner of         0551-65662889
                                                      1/F, Podium Building, Zhongan Chuanggu Science Park, No. 900 West
                                                      Wangjiang Road, High-tech Zone, Hefei, China (Anhui) Pilot Free Trade
                                                      Zone
 18    Shanxi Branch Office           REN Gaopeng   Shop 1, Northeast Corner of Hongsheng Times Financial Plaza, No. 1 Jifu     0351-6191968
                                                      Road, Jinyuan District, Taiyuan, Shanxi Province
 19    Yunnan Branch Office           ZHANG Rui     Units 2601–2603 and 2612, 26/F, Kunming Henglong Plaza Office               0871-68583323
                                                      Building, No. 23 East Dongfeng Road, Panlong District, Kunming,
                                                      Yunnan Province



                                                                          CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report                   57
Management Discussion and Analysis



      Name of Branch               Responsible                                                                                   Contact
No.   Office                       Officer         Place of Business                                                             Method


20    Hunan Branch Office          LUO Hua         2/F and 8/F (Rooms 801, 802, 811, 812, 813), New Century Building,            0731-85175379
                                                     No. 198 Second Section of Furong Middle Road, Chengnanlu Street,
                                                     Tianxin District, Changsha, Hunan Province
21    Hebei Branch Office          QIU Zhenying    Rooms 3501–3504, 35/F, Tower B, Letai Center, No. 39 Zhongshan East           0311-66188908
                                                     Road, Chang’an District, Shijiazhuang, Hebei Province
22    Chongqing Branch Office      LI Xiaoying     5-1 (underground) and 12-1-2, No. 5 Jiangbeichengxi Avenue, Jiangbei          023-67518668
                                                     District, Chongqing
23    Hainan Branch Office         ZHU Yumei       1–2/F, Block B, East Area of Sheng Da Jing Du, No. 65 Guoxing Avenue,         0898-65361268
                                                     Meilan District, Haikou, Hainan Province
24    Guangxi Branch Office        LIU Yuyang      Room 1804 and 1805, 18/F, Block C, China Resources Building, No.              0771-2539031
                                                     136-5 Minzu Avenue, Qingxiu District, Nanning
25    Gansu Branch Office          XU Ying         4/F, Lanzhou SOHO Tower, No. 9 Minzhu West Road, Chengguan District,          0931-8631255
                                                     Lanzhou, Gansu Province
26    Ningxia Branch Office        WU Ligang       Room 301, Complex Commercial Building, No. 16 (formerly No. B4) Yuehai        0951-5102568
                                                     Xintiandi, East Side of Yinjiaqu and South Side of Zhenshui Road, Jinfeng
                                                     District, Yinchuan, Ningxia
27    Jilin Branch Office          LIU Mingxu      C101 on 1–2/F, C301, C302, C303 and C304A on 3/F, Tower C, Pearl              0431-81970899
                                                     Plaza, No. 8988 Renmin Avenue, Nanguan District, Changchun, Jilin
                                                     Province
28    Heilongjiang Branch Office   WU Di           No. 1150 Jinjiang Road, Daoli District, Harbin                                0451-51176699
29    Jiaxing Branch Office        WU Jinglan      Room D110 on 1/F, 3/F and 4/F, Rooms D111, D113 on 3/F and 4/F,               0573-82069341
                                                     Commercial Office Building, Fortune Plaza, Economic and Technological
                                                     Development Zone, Jiaxing, Zhejiang Province
30    Jinhua Branch Office         LI Qiang        1–4/F, Haiyang Building, No. 331 Zhongshan Road, Wucheng District,            0579-82337102
                                                     Jinhua, Zhejiang Province
31    Shaoxing Branch Office       TONG Weijia     Rooms 102, 205, 206, 207 and 208, No. 177 Jiefang Avenue, Lingzhi             0575-88096598
                                                     Street, Yuecheng District, Shaoxing, Zhejiang Province
32    Taizhou Branch Office        LIN Binxian     Rooms 2001 and 103, Development and Investment Mansion, No. 188               0576-88896598
                                                     Fuzhong Road, Taizhou, Zhejiang Province
33    Xinjiang Branch Office       JIA Haohao      Room 7006, 7007, 7010,7011, 7012, 7013, 7015, 7016 and 7017 on                0991-5870063
                                                     7/F, Block A, Yingke Plaza, No. 217 Gaoxin Street, Hi-tech Zone (Xinshi
                                                     District), Urumqi, Xinjiang
34    Suzhou Branch Office         WANG Xiaomeng   8/F, No. 308 Suya Road, Suzhou Industrial Park                                0512-67615858
35    Foshan Branch Office         CHEN Hengfu     Rooms 2801, 2802, 2803, 2804, 2805 and 2814, Block 1, one of No. 02,          0757-83283939
                                                    Ground Floor, No. 57 Jihua 5th Road, Chancheng District, Foshan
36    Dongguan Branch Office       CAO Hong        Rooms 1705, 1706, 1707 and 1708, 17/F, and part of the Ground Floor,          0769-88778300
                                                    Yujing Plaza, Gangbei Dongcheng Road, Dongcheng Street, Dongguan
37    Shenzhen Qianhai Branch      XIONG Linsha    Rooms 803B and 804, T1 Office Building, Qianhai Kerry Centre, Qianhai         0755-26029556
       Office                                       Avenue, Nanshan Street, Qianhai Shenzhen-Hong Kong Cooperation
                                                    Zone, Shenzhen
38    Xiamen Branch Office         LI Nan          Units 04, 05 and 06, 16/F, Tower A, China Resources Building, No. 93          0592-6885548
                                                    Hubin East Road, Siming District, Xiamen
39    Qinghai Branch Office        CHEN Cunzhe     Shops in East 6/F and No. 17 on 1/F, Building 2, Shengshida Financial         0971-8251122
                                                    Centre, No. 1 Wenyuan Road, Chengxi District, Xining, Qinghai Province
40    Dalian Branch Office         CHEN Sheng      Room 1-1-4, Building 13, No. 6, B2 Block, Xinghai Plaza, Shahekou             0411-84992086
                                                    District, Dalian, Liaoning Province
41    Wuxi Branch Office           YAN Jun         Units 2906–2910, 29/F, Block 2, Center 66 Office Building, No. 139            0510-81800565
                                                    Renmin Middle Road, Liangxi District, Wuxi




58
       Name of Branch            Responsible                                                                            Contact
 No.   Office                    Officer          Place of Business                                                     Method


 42    Zhuhai Branch Office      CHEN Zhensheng   Room 301A, No. 91 Jingshan Road, Xiangzhou District, Zhuhai           0756-3288918
 43    Zhongshan Branch Office   GAO Yong         4/F-2 Dixing Building, No. 82 Zhongshan Fourth Road, East District,   0760-88261265
                                                    Zhongshan
 44    Changzhou Branch Office   YIN Zhonghua     Rooms 101 and 2101, No. 5, Yanzheng Middle Road, Hutang Town, Wujin   0519-86565278
                                                    District, Changzhou
 45    Zhenjiang Branch Office   GAO Qun          No. 39, Zhengdong Road, Jingkou District, Zhenjiang                   0511-81983987

Structured entities controlled by the Company
Please refer to Note 23 to the financial report for details of structured entities controlled by the Company.




                                                                                                                                            Management Discussion and Analysis
Explanation of change in scope of statement consolidation
During the Reporting Period, the number of structured entities which were included in the consolidation scope of the
Company’s financial statements was 6. The number of first-level units included in the consolidation scope of the Company’s
financial statements changed to 20.


No change in the income tax policy of the Company during the Reporting Period
From 1 January 2008, the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國企業所得稅法》) and the Regulations
on the Implementation of Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國企業所得稅法實施條例》) became
effective for the Company. The enterprise income tax computation and payment are governed by the requirements of
the Announcement of the State Administration of Taxation on Printing and Distributing the Administrative Measures for
Collection of Consolidated Payments of Enterprise Income Tax by the Enterprises with Trans-regional Operations (《國
家稅務總局關於印發<跨地區經營匯總納稅企業所得稅徵收管理辦法>的公告》) (Public Notice of the State Administration
of Taxation [2012] No. 57). The income tax rate applicable to the Company and its major domestic subsidiaries is 25%.
Hong Kong and other overseas subsidiaries pay taxes according to the applicable tax rate in the territory where their tax
residency is located.




                                                                       CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report             59
Management Discussion and Analysis



Risk Management
The Company has implemented comprehensive risk management mechanism and internal control processes, through which
it monitors, evaluates and manages the financial, operational, compliance, legal risks that it is exposed to in its business
activities, and implements vertical risk management of its subsidiaries through different models including business guidance,
operational support and decision-making management. The Company has established a complete and effective governance
structure. The Company’s general meeting, the Board and Supervisory Committee perform their duties to oversee and
manage the operation of the Company based on the Company Law, Securities Law, and the Articles of Association of
the Company. By strengthening the relevant internal control arrangements and improving the Company’s internal control
environment and internal control structures, the Board has incorporated internal control and risk management as essential
elements in the Company’s decision-making processes.


The Company has established an overall risk management system led by the Chief Risk Officer, in the charge of the
Risk Management Department and involving its departments/business lines, branches, subsidiaries and all its staff, and
three lines of defense in risk management and kept optimizing such system. In 2023, the Company further improved risk
appetite management, optimized the system of risk appetite and continued to promote the management mechanism for
business development based on risk appetite. The Company continuously improved country risk management, completed
the supporting systems and processes, optimized the instruments for assessing and rating country risks, enriched the
means for identifying and monitoring country risks, and enhanced the ability to manage and control country risk limits.
The Company continuously adhered to proactive risk management, deepened industry research and assessment, adjusted
risk management strategies in line with market changes, and enhanced forward-looking risk research and judgment.
The Company continued to enlarge the range and depth of risk screening, strengthened the assessment and analysis of key
positions, promptly identified potential risks and effectively responded to them to protect assets of the Company.


In recent years, the Company has continued to increase its research on and resource contributions to information
technology regarding compliance and risk control, promoted the construction and optimization of a globally integrated
risk management system and improved the self-research level of the system. The Company strengthened the collection
and integration of internal and external risk information, continuously optimized functions such as risk identification,
measurement, monitoring, early warning and reporting to ensure effective coverage of domestic and overseas operations
under risk management and more refined management needs.


Besides, the Company is continuously exploring the application of financial technologies such as artificial intelligence and
big data in the field of risk management to promote the upgrade of digital and intelligent risk management. Relying on its big
data platform and artificial intelligence platform, the Company leveraged technical means such as knowledge mapping, data
mining and large language model to enrich the dimension and depth of customer portraits and public opinion identification
monitoring, enhance risk management foresight and data quality, and optimize the risk measurement performance with the
help of high-performance technologies such as distributed and stream-oriented computation and middleware to facilitate
management efficiency.


Structure of risk management
The Company has formed a three-level risk management system featuring collective decision by the Risk Management
Committee under the Board, the professional committees under the Operation Management, and close cooperation among
internal control departments and business departments/business lines, and managing the risks through review, decision,
execution and supervision. At the division and business line level, the Company has established three lines of defense in risk
management.



60
Level 1: The Board
The Risk Management Committee of the Board supervises the overall risk management of the Company with the aim
of controlling risks within an acceptable scope and ensuring the Company’s smooth implementation of effective risk
management schemes over risks relating to the operating activities; prepares overall risk management policies for the Board’
review; formulates strategic structure and resources to be allocated for the Company’s risk management purposes and
keeps them in line with the Company’ internal risk management policies; sets boundaries for major risk indicators; performs
supervision and review on the relevant risk management policies and makes recommendation to the Board.


Level 2: Operation Management
The Operation Management shall take the major responsibility for the effectiveness of risk management of the Company,
which includes: to formulate risk management systems; to build up and improve the comprehensive risk management
structure of the Company; to formulate the risk appetite, risk tolerance and major risk limits, regularly assess the overall risk




                                                                                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis
and various key risk management positions of the Company, address issues in risk management and report to the Board; to
build up a performance appraisal system for all employees covering the effectiveness of the risk management; to establish a
complete IT system and data quality control mechanism; and to perform other responsibilities related to risk management.


The professional committees under the Operation Management, including the Assets and Liabilities Management
Committee, the Capital Commitment Committee, the Risk Management Committee and the Product Committee, are
responsible for relevant management work within the authority delegated by the Board and the Operation Management of
the Company, respectively.


Level 3: Division/Business Lines
Being the Company’s first line of defense in risk management, front-office business departments/business lines of the
Company bear the first-line responsibility for risk management. These departments are responsible for the establishment
of business management systems and risk management systems for various businesses and performing supervision,
assessment and reporting on business risks and maintaining such risks within the approved limits.


Internal control departments, such as the Risk Management Department, Compliance Department, Legal Department, and
the Office of the Board of the Company, are the Company’s second line of defense in risk management. They exercise their
respective specialized risk management functions within the scope of their responsibilities.


The Audit Department of the Company is the third line of defense in risk management and has the overall responsibility for
internal audit, planning and implementing internal audit of all departments/business lines of the Company, its subsidiaries
and branches, monitoring the implementation of internal control systems, preventing various moral and policy risks, and
assisting the Company in the investigation of emergency events.




                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report       61
Management Discussion and Analysis



                                                    Investors’ Interest

                                                     General Meeting




                                                   Board of Directors
                                                   Risk Management                      Supervisory Committee
                                                    Committee of the
                                                   Board of Directors




                                                  Operation Management




       Assets and Liabilities          Capital Commitment         Risk Management
      Management Committee                                                                 Product Committee
                                           Committee                 Committee



           Independent Control and Supporting Departments                        Business Departments/
                                                                               Business Lines/Subsidiaries
       • Audit Department         • Compliance Department                       Head of Administration/
                                                                                 Head of Subsidiaries
                                  • Risk           • Clearing &
                                    Management       Settlement                  Internal Control Officer/
                                    Department       Department                 Internal Control Manager
                                  • Legal          • Planning and              All business unit employees
                                    Department       Finance
                                  • Office of        Department
                                    the Board      • Human
                                  • Information      Resources
                                    Technology       Department
                                    Centre         • General
                                  • Strategic        Manager’s
                                    Planning         Office
                                    Department     • Treasury
                                                     Department


      The third line of defense               The second line of defense            The first line of defense

                                    Chart: Structure of the Risk Management




62
Market risks
Market risks represent potential losses due to movement in market prices of financial positions held. Financial positions
held are derived from the proprietary investment, market-making business and other investment activities. Movements in
the financial positions held primarily originated from instructions received from the customers or the relevant strategies of
proprietary investment.


Market risks primarily include equity price risk, interest rate risk, commodity price risk and exchange rate risk.


The Company has established a top-down risk limit management system, which ensures that the overall market risk
management of the Company is within an acceptable level by allocating the overall risk limit of the Company to different
business departments/business lines, the monitoring and implementation by the internal control department, and by timely
assessing and reporting of significant risk matters.




                                                                                                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis
During business operations, the front-office business departments/business lines, as the direct bearer of market risks
and the frontline risk management team, dynamically manage the market risks arising from its positions held. The Risk
Management Department, which is independent from the business departments/business lines, assesses, monitors and
manages the risks of each business in a comprehensive manner, and reports and addresses the risk situation.


The Company adopts Value at Risk (VaR) as a major indicator of its overall market risk measurement, and evaluates the
possible losses in its proprietary positions arising from extreme situations through a series of stress tests in macro and micro
scenarios, compares its risk resistant capacities, and evaluates whether the overall market risk profile of the Company is
within an acceptable range.


The Company sets risk limits for its respective business departments/business lines to control market exposures, and
conducts daily monitoring, gives timely warning, and makes prompt response.


The Company continues to modify the risk limits system, defines unified limit management measures and a hierarchical
authorization mechanism, and adjusts the management measures for the system of risk limit indicators on various levels,
such as the Company level, the business departments/business lines level and the business segments/strategies level in
accordance with the authorization mechanism.


In respect of foreign assets and assets of subsidiaries, the Company implements centralized management. In respect of
foreign currency assets, the Company conducts overall monitoring and management on exchange rate risk, and manages
exchange risk exposure through a number of methods such as adjusting foreign currency position, using forward exchange
contract/option hedging, currency swap contracts, etc.


The Company continues to update market risk limits, enrich the indicator limit system, and promote the research and
improvement of risk measurement methods. The Group closely kept track of market and business changes, promptly
identified the latest market risk profile and maintained good communication with relevant regulatory authorities and the
Shareholders, with a view to timely controlling the exposure to market risks.




                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report      63
Management Discussion and Analysis



Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk in respect of loss arising from the failure to perform obligations by a borrower, counterparty or issuer
of financial positions held, or the result of whose credit qualifications deteriorate. The risk exposure of domestic and foreign
investments in bonds is as follows:


Credit risk exposure of investments in bonds (by domestic rating agencies)


                                                                                                                                  In RMB ten thousand

 Investment Rating                                                                                 31 December 2023                31 December 2022


 China’s Sovereign Credit Rating                                                                                8,371,728                     4,865,309
 AAA                                                                                                           12,998,032                    11,709,623
 AA                                                                                                             1,879,561                     1,240,453
 A                                                                                                                   47,291                        11,058
 A-1                                                                                                                  6,153                        23,286
 Others                                                                                                         3,193,194                     3,375,050


 Total exposure                                                                                                26,495,958                    21,224,779

Note:   AAA~A represents rating for debts with maturity over one year, of which AAA represents the highest rating; A-1 represents the highest rating for debts
        with maturity within one year; AA includes products with AA+, AA and AA-actual ratings; A includes products with A+, A and A-actual ratings; others
        refer to products with ratings below A-(excluding A-) and those without external debt ratings.


Credit risk exposure of investments in bonds (by foreign rating agencies)


                                                                                                                                  In RMB ten thousand


 Investment Rating                                                                                 31 December 2023                31 December 2022


 A                                                                                                                   87,871                        58,373
 B                                                                                                              3,520,055                     2,635,727
 C                                                                                                              1,340,370                        976,314
 D                                                                                                                    5,771                        13,967
 NR                                                                                                             1,680,508                     1,341,685


 Total exposure                                                                                                 6,634,574                     5,026,066

Note: The foreign bond rating is chosen as the lowest among the ratings granted by Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s and Fitch Ratings (if any); NR is recorded when
      no rating has been granted by any of the three agencies. Amongst the ratings, A represents products with ratings of Aaa~Aa3 by Moody’s, AAA~AA-by
      Standard & Poor’s and AAA~AA-by Fitch Ratings; B represents products with ratings of A1~Baa3 by Moody’s, A+~BBB-by Standard & Poor’s and A+~BBB-
      by Fitch Ratings; C represents products with ratings of Ba1~B3 by Moody’s and BB+~B-by Standard & Poor’s, and BB+~B-by Fitch Ratings; D represents
      products with ratings of Caa1~D by Moody’s, CCC+~D by Standard & Poor’s, and CCC+~D by Fitch Ratings.


The Group continues to maintain strict risk management standards for its securities financing business, and manages its
credit risk exposure through timely mark to market.




64
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group maintained an average margin ratio of 275% for the Group’s margin
financing and securities lending clients with outstanding liabilities; the Group’s stock repo trading business amounted to
RMB15 million, with an average performance guarantee ratio of 288%; the size of the stock-pledged repo business which
uses the Group’s proprietary fund amounted to RMB38,651 million, with an average performance guarantee ratio of 223%;
and the size of the stock-pledged repo business operated through asset management products managed by the Group
amounted to RMB11,033 million.


Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Company fails to obtain sufficient capital with reasonable cost and in a timely manner
to pay its overdue debts, perform other payment obligations or satisfy capital requirements for normal business operations.
The responsibilities for centralized management of fund allocation lie within the Company’s Treasury Department. In respect
of the domestic stock exchanges and interbank market, the Company has a relatively high credit rating, and has secured




                                                                                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis
stable channels for short-term financing, such as borrowing and repurchases. The Company has replenished its long-term
working capital through corporate bonds, subordinated bonds and beneficial certificates, so as to enable the Company to
maintain its overall liquidity at a relatively secured level.


The Risk Management Department independently monitors and assesses the asset and debt positions of the Company
over a certain period of future time span on a daily basis. It measures the solvency of the Company via the measurement
of indicators including the funding gap ratio under stress scenarios. It sets warning threshold values for liquidity risk
indicators, and reminds the Risk Management Committee, the management and relevant departments of the Company of
any indication of tension, and organizes each department to take measures to restore the indicators to a secured level. The
Company has established a liquidity reserve pool system, which is managed independently by the Treasury Department from
the Business Department, with sufficient high-liquidity assets to meet its emergency liquidity needs.


In 2023, the environment for market liquidity was relatively loose, and the Company maintained its close monitoring and
daily management on liquidity risks, to ensure that its liquidity was kept in a good condition. At the same time, the Company
strengthened the forward-looking management of liquidity regulatory indicators to ensure that the liquidity regulatory
indicators constantly meet regulatory standards.


Operational risk
Operational risk is the risk of losses to the Company arising from flawed internal processes, breakdown of information
system, fault or misconduct of staff, external factors and other reasons.


During the Reporting Period, all the established management tools of the Company were in continuous effective operation.
The Company identified, assessed, and mitigated risks through the assessment and review process on new products and
new businesses; improved its internal control procedures and prevented risks through streamlined business processes and
system function optimization; made early monitoring, warning and analysis of the daily operational risk trends in time through
key risk indicator monitoring; investigated and reported on risk cases and self-examined risk cases against peer institutions
to identify and mitigate risks in a timely manner; relied on internal control self-assessment to comprehensively identify risk
points and regularly evaluated the completeness of internal control process design and implementation effectiveness. The
Company improved employees’ awareness and ability of operational risk prevention through organizing various forms of
training, and collaboratively controlled specific risk sectors, such as information technology risks, employees’ conducts,
emergency response, procurement and outsourcing through the centralized management and information sharing
mechanism among internal control functional departments.



                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report       65
Report of the Board
Review of Business
Business review
The Group is principally engaged in investment banking, wealth management, asset management, financial markets and
other related financial services (please refer to “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this report for the Group’s principal
businesses, business models and key performance drivers during the Reporting Period).


According to the statistics from Wind Info, as of the end of 2023, the number of A-share listed companies exceeded 5,300,
and the total amount of funds raised through IPOs for the whole year of 2023 amounted to RMB350 billion. The capital
market has played a more prominent pivotal role in promoting industrial innovation and transformation and improving
people’s wealth allocation, which has promoted the high-quality development of the real economy. The securities industry
will actively integrate into the overall national development, adhere to financial services for the real economy, smooth the
virtuous cycle of science and technology, capital and real economy, and make a greater contribution to the Chinese-style
modernization. The Company strives to become the leading investment bank and investment institution to help enhance
the function of the capital market and serve the high-quality development of economy. In 2023, the Company made steady
progress in various operational and management initiatives and maintained its industry-leading position in key financial
indicators and business indicators.


The key financial indicators of the Company are set out in “Key Financial Data” of this report.

Principal risks and uncertainties
Principal risks to which the Company is exposed include market risk, credit risk, liquidity risk and operational risk. For the
objectives and policies of risk management of the Company, please refer to “Risk Management” of this report. For major
risks and uncertainties to which the Company was exposed in 2023, please refer to “Possible risks of exposure” of this
report.

Relevant laws and regulations with significant impact
Adhering to the philosophy of operating in compliance with laws and regulations for a long time, the Company complies
with the national laws, administrative regulations and various rules and normative documents promulgated by regulatory
authorities. In 2023, in accordance with regulatory provisions and business management requirements of the Company, the
Company formulated and amended a series of internal management rules to enhance its internal control and management
level and improve compliance management systems; formulated and improved business management rules and processes
to timely implement all the requirements of regulatory authorities and self-regulatory organizations in all of its business lines;
continuously strengthened the publicity and training of laws and compliance culture to enhance the awareness of active
prevention against compliance risks in the course of business operations for all the business lines. The Company achieved
overall compliance in its operation and management activities. The compliance and risk management mechanism of the
Company ran well and no material systematic compliance risks were detected.


Environmental policies and performance
The Company earnestly learned and implemented the new development concept, actively responded to the national
environmental protection and sustainable development strategy, continuously improved the environmental management
framework, and integrated the concept of environmental responsibility into daily operation and management, so as to contribute
to the construction of beautiful China. The environmental management strategy of the Company was made by the Board and
implemented by the management, with all departments and subsidiaries cooperating with each other to jointly carry out the
environmental protection measures. The Company conscientiously performed the corporate environmental responsibility, actively
promoted the concept of green operation, advocated low carbon and environmentally-friendly operation and working style, and

66
actively responded to climate change. The Company was committed to the practice of ESG concepts in the financial sector.
The Company attached great importance to playing a leading role in promoting sustainable economic growth and national
economic transformation, and boosted the promotion and practice of responsible investment and green finance to jointly realize
the economic, social and environmental benefits. The specific work is carried out as follows:


Implementing green operation
Energy conservation and carbon control
Adhering to the concept of environmental friendliness, the Company is conducting carbon control through energy-saving
and emission-reduction environmental protection measures and the use of clean energy, in a bid to reduce the impact of
its own operations on the environment. In 2023, the Company took a number of daily energy-saving and carbon-control
measures across office locations to improve energy utilization efficiency, including renovating central air-conditioning
automatic control system in the headquarters building, and renovating the cooling towers, water pumps and other
equipment and achieving a more delicate automatic control on the air-conditioning unit cooling operation, by which the
energy saving rate of air-conditioning system is expected to reach 20%; adopting air-conditioning operation by area to save
energy, based on the pipeline situation of the equipment’s water collector and separator and the temperature differences
between the high and low floors of the building, implementing air-conditioning operation by area, during the cold season, the




                                                                                                                                     Report of the Board
high area is supplied with cooling in advance, and during the heating season, the low area is supplied with heat in advance,
which let the floors with actual needs solve the problem of ambient temperatures while saving energy; rationally adjusting the
lighting time in public areas of the building through the light control system, inspecting and turning off unnecessary lighting in
office area and computer room, strengthening night patrol and inspection, and replacing the Company’s headquarters lobby
lighting with 28W/lamp LED lamps for energy-saving purpose; encouraging employees to reduce unnecessary business
travel, reducing the use of disposable supplies in the travel and the carbon emissions caused by business travel.


In 2023, by means of purchasing green power, the Company aims to achieve the annual short-term carbon reduction target
of 30% of clean energy usage in the Beijing headquarters building from 2022 to 2024, and will continue to promote its short,
medium-and long-term carbon reduction targets as planned.


In 2023, the Company’s Beijing data center put the new cooling tower into operation, which can replace the original two
cooling towers that used to run simultaneously to meet the cooling demand and is expected to save nearly RMB0.2 million
electricity costs each year.


Water conservation
The Company actively responded to the national call for water conservation, and developed and implemented water saving
and recycling plans according to the actual operation situation. The Company monitored the overall water usage in the
office buildings and took regular inspection to see if there were leaks of water in pipelines and facilities and conducted
repair in a timely manner in case of any leaks. The Company recycled the water used in the kitchen and avoided wasting
water resources by optimizing water management. The Company also remodeled the water purification system of the
headquarters building in Beijing to recycle wastewater, thereby enhancing the efficiency of water resources use.


Waste management
The Company continues to strengthen the management of various solid wastes generated during operations, strictly
abides by relevant national laws and regulations in storage, transportation, disposal and other links, prevents and controls




                                                                     CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report       67
Report of the Board



environmental pollution risks, and continuously improves the efficiency of comprehensive waste utilization. The Company’s
waste mainly consists of office and general household waste. The Company carefully selects disposal companies for various
kinds of waste to ensure that the disposal of waste is in compliance with laws and will not cause secondary impacts on the
environment.


In 2023, the Company actively implemented the “Clean Plate Campaign”, advocated food saving and waste reduction,
and established a comprehensive food saving management system by providing small-sized servings and half-servings,
providing packing services, and applying intelligent billing equipment to optimize the menu, etc.; strengthened publicity and
promotional work at the same time, carried out and encouraged the employees to participate in food saving activities, raised
the employees’ awareness and participation in food saving, and promoted the use of biodegradable and environmentally
friendly tableware. Through reducing the amount of waste in the restaurant, strengthening management in all aspects of the
procurement, processing and storage of ingredients, and reducing waste by rationalizing menus and improving the utilization
rate of ingredients, the Company’s headquarters decreased food waste by 36% year-on-year in 2023.


Paperless office
The Company has implemented the “Green Printing” initiative, advocating that employees should preferentially adopt the
“double-sided + black and white” printing methods to reduce the consumption of paper and color printing consumables.
In 2023, the Company’s toner cartridge consumption decreased by 3% year-on-year and toner consumption decreased
by 15.6% year-on-year. The Company has handed over the above waste consumables to a professional third party for
proper disposal in accordance with environmental standards. It carries out electronic operations, offers online meetings and
training, and tries to avoid the use of disposable products to reduce paper consumption and carbon emissions.


Green procurement
The Company attaches importance to the implementation of green procurement. When purchasing products and services,
the Company gives priority to equipment and materials that are reliable, energy efficient and environmentally friendly, and
requires suppliers to have ISO 14001 environmental management system certification, which is mainly reflected in:


In terms of selection of materials, the Company only chooses qualified materials that meet the national environmental
protection standards, and strictly manages the on-site inspection and acceptance testing procedures.


In terms of selection of furniture, the Company only chooses qualified products that meet the national environmental
protection standards, and prioritizes products with low-carbon emission labels in selection of main materials such as plates.


In terms of office supplies, the Company favors products with environmental protection certification, for example, FSC
certification.


Green finance
The Company is committed to practicing new development concepts in the financial field, attaches great importance to
the guiding role of financial institutions in promoting sustainable economic growth and national economic transformation,
integrates ESG concepts into various businesses, pushes forward the popularization and practice of responsible investment
and green finance, and promotes the realization of economic benefits, social benefits, and environmental benefits.




68
ESG risk management
The Company gradually incorporates ESG factors into the Company’s comprehensive risk management system. Based
on the comprehensive risk management framework and through assessment, measurement, monitoring, response, and
reporting, etc., the Company continuously strengthens the beforehand prevention, and in-process and post-event control
and management of ESG-related risks throughout the Company and in various business lines to further improve the
effectiveness of the Company’s non-financial risk control and promote the Company’s long-term sustainable development.
In 2023, under the guidance of the Environmental and Social Risk Management Framework of CITIC Securities, the
Company fully considered ESG factors in the process of investment and financing business, incorporated ESG factors in
such links as due diligence, risk assessment, and follow-up management, and continued to improve such factors. The
Company is working on incorporating ESG factors into the risk appetite indicator system, sets up an appetite indicator
linked to green bonds in the risk appetite statement for the first time, and monitors it on a quarterly basis, so as to guide
business decisions based on risk appetite.


ESG due diligence
The Company has incorporated ESG factors into the risk management process of each business, and evaluates enterprises
in terms of their fulfillment of environmental responsibility, social responsibility and corporate governance. The Company




                                                                                                                                 Report of the Board
actively supports related companies that demonstrate strict adherence to ESG responsibilities, while also rejecting
companies with significant ESG risks. During daily project review and public opinion risk monitoring, the Company places
a greater emphasis on credit risk assessments for enterprises involved in energy-intensive industries, and prioritizes its
support for industries that are encouraged by national policies. Moreover, ESG due diligence trainings are offered to relevant
business personnel and risk management personnel to improve their awareness of ESG risks and ability to manage and
mitigate those risks.


Responsible investment
In accordance with the “Responsible Investment Statement of CITIC Securities Company Limited”, the Company is
consistently enhancing its responsible investment concept, systematically promotes the promotion and implementation of
responsible investment concept at the corporate level, and contributes to the national sustainable development strategy with
practical actions. The Company considers formulating corresponding responsible investment strategies in the investment
of different asset types and different business sectors, incorporates the responsible investment concept into its own
investment decision-making system, improves the Company’s ability to withstand risks, and then seizes opportunities to
create long-term returns. In the investment process, the Company remains steadfast in its commitment to fully integrate
ESG factors into the initial screening, investment research, and risk warning and management, in respect of investment
targets. This ensures a meaningful impact on the final investment decision.


ESG product innovation
The Company is committed to developing strategic products that align with ESG themes, in order to provide customers
with a range of investment services. The first ESG/sustainable investment-themed product of the Company’s asset and
management business — CITIC Securities Fixed Income ESG Strategy No. 1 Private Collective Plan had expanded to
approximately RMB210 million by the end of 2023 and the proportion of products invested in ESG-themed securities was
not less than 80% of net worth. CITIC Securities Quantitative ESG Strategy No. 1 Private Collective Plan was established on
15 June 2023. The product constructs ESG index enhancement portfolios based on the price-volume signals of the existing
quantitative strategies and the positive exposure of ESG factors compared to the underlying indexes on the basis of strict
control and tracking of error and portfolio deviation. Among other things, the ESG factor is constructed using the ESG score
data introduced by the Company’s research department as the underlying data. The product’ excess return reached 2.95%
since its establishment and up to the end of 2023.



                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report     69
Report of the Board



In 2023, the Company continued to carry out OTC option business linked to green development goals with a number
of bank counterparties to promote and participate in green financial innovation and serve the high-quality development
of the real economy through green finance. As at the end of 2023, 796 OTC option transactions linked to “Shanghai
Clearing House Carbon-neutral Bond Index” have been concluded by the Company, with a notional principal amount
of approximately RMB78.4 billion; and more than 429 OTC option transactions linked to “CDB Green Bond” have been
concluded, with a notional principal amount of approximately RMB91.1 billion.


ESG and Responsible Investment Research
The Company conducts in-depth research in the field of responsible investment, establishing both the Company’s ESG
scoring system and ESG theme research system. It releases research and analysis reports to improve the participation
and overall level of responsible investment. The Company deepens ESG research, deeply interprets global ESG regulatory
policies, updates ESG evaluation system, and conducts research on climate investment and financing. In 2023, the
Company formally established an ESG research group on the basis of the original ESG research team, and published a
total of 38 ESG-related research reports during the year, with a core focus on the upgrading and expansion of the ESG
evaluation system, the tracking of ESG standards and policies, and the development of ESG investment and research
methodologies such as the measurement of carbon footprints and climate risks, to help asset and management institutions
fulfill their obligations of responsible investment, and realize a win-win situation for both investment performance and social
performance. The Company has formed a number of in-depth thematic research series, including ESG rating system
research series, ESG investment strategy research series, ESG enterprise service series, and ESG regular tracking series.


With the implementation of the corporate ESG service model, the Company provided listed companies with professional
ESG services, and developed new business models to support the high-quality development of the real economy. In
2023, the Company, by virtue of its industry influence and solid research foundation, provided guidance services on ESG
information disclosure and governance improvement for listed companies, and helped listed companies make disclosure
in accordance with the international and domestic authoritative ESG information disclosure standards, reconstruct internal
organizational structure to implement ESG principles, calculate the carbon emissions of business and Climate Value-at-Risk
of assets, and improve external ESG ratings. In addition, the Company applied artificial intelligence models, professional
databases and other technology to iteratively develop ESG panoramic and digital intelligence services, covering six modules
such as ESG evaluation of listed companies, ESG research on bond market, ESG analysis of asset and management
products, ESG index characteristics, tracking of ESG hotspots in the market, and ESG data marts.


The Company held and attended a number of large-scale ESG conferences and forums, and participated in the construction
of national ESG as an expert think tank, so as to spread the ESG influence of CITIC Securities. In 2023, the Company held
8 seminars on the theme of “Corporate ESG Disclosure and Governance Optimization”, and set up an ESG special session
in the 2023 Capital Market Forum and the 2024 Annual Capital Conference to introduce the Company’s ESG research
results. The Company cooperated with huanqiu.com to create “ESG Parlor” (“ESG會客廳”) series of programs to share ESG
research results on various industries and carry out the ESG public science education, with a single episode of 10 million
views. As a co-organizer, the Company supported the organization of the forum of “China’s Sustainable Investment (ESG)
and the Construction of Hainan Free Trade Port”. The Company also provided ESG-related think tank support to the
Ministry of Ecology and Environment, Beijing Municipal Commission of Development and Reform and other governmental
departments, and worked with the China Pharmaceutical Industry Association to formulate the ESG Management Standard
for Pharmaceutical Healthcare Industry (《醫藥健康行業ESG管理規範》), which was the ESG risk management and
disclosure standards for medical and health industries with Chinese characteristics.




70
Support sustainable financing
To execute the country’s major decision-making and deployment of “carbon peak and carbon neutrality”, the Company
continues to promote and participate in green financial innovation, provides enterprises with green financing solutions such
as green equity, green bonds and asset-backed securities, and employs capital allocation to steer the transformation of
industrial and energy structures towards green and low-carbon alternatives.


In 2023, the Company acted as an underwriter for a total of 150 green bonds (including carbon-neutral bonds and blue
bonds), with a combined underwriting value of RMB71.6 billion. This resulted in the fund raising of RMB377.4 billion,
securing the first place for the Company in the industry. As for overseas, the Company underwrote 40 overseas ESG bonds,
with a total fund raising of US$13.25 billion and a combined underwriting value of US$0.78 billion. The Company underwrote
the first offshore wind power REITs and the green financial bonds of the Agricultural Development Bank of China and the
long-term green corporate bonds of Three Gorges Corporation, respectively; and assisted Fujian Zhanglong Group with
the issuance of overseas blue bonds amounting to US$500 million, which was the first issuance of overseas blue bonds
by a non-financial state-owned enterprise in the country. The Company actively promoted domestic and overseas equity
financing for green industries, completed the material assets restructuring of Yangtze Power and raised supporting funds,
which has become the largest asset restructuring project of A-share listed companies since 2022; assisted Guangdong




                                                                                                                                 Report of the Board
No. 2 Hydropower Engineering Company, Ltd. with the issuance of shares to purchase assets and raise supporting funds,
and assisted JA Solar Technology Co., Ltd. with the completion of the issuance of convertible bonds of nearly RMB9 billion.


In 2023, the Company was actively involved in underwriting ESG interest rate products and successfully underwrote 6 green
policy bank financial bonds, with a total issuance amount of RMB39.0 billion and underwriting amount of RMB0.46 billion.
The Company was ranked as one of the top performers in underwriting several bonds, with the related bonds extensively
invested in climate investment and financing areas such as the construction and operation of wind power generation
facilities, the construction and operation of distributed energy projects and the recycling of waste resources, as well as the
construction and operation of freight transportation railroads and energy-saving and environmentally friendly renovation
projects of railroads.


Supporting the construction of carbon trading market
The Company took the lead to set up the professional team engaged in carbon finance in the industry. Since then, we have
provided comprehensive carbon trading and carbon finance services to emission control enterprises in sectors such as
the steel, building materials, petrochemical, chemical and non-ferrous metals, as well as the owners of emission reduction
projects in the fields such as forestry, renewable energy and methane emission reduction across the nation, to help them
reduce performance cost, obtain carbon reduction funds and realize income from carbon emission reduction, which has
been widely recognized by the market. The Company provides normalized quotation and trading services in various regional
carbon markets approved by the government, helping to improve the activity and effectiveness of the carbon market. Our
trading volume was among the top in the industry. The Company focuses on the development of innovative models and
financial instruments in the carbon market, and has conducted the first batch of carbon asset transactions in China, the
first carbon asset repurchase transaction and the first carbon asset swap transaction in China. The Company has also
created the first risk mitigation tool for pledged loans of carbon asset nationwide, which has provided financial support for
the transformation of the real economy to reduce carbon emissions. The Company continues to serve the carbon market
infrastructure construction and function mechanism improvement, facilitates the launch of carbon repurchases and land the




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report     71
Report of the Board



first transaction in Beijing, Tianjin, Shanghai, Hubei, Shenzhen, Fujian and other carbon trading pilots, and attracts more
social capital to invest in the field of carbon reduction and transformation. The Company actively promotes carbon market
industry exchanges, assists multiple governments to promote climate investment and financing pilots and enhance carbon
sink capacity, and participates in the formulation of a number of rules and standards. The Company’s innovative ability and
policy recommendations have been highly evaluated by the competent authorities, and it has been awarded many awards
such as the “Excellent Member Award” and “Excellent Transaction Performance Unit” issued by the competent units in
the carbon market. In 2023, the “comprehensive services on carbon trading and carbon finance of CITIC Securities” were
honored with the International Finance Forum’s “Global Green Finance Award — Innovation Award” for its leading innovation
capability and outstanding contribution to China’s carbon market.


Measures taken for reducing carbon emissions during the Reporting Period and the results
The carbon emissions of the Company mainly come from the consumption of electricity, gasoline, diesel and other related
energy in its daily operation. During the Reporting Period, the Company increased efforts in energy conservation and carbon
control, water conservation, waste management and paperless office, and promoted the use of renewable energy and
renewable resources, so as to reduce carbon emissions in its operation.


For other information relating to environmental policies and performance, please refer to the 2023 Social Responsibility
Report of CITIC Securities Company Limited published by the Company on 26 March 2024.


Social responsibility
 External donations and public welfare projects                                                          Quantity/content


 Total input (RMB0’000)                                                                                            5,517
   Of which: Funds (RMB0’000)                                                                                      5,107
              Funds converted from materials (RMB0’000)                                                              410
 Number of people benefited (people)                                                                              69,700

Shouldering the mission of implementing national strategies, serving the real economy, and creating greater value for
the society, the Company actively fulfilled its corporate social responsibilities from the aspects of sound operation,
sustainable finance, employee development, environmental friendliness, and giving back to society. Throughout 2023, the
Company remained dedicated to implementing the new development concept, promoting sustainable financial growth,
taking proactive measures to address climate change, supporting employee development, steadily advancing business
development, prioritizing the well-being of people, and generating value for customers, Shareholders, employees, society,
and other stakeholders.


The Company has established and has been continuously improving its social responsibility management structure by
integrating the concept of social responsibility into every aspect of daily operation and management. It has continuously
promoted the integration of the concept of social responsibility with business development to ensure the implementation
of social responsibility initiatives. The Company’s social responsibility management strategy was made by the Board, and
coordinated and implemented by the management, with all departments and subsidiaries cooperating with each other to
jointly carry out and promote social responsibility initiatives. In 2023, the Company’s MSCI ESG rating was upgraded to A.




72
For details of the related work, please refer to the 2023 Social Responsibility Report of CITIC Securities Company Limited
published by the Company on 26 March 2024.


Significant subsequent events
Since the end of the Reporting Period to the date of publication of this report, save as those disclosed in “Other Significant
Events and Subsequent Events” and Note 61 “Events After the Reporting Period” to the Financial Statements as set out in
this report, there was no other subsequent event which had a material impact on the Group.


Future development/prospects
Please refer to “Development strategy of the Company” and “Business plan” of this report on the Company’s future
development prospects.


Profit Distribution and Proposed Dividend
Profit distribution policy
The Articles of Association of the Company specifies the decision-making procedures and mechanisms for profit distribution
plans, especially the cash dividend plans, and clarifies that priority is given to cash dividend in profit distribution, and




                                                                                                                                 Report of the Board
stipulated that “the Company shall ensure that the annual profit distribution scale is not less than 20% of the net profit
attributable to shareholders of the parent Company for that year”.


The formulation and revision of the Company’s profit distribution policy are transparent and compliant, and comply with
the Articles of Association and the discussion procedures of the Company. The standards and proportions of dividends are
clear and unambiguous, and decision-making procedures and mechanisms are well established.


On 28 June 2023, the 2022 Annual General Meeting of the Company considered and approved the profit distribution plan
for 2022, namely: cash dividend of RMB4.90 (tax inclusive) for every 10 shares, which was implemented on 25 August
2023. The cash dividend distributed accounted for 34.88% of the net profit attributable to ordinary Shareholders of listed
company in the consolidated statement of 2022, which was in compliance with the relevant provisions of the Regulatory
Guidelines for Listed Companies No. 3 — Cash Dividend of Listed Companies (2023 Revision) (《上市公司監管指引第3
號 — 上市公司現金分紅(2023年修訂)》) issued by the CSRC, the Self-regulatory Guidelines for Listed Companies on the
Shanghai Stock Exchange No. 1 — Standardized Operation (《上海證券交易所上市公司自律監管指引第1號 — 規範運作》)
and the Articles of Association of the Company. The independent non-executive Directors of the Company have given their
independent opinions on the profit distribution plan of the Company for 2022, which they consider is beneficial to the long-
term development of the Company and in line with the overall interests and long-term interests of Shareholders.




                                                                     CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   73
Report of the Board



Profit distribution plans in 2023:
In consideration of composite factors such as the future development of the Company and the interests of the Shareholders,
the Company proposes the profit distribution plan of 2023 as follows:


1.   The Company proposes to adopt cash dividend payment method for its 2023 profit distribution (i.e. 100% cash
     dividend) and distribute a dividend of RMB4.75 (tax inclusive) for every 10 Shares to the A Shareholders and
     H Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on the record date for the
     distribution of the 2023 cash dividend. Based on the total number of issued Shares of the Company as at the end of
     2023, i.e. 14,820,546,829 Shares, the cash dividend proposed to be distributed totals RMB7,039,759,743.78 (tax
     inclusive), representing 36.67% of the net profit attributable to Shareholders of ordinary Shares of the Company as
     shown in the 2023 consolidated financial statements. In the event of change in total number of issued Shares of the
     Company after the date of the abovementioned Board meeting but before the record date for payment of the cash
     dividend, the total distribution amount shall remain unchanged while the distribution amount per Share will be adjusted
     accordingly. The outstanding balance of the retained profit available for distribution for 2023 will be carried forward to
     the next year.


2.   Cash dividend is denominated and declared in RMB and payable in RMB to the A Shareholders and in HKD to the
     H Shareholders. The actual amounts to be paid in HKD will be calculated based on the average benchmark exchange
     rate for RMB to HKD as announced by the People’s Bank of China for the five business days before the date of the
     2023 Annual General Meeting of the Company.


After the 2023 profit distribution plan being approved by the 2023 Annual General Meeting of the Company, payment of the
2023 cash dividend will be made before 31 August 2024. The Company will publish separate announcement on the record
date and the book closure period for the payment of the dividends in relation to H Shares, as well as the record date and the
date for the payment of the dividends in relation to A Shares.


Tax Deduction and Exemption
A Shareholders
Pursuant to Notice on Issues Concerning the Implementation of Differentiated Individual Income Tax Policies on Dividends
and Bonuses of Listed Companies (Cai Shui [2012] No. 85) and Notice on Issues Concerning Differentiated Individual
Income Tax Policies on Dividends and Bonuses of Listed Companies (Cai Shui [2015] No. 101) issued by the Ministry of
Finance, the State Administration of Taxation and the CSRC, for dividends obtained from listed companies by individual
investors, if the holding period between the date of obtaining the Company’s Shares by the individual investor and the
record date is more than one year, individual income tax shall be exempted; if the holding period between the date of
obtaining the Company’s Shares by the individual investor and the record date is less than one year (inclusive), listed
companies temporarily are not required, in respect of their individual income tax, to pay withholding tax, subject to
corresponding adjustment to be made in accordance with the aforementioned Notices at the time when the individual
investors transferred their respective Shares.


For Shareholders who are resident enterprises, the income tax on their cash dividends shall be payable by themselves.




74
For Qualified Foreign Institutional Investors (QFII), listed companies are required to withhold and pay enterprise income tax
at a rate of 10% pursuant to the requirements of the Notice Concerning the Relevant Questions on the Withholding and
Payment of Enterprise Income Tax Relating to the Payment of Dividends, Bonus and Interest by PRC Resident Enterprises
to QFII of the State Administration of Taxation (Guo Shui Han [2009] No. 47). Shareholders who are QFII and who wish to
enjoy the treatment of tax treaties (arrangements) shall apply to the competent taxation authority for tax rebates according to
the relevant rules and regulations after they receive the dividends.


Pursuant to the requirements of the Notice of the Ministry of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation, and the CSRC
on Taxation Policies Concerning the Pilot Program of an Interconnection Mechanism for Transactions in the Shanghai and
Hong Kong Stock Markets (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81), for dividends derived by investors (including enterprise and individual
investors) in the Hong Kong market from investing in A shares listed on SSE, and prior to Hong Kong Securities Clearing
Company Limited is able to furnish the identity, holding period and other detailed data of investors in the Hong Kong market
to CSDC, the differentiated tax policy based on the holding period of shares will temporarily not be implemented. Listed
companies shall withhold income tax at a tax rate of 10% and make withholding and payment filings with their competent
tax authorities. For those investors in Hong Kong who are tax residents of other countries and the income tax rate
applicable to dividends is lower than 10% under the tax treaties between China and their residence countries, enterprises




                                                                                                                                     Report of the Board
or individuals may by themselves or ask the withholding and payment agent to act on their behalf to apply to the competent
tax authorities of the listed companies for the application of preferential treatment under the tax treaties. With the approval of
the competent tax authorities, the difference between the tax paid and the payable tax calculated at the rate as prescribed
under the corresponding tax treaty shall be refunded.


H Shareholders
Pursuant to the requirements of the Notice of the State Administration of Taxation on Issues Concerning Individual
Income Tax Collection and Management after the Repeal of Guo Shui Fa [1993] No. 045 (Guo Shui Han [2011] No. 348),
the dividends received by overseas resident individual shareholders from the shares issued by domestic non foreign-
invested enterprises in Hong Kong are subject to the payment of individual income tax according to the items of “interests,
dividend and bonus income”, which shall be withheld and paid by the withholding and payment agents according to the
relevant laws. The overseas resident individual shareholders who hold the shares issued by domestic non foreign-invested
enterprises in Hong Kong are entitled to the relevant preferential tax treatment pursuant to the provisions in the tax
agreements signed between the countries where they are residents and China or the tax arrangements between Mainland
and Hong Kong (Macau). The relevant dividend tax rate under the relevant tax agreements and tax arrangements is generally
10%, and for the purpose of simplifying tax collection and administration, domestic non foreign-invested enterprises issuing
shares in Hong Kong may, when distributing dividend, generally withhold and pay individual income tax at the rate of 10%,
and are not obligated to file an application.


Pursuant to the requirements of the Notice on the Issues Concerning Withholding and Paying the Enterprise Income Tax on
the Dividends Paid by Chinese Resident Enterprises to H Shareholders Which Are Overseas Non-resident Enterprises (Guo
Shui Han [2008] No. 897) of the State Administration of Taxation, a PRC resident enterprise, when distributing dividends for
the year 2008 and the years thereafter to H Shareholders which are overseas non-resident enterprises, shall be subject to
enterprise income tax withheld and paid at a uniform rate of 10%.


Pursuant to the requirements of the Notice of Ministry of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation, and the CSRC on
Taxation Policies Concerning the Pilot Program of an Interconnection Mechanism for Transactions in the Shanghai and
Hong Kong Stock Markets (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81) and Notice on Taxation Policy Concerning the Pilot Program of an



                                                                       CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report     75
Report of the Board



Interconnection Mechanism for Transactions in the Shenzhen and Hong Kong Stock Markets (Cai Shui [2016] No. 127),
for dividends derived by Mainland individual investors from investing in H shares listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
through Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect, H-share companies shall withhold
individual income tax at a tax rate of 20% for the investors. For dividends derived by Mainland securities investment funds
from investing in shares listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange through Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen
Hong Kong Stock Connect, the above rules also apply and individual income tax shall be levied on dividends derived
therefrom. For dividends derived by Mainland enterprise investors from investing in shares listed on Hong Kong Stock
Exchange through Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect, the company of such
H shares will not withhold the income tax of dividends for domestic enterprise investors and those domestic enterprise
investors shall report and pay the relevant tax themselves. For dividends derived by Mainland resident enterprises where the
relevant H shares have been continuously held for more than 12 months, the enterprise income tax thereon will be exempt
according to the laws and regulations.


Shareholders of the Company are taxed and/or enjoy tax relief in accordance with the aforementioned regulations.


Use of Proceeds
Public issuance of shares by way of the rights issue
The Company shall deposit, use and manage the proceeds in accordance with the Administrative Measures on the Use of
Proceeds by CITIC Securities Company Limited (《中信証券股份有限公司募集資金使用管理辦法》), Tripartite Regulatory
Agreement on the Deposit of Proceeds into Special Accounts (《募集資金專戶存儲三方監管協議》) and relevant laws and
regulations. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the proceeds from A+H Share rights issuance (the net proceeds from
the rights issue of the Company to existing A Shareholders amounted to approximately RMB22.318 billion, and the net
proceeds from H Shareholders amounted to approximately HK$5.976 billion, equivalent to approximately RMB4.839 billion)
of the Company in 2022, among which approximately RMB18.155 billion equivalent was used for the development of
flow-based business; RMB5 billion equivalent was used for the increase in investments to the subsidiaries; approximately
RMB2.999 billion equivalent was used for the strengthening of the construction of the information system; RMB1 billion
equivalent was used for the replenishment of other working capital; the unutilised amount was RMB519.72, which were
used in line with commitments in the prospectus and the Company’s announcements.




76
                                                                                                                                                                      (In RMB0’000)


                                                                                                                              Accumulated        Process of
                                                                                                                                investment     accumulated
                                                                                      Net          Total                      amounts out        investment                       Proportion
                                                                 Of which:      proceeds       promised     Total promised     of proceeds          as of the                           of the
                                                               the amount            after   investment         investment         as of the      end of the     Investment      investment
                                The time of                     of the over    deduction        amounts     amounts out of       end of the       Reporting         amount       amount for
                              receiving the          Total    subscription    of issuance         out of     proceeds after      Reporting        Period (%)          for the   the year (%)
 Source of proceeds               proceeds       proceeds        proceeds       expenses       proceeds     adjustments (1)       Period (2)       (3)=(2)/(1)       year (4)       (5)=(4)/(1)

 Proceeds from the                27 January   2,239,567.23            0.00   2,231,819.57   2,231,819.57      2,231,819.57    2,231,819.52               100     148,677.72              6.66
   A-Share Rights Issue                2022
 Proceeds from the             4 March 2022     488,917.92       23,031.12     483,877.63     483,877.63         483,877.63      483,727.37             99.97         658.85              0.14
   H-Share Rights Issue


 Total                                     /   2,728,485.15      23,031.12    2,715,697.20   2,715,697.20      2,715,697.20    2,715,546.89             99.99     149,336.57              5.50

Note:       The proceeds from H Shares rights issue have been fully utilized for the development of flow-based business by 31 December 2023. The difference
            between the actual investment amount and the promised investment amount is caused by the fluctuation of the Hong Kong dollar exchange rate
            between the date of actual use and the verification date of the funds




                                                                                                                                                                                                  Report of the Board




                                                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report                                       77
Report of the Board



                                                                                                                                                                              (In RMB0’000)


                                                                                                                                                       Process of
                                                                                                                                                     accumulated
                                                                                                Total                               Accumulated        investment                Whether
                                                                                Whether    promised                                   investment          as of the            process of
                                     Whether                                        over investment Total proceeds                     amount as        end of the            investment
                                         the                    The time of subscription amounts out    investment Investment       of the end of       Reporting                is in line
 Name of                            change is       Source of receiving the    proceeds    of project         after amount for         the Report       Period (%) Closed       with plan Amount
 project          Nature of project involved        proceeds      proceeds         used    proceeds adjustments (1)   the year          Period (2)       (3)=(2)/(1) or not       process of savings


 A+H Share         the development        No    Proceeds from 27 January 2022      Yes   1,815,697.20   1,815,697.20      678.43     1,815,546.95           99.99      Yes           Yes        0.00
   Rights Issue       of flow-based                the A+H      4 March 2022
                      business                     Share Rights
                                                   Issue

 A Share Rights the increase in           No     Proceeds from     27 January       No     500,000.00    500,000.00    100,000.00      500,000.00             100      Yes           Yes        0.00
   Issue           investments to                  the A-Share          2022
                   the subsidiaries                Rights Issue

 A Share Rights the strengthening         No     Proceeds from     27 January       No     300,000.00    300,000.00     48,658.15      299,999.95             100       No           Yes        0.05
   Issue           of the                          the A-Share          2022
                   construction of                 Rights Issue
                   the information
                   system

 A Share Rights the replenishment         No     Proceeds from     27 January       No     100,000.00    100,000.00          0.00      100,000.00             100      Yes           Yes        0.00
   Issue           of other                        the A-Share          2022
                   working capital                 Rights Issue



 Total             /                        /                /              /        /   2,715,697.20   2,715,697.20   149,336.58    2,715,546.90           99.99         /            /        0.05

Note 1: All the raised funds for the development of fund intermediary business have been used up. The difference between the actual investment amount and
         the promised investment amount is caused by the fluctuation of Hong Kong dollar exchange rate between the date of actual use and the verification
         date of H-share raised funds.


Note 2: Due to rounding, there are differences between the total amounts in this table and the above table.




78
Bond issuance
During the Reporting Period, the Company publicly issued sixteen tranches of corporate bonds with an aggregate issuance
amount of RMB65 billion, publicly issued thirteen tranches of short-term corporate bonds with an aggregate issuance
amount of RMB54 billion, publicly issued one tranche of subordinated bonds with an issuance amount of RMB2 billion and
publicly issued one tranche of perpetual subordinated bonds with an issuance amount of RMB3 billion to replenish working/
liquid capital of the Company or repay debt financing instruments; the Company issued 3,583 tranches of beneficiary
certificates with an aggregate issuance amount of RMB141.516 billion to replenish working capital of the Company.


In accordance with the relevant requirements of the Administrative Measures for the Issuance and Transactions of Corporate
Bonds, the Company established special accounts for the proceeds from issuance of each tranche of corporate bonds,
subordinated bonds and perpetual subordinated bonds for the collection, storage and transfer of proceeds, and the
collection and management of the payment of interest and redemption of principal.


As at the end of the Reporting Period, proceeds of each tranche of bonds were used up and were used in line with the
purpose, usage plan and other agreements in the offering circulars.




                                                                                                                                 Report of the Board
Please refer to “Issuance and Listing of Securities” of this report for details about the shares and debentures issued by the
Company during the Reporting Period.


Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Securities
During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s
listed securities.


The Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
Please refer to “Changes in the Shares held by and information on remuneration of Directors, Supervisors and Senior
Management who held office or resigned during the Reporting Period” of this report for the list of the Company’s Directors
during the Reporting Period and from the end of the Reporting Period to the date of publication of this report.


Please refer to “Changes of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” of this report for the details of the resignation of
the Directors during the Reporting Period.


Biographical details of the Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management are set out in “Major working experience of the
incumbent Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” of this report.


Directors’ and Supervisors’ Service Contracts
The Directors’ Service Contracts and the Supervisors’ Service Contracts were entered into by the Company with each of
the Directors of the Board and each of the Supervisors of the Supervisory Committee. The Directors’ Service Contracts and
the Supervisors’ Service Contracts set out provisions regarding the Directors’ and the Supervisors’ appointments, terms of
office, duties, remuneration and expenses, non-competition, confidentiality obligations, termination of appointments, breach
of contract and arbitration, etc. The term of office of the Directors and the Supervisors commenced from the date of election
at a general meeting of the Company until the expiry date of the term of office of the Board and the Supervisory Committee.
Where the regulatory authority of the place where the Company’s shares are listed has other provisions on the term of office
of the independent non-executive Directors, such provisions shall prevail.




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report     79
Report of the Board



In addition, none of the Directors or Supervisors entered into a service agreement with the Company or its subsidiaries
which could not be terminated within one year without paying compensation (other than statutory compensation).

Permitted Indemnity Provisions
In 2023 and when the Report of the Board of this report is approved, no permitted indemnity provision (whether made by
the Company or otherwise) was made or in force for the benefit of the Directors or former Directors of the Company or any
directors or former directors of the associated companies of the Company (if made by the Company).

The Company has purchased insurance for the Directors against legal liabilities arising from performance of their duties.
The governing law of relevant insurance policies was PRC law. The Company reviews the coverage of the director’s liability
insurance each year. In 2023, there were no claims for compensation against the Directors and Senior Management.

Management Contracts
During the Reporting Period, no management or administrative contracts were entered into or subsisting in respect of the
whole or a substantial part of any business of the Company.

Remuneration Policies
The details of remuneration policies and share incentive scheme in respect of the Directors, Supervisors and Senior
Management are set out in “Remuneration of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management for the year” and “Share
incentives regarding Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” of this report.

Details of the Company’s employee remuneration policies and employee compensations are set out in “Remuneration
policy” and Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this report.

Directors’ and Supervisors’ Interests in Material Contracts
The Company or its subsidiaries did not enter into any transaction, arrangement or contract of significance in which the
Directors or Supervisors had a material interest during the Reporting Period, whether directly or indirectly.

Directors’ Interests in Businesses Competing with the Company
None of the Directors has interests in any business which competes with businesses of the Company.

Directors’, Supervisors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company or its Associated Corporations
As at 31 December 2023, the following persons had interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares and
debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (as defined in Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance),
which were required, pursuant to Section 352 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, to be entered into the register referred
to therein, or required, pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers set out in Appendix
C3 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange as follows.

                                                                                                               Percentage of
                                                                                                             Total Number of
                                                                                                  Number of    Issued Shares
                                                   Nature of               Class of              Shares Held of the Company
 Name                 Position                     Interest                Shares                   (shares)             (%)


 ZHANG Youjun         Chairman and Executive       Beneficial owner        A Shares                       430          0.000003
                       Director




80
Pursuant to the Securities and Futures Ordinance, the chief executive who was required to disclose his interests to the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange was the General Manager and did not include other Senior Management personnel. For details of the
shareholdings of other Senior Management, please refer to “Changes in the Shares held by and information on remuneration
of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management who held office or resigned during the Reporting Period” of this report. In
addition, as of 31 December 2023, no other Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management or their respective spouses or
children under 18 years of age had been granted equity securities or warrants of the Company.


Pre-emptive Rights
The Company was incorporated in accordance with the PRC laws with no arrangement regarding pre-emptive rights.


Reserves and Reserves for Distributable Profits
Please refer to the “Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity” and Note 51 to the Consolidated Financial Statements of
this report for details of changes in the reserves and the reserves for distributable profits of the Company.


Fixed Assets
Please refer to Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this report for details of the Group’s fixed assets as at




                                                                                                                                Report of the Board
31 December 2023.


Major Clients and Suppliers
The Company serves institutional and individual clients in various sectors. The Company’s clients range from multinational
corporations and SMEs to high-net-worth clients and retail customers. The clients are primarily located in China. The
Company expects to serve more overseas clients as the Company taps into overseas market in the future. In 2023, the
revenue from rendering services attributable to the Group’s five largest clients accounted for less than 30% of the total
revenue of the Group.


Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors, Supervisors, their respective close associates and Shareholders holding
more than 5% of the issued share capital of the Company has any interests in any of the five largest clients of the Company
in 2023. The Company has no major supplier due to the nature of its business.


Relationship with Employees, Clients and Suppliers
Employees’ remuneration of the Company consists of base annual salary, performance-based annual salary, special rewards
and insurance benefits. The Company continues to promote and implement staff training programs with comprehensive
planning, implementation by levels and clear purposes. For details about the remuneration and training plans for employees
of the Company, please refer to “Number and composition of staff”, “Remuneration policy” and “Training program” of this
report. CSI’s subsidiaries had 84 brokers. For information on relationship between the Group and its securities brokers,
please refer to “Information on brokers” of this report. For information on relationship between the Group and its major
clients and suppliers, please refer to “Major Clients and Suppliers” of this report.




                                                                     CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   81
Report of the Board



Sufficient Public Float
At the time of listing of the H Shares, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange granted a waiver to the Company, accepting the
minimum public float of the Company for the H Shares to be the higher of: (i) 10% of the total issued Shares; or (ii) the
percentage of H Shares held by the public immediately after the completion of the global offering (including the H Shares
issued pursuant to the exercise of the over-allotment option and the transfer and conversion of the relevant State-owned
shares into H Shares pursuant to the PRC regulations on reduction of State-owned shares). Upon the completion of the
global offering and based on the minimum public float granted by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the minimum public float
of the Company for the H Shares is 10.70%.


As at the date of this report, based on the information available to the public and the knowledge of the Directors, the public
float of the Company is in compliance with Rule 8.08 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and the requirements for minimum
public float as set out in the waiver granted by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange at the time of listing.


Donations
During the Reporting Period, the Group’s charitable and other donations amounted to approximately RMB55.1707 million
in total.


Other sections, chapters or notes of this report as mentioned in this section (Report of the Board) shall constitute part of the
Report of the Board.



                                                                                                         By Order of the Board
                                                                                                              ZHANG Youjun
                                                                                                                     Chairman




                                                                                                       Beijing, 26 March 2024




82
Significant Events
Performance of Undertakings
Undertakings of the de facto controller, Shareholders, related parties, acquirer of the Company and the Company made or
subsisting during the Reporting Period


Undertakings of Shareholders and related/connected parties and performance thereof


                                                                                                                        Term of            Whether timely   Description of         Description of plans
 Background of    Type of       Undertaking                                                Time of       Any term for   validity of        and strictly     specific reasons if    for next steps if not
 undertaking      undertaking   party              Contents of undertaking                 undertaking   performance    undertaking        performed        not performed timely   performed timely

 Undertaking in   Shares        CITIC Group.       Not to transfer its Shares within       July 2005     No             The undertaking    Yes              N/A                    N/A
 respect of the   subject       Since CITIC        12 months from the date of listing                                   shall remain
 share reform     to trading    Group has          of the Shares of the Company or                                      in force for
                  moratorium    transferred all    upon expiry of the non-transfer                                      a long term
                                the Shares held    undertaking, whenever it transfers                                   commencing
                                by it to CITIC     through the stock exchange any                                       from the
                                Corporation        Shares of the Company amounting                                      Company’s
                                Limited,           to 1% of total issued Shares of the                                  implementation
                                the above          Company, it shall announce within                                    of the share
                                undertaking        two working days of such transfer;                                   reform in 2005.
                                is taken up        in addition, any such transfers shall




                                                                                                                                                                                                           Significant Events
                                by CITIC           not exceed 5% of the total issued
                                Corporation        Shares of the Company within the
                                Limited.           12-month period and not exceed
                                                   10% within the 24-month period.

                  Shares        CITIC Financial Whenever it transfers through              August 2023   No             The undertaking    Yes              N/A                    N/A
                  subject       Holdings. Since the stock exchange the shares                                           shall remain
                  to trading    CITIC Corporation amounting to 1% of total issued                                       in force for
                  moratorium    Limited has        Shares of the Company, it shall                                      a long term
                                transferred all    announce within two working                                          commencing
                                the Shares held days of such transfer; Whenever                                         from the date of
                                by it to CITIC     it transfers through the stock                                       issuance.
                                Financial Holdings exchange the shares shall not
                                (hereinafter       exceed 5% of the total issued
                                referred to as     Shares of the Company within the
                                the shares), the 12-month period and not exceed
                                above undertaking 10% within the 24-month period.
                                shall be re-issued
                                and continued to
                                be performed by
                                CITIC Financial
                                Holdings.




                                                                                                              CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report                                83
Significant Events



                                                                                                                        Term of              Whether timely   Description of         Description of plans
Background of       Type of       Undertaking                                              Time of       Any term for   validity of          and strictly     specific reasons if    for next steps if not
undertaking         undertaking   party             Contents of undertaking                undertaking   performance    undertaking          performed        not performed timely   performed timely

Undertakings in the Others        CITIC Financial   1. Maintaining the business            June 2022     No             The undertaking      Yes              N/A                    N/A
report on changes                 Holdings             independence of the Company                                      shall remain
in equity
                                                                                                                        in force for
                                                       CITIC Financial Holdings wil
                                                                                                                        a long term
                                                       not unlawful y interfere with the
                                                                                                                        commencing
                                                       normal operating activities of
                                                       the Company. CITIC Financial                                     from the date of
                                                       Holdings wil minimize the related                                CITIC Financial
                                                       party transactions between                                       Holdings’
                                                       CITIC Financial Holdings and                                     acquisition of the
                                                       other enterprises control ed by                                  equity interest of
                                                       CITIC Financial Holdings and the                                 the Company in
                                                       Company; in case of an inevitable
                                                                                                                        2023.
                                                       related party transaction, an
                                                       agreement shal be signed in
                                                       accordance with the law and
                                                       necessary procedures shal be
                                                       performed in accordance with
                                                       relevant laws and regulations.


                                                    2. Maintaining the asset
                                                       independence of the Company

                                                       CITIC Financial Holdings will
                                                       not misappropriate, in violation
                                                       of regulations, the assets,
                                                       funds and other resources of
                                                       the Company or its controlled
                                                       enterprises through CITIC
                                                       Financial Holdings itself or its
                                                       controlled affiliates.

                                                    3. Maintaining the personnel
                                                       independence of the Company

                                                       CITIC Financial Holdings
                                                       wil continue to maintain
                                                       the independence of the
                                                       Company’s senior management
                                                       and financial staff. CITIC
                                                       Financial Holdings wil ensure
                                                       and maintain the integrity of the
                                                       Company’s labor, personnel,
                                                       salary and social security
                                                       management system.


84
                                                                                                               Term of       Whether timely   Description of         Description of plans
Background of   Type of       Undertaking                                         Time of       Any term for   validity of   and strictly     specific reasons if    for next steps if not
undertaking     undertaking   party         Contents of undertaking               undertaking   performance    undertaking   performed        not performed timely   performed timely

                                            4. Maintaining the financial
                                               independence of the Company

                                               CITIC Financial Holdings will
                                               warrant the independence
                                               of the financial accounting
                                               department of the Company
                                               and its establishment of an
                                               independent accounting system
                                               and financial management
                                               system, and will set up
                                               an independent financial
                                               department to be responsible
                                               for the specific operations
                                               of relevant businesses. The
                                               Company maintains segregated
                                               bank accounts, and does not
                                               share the bank accounts with




                                                                                                                                                                                             Significant Events
                                               CITIC Financial Holdings and
                                               other enterprises controlled by
                                               CITIC Financial Holdings. The
                                               financial staff of the Company
                                               do not hold part-time positions
                                               in CITIC Financial Holdings and
                                               other enterprises controlled
                                               by CITIC Financial Holdings.
                                               The Company pays taxes
                                               independently in accordance
                                               with the law. The Company
                                               will make independent financial
                                               decisions, and CITIC Financial
                                               Holdings will not interfere with
                                               the capital use of the Company
                                               in violation of laws and
                                               regulations.




                                                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report                             85
Significant Events



                                                                                                               Term of       Whether timely   Description of         Description of plans
 Background of   Type of       Undertaking                                        Time of       Any term for   validity of   and strictly     specific reasons if    for next steps if not
 undertaking     undertaking   party         Contents of undertaking              undertaking   performance    undertaking   performed        not performed timely   performed timely

                                             5. Maintaining the institutional
                                                independence of the Company

                                                CITIC Financial Holdings will
                                                ensure that the Company
                                                will operate independently
                                                from the institutions of
                                                CITIC Financial Holdings
                                                and other enterprises
                                                controlled by CITIC Financial
                                                Holdings. CITIC Financial
                                                Holdings warrants that the
                                                Company can maintain a
                                                sound corporate governance
                                                structure as a joint stock
                                                company. The general
                                                meeting, the Board, the
                                                Supervisory Committee and
                                                functional departments of
                                                the Company all exercise
                                                their functions and powers
                                                independently in accordance
                                                with laws, regulations and
                                                the Articles of Association of
                                                the Company, and there is
                                                no institutional confusion with
                                                the functional departments of
                                                other enterprises controlled
                                                by CITIC Financial Holdings.
                                                CITIC Financial Holdings shall
                                                be liable for compensation for
                                                any loss caused to the listed
                                                company as a result of its
                                                failure to perform the above-
                                                mentioned undertakings.




86
                                                                                                                  Term of           Whether timely   Description of         Description of plans
Background of   Type of       Undertaking                                            Time of       Any term for   validity of       and strictly     specific reasons if    for next steps if not
undertaking     undertaking   party             Contents of undertaking              undertaking   performance    undertaking       performed        not performed timely   performed timely

                Resolving     CITIC Financial   1. CITIC Financial Holdings and      June 2022     No             The               Yes              N/A                    N/A
                horizontal    Holdings             the enterprises controlled                                     undertaking
                competition                        by CITIC Financial Holdings                                    shall remain
                                                   will not, in any manner,                                       in force for
                                                   directly or indirectly engage                                  a long term
                                                   in any business or operating                                   commencing
                                                   activity that is in substantial                                from the
                                                   competition with the principal                                 date of CITIC
                                                   business engaged in by                                         Financial
                                                   the listed company and its                                     Holdings’
                                                   subsidiaries.                                                  acquisition
                                                                                                                  of the equity
                                                                                                                  interest of the
                                                                                                                  Company in
                                                                                                                  2023.

                                                2. CITIC Financial Holdings
                                                   will not use its position as



                                                                                                                                                                                                    Significant Events
                                                   the largest Shareholder of
                                                   the listed company to seek
                                                   illegitimate interests or to
                                                   jeopardize the interests of
                                                   the listed company and
                                                   its minority Shareholders.
                                                   The above-mentioned
                                                   undertakings shall remain
                                                   in force during the period
                                                   in which CITIC Financial
                                                   Holdings is the largest
                                                   Shareholder of the listed
                                                   company. CITIC Financial
                                                   Holdings shall be liable for
                                                   compensation for any loss
                                                   caused to the listed company
                                                   as a result of its failure to
                                                   perform the above-mentioned
                                                   undertakings.




                                                                                                        CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report                               87
Significant Events



                                                                                                                     Term of           Whether timely   Description of         Description of plans
Background of   Type of         Undertaking                                             Time of       Any term for   validity of       and strictly     specific reasons if    for next steps if not
undertaking     undertaking     party             Contents of undertaking               undertaking   performance    undertaking       performed        not performed timely   performed timely

                Resolving       CITIC Financial   1. CITIC Financial Holdings and       June 2022     No             The               Yes              N/A                    N/A
                related party   Holdings             its controlled enterprises will                                 undertaking
                transactions                         continue to regulate related                                    shall remain
                                                     party transactions with the                                     in force for
                                                     Company and its subsidiaries                                    a long term
                                                     in accordance with relevant                                     commencing
                                                     laws and regulations and the                                    from the
                                                     Administrative Measures on                                      date of CITIC
                                                     Related Party Transactions                                      Financial
                                                     of the Company. In the event                                    Holdings’
                                                     of necessary and inevitable                                     acquisition
                                                     related party transactions,                                     of the equity
                                                     CITIC Financial Holdings and                                    interest of the
                                                     its controlled enterprises                                      Company in
                                                     will enter into agreements                                      2023.
                                                     with the Company and its
                                                     subsidiaries in accordance
                                                     with the principles of fairness,
                                                     impartiality and openness
                                                     and the law, and perform
                                                     legal procedures to ensure
                                                     the fairness of the prices of
                                                     related party transactions.




88
                                                                                                                   Term of            Whether timely   Description of         Description of plans
Background of    Type of       Undertaking                                            Time of       Any term for   validity of        and strictly     specific reasons if    for next steps if not
undertaking      undertaking   party             Contents of undertaking              undertaking   performance    undertaking        performed        not performed timely   performed timely

                                                 2. CITIC Financial Holdings
                                                    warrants that it will exercise
                                                    relevant Shareholders’ rights
                                                    and assume corresponding
                                                    obligations in accordance
                                                    with relevant laws and
                                                    regulations and the Articles of
                                                    Association of the Company
                                                    and other requirements in
                                                    relation to internal control
                                                    system. It will not use its
                                                    position as a Shareholder to
                                                    seek illegitimate interests,
                                                    or illegally transfer funds
                                                    and profits of the Company
                                                    and its subsidiaries through
                                                    related party transactions,
                                                    or maliciously jeopardize the
                                                    legitimate rights and interests



                                                                                                                                                                                                      Significant Events
                                                    of other Shareholders of the
                                                    Company by means of related
                                                    party transactions. CITIC
                                                    Financial Holdings shall be
                                                    liable for compensation for
                                                    any loss caused to the listed
                                                    company as a result of its
                                                    failure to perform the above-
                                                    mentioned undertakings.

Undertaking in   Resolving     CITIC Group.        Undertaking that there did not     December      No             The                Yes              N/A                    N/A
respect of IPO   horizontal    Since CITIC         exist and it will not establish    2002                         undertaking
                 competition   Group has           any new companies engaging                                      shall remain
                               transferred all     in securities business. In                                      in force for
                               the Shares of       respect of those businesses                                     a long term
                               the Company         which are the same or similar                                   commencing
                               held by it          as the securities company                                       from the initial
                               to CITIC            engaged by banking and trust                                    public offering
                               Corporation         investment businesses, our                                      of A Shares of
                               Limited,            Company can make adequate                                       the Company
                               the above           disclosure of such business;                                    in 2002.
                               undertaking         undertaking that it will not
                               is taken up         misuse its Shareholder position
                               by CITIC            to act to the detriment of
                               Corporation         interests of the Company and
                               Limited.            other Shareholders.



                                                                                                         CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report                                89
Significant Events



                                                                                                                    Term of        Whether timely   Description of         Description of plans
Background of       Type of       Undertaking                                          Time of       Any term for   validity of    and strictly     specific reasons if    for next steps if not
undertaking         undertaking   party         Contents of undertaking                undertaking   performance    undertaking    performed        not performed timely   performed timely

Undertaking in      Others        CITIC         1. Maintaining the business            March         No             The            Yes              N/A                    N/A
relation to asset                 Corporation      independence of the                 2019                         undertaking
restructuring                     Limited          Company                                                          shall remain
                                                                                                                    in force for
                                                   CITIC Corporation Limited                                        a long term
                                                   will not unlawfully interfere                                    commencing
                                                   with the normal operating                                        from the
                                                   activities of the Company.                                       Company’s
                                                   CITIC Corporation Limited                                        acquisition
                                                   will minimize the related party                                  of assets by
                                                   transactions between CITIC                                       issuance of
                                                   Corporation Limited and                                          Shares in
                                                   other enterprises controlled                                     2019.
                                                   by CITIC Corporation Limited
                                                   and the Company; in case
                                                   of an inevitable related party
                                                   transaction, an agreement
                                                   shall be signed in accordance
                                                   with the law and necessary
                                                   procedures shall be performed
                                                   in accordance with relevant
                                                   laws and regulations.

                                                2. Maintaining the asset
                                                   independence of the
                                                   Company

                                                   CITIC Corporation Limited will
                                                   not misappropriate, in violation
                                                   of regulations, the assets,
                                                   funds or other resources of
                                                   the Company or its controlled
                                                   enterprises through CITIC
                                                   Corporation Limited itself or its
                                                   controlled affiliates.




90
                                                                                                            Term of       Whether timely   Description of         Description of plans
Background of   Type of       Undertaking                                      Time of       Any term for   validity of   and strictly     specific reasons if    for next steps if not
undertaking     undertaking   party         Contents of undertaking            undertaking   performance    undertaking   performed        not performed timely   performed timely

                                            3. Maintaining the personnel
                                               independence of the
                                               Company

                                               CITIC Corporation Limited
                                               warrants that the President,
                                               the Chief Financial Officer,
                                               the Board Secretary and
                                               other members of the Senior
                                               Management of the Company
                                               will not hold other positions
                                               other than directors and
                                               supervisors in or receive
                                               remuneration from CITIC
                                               Corporation Limited and/or
                                               other enterprises controlled
                                               by CITIC Corporation Limited.
                                               CITIC Corporation Limited
                                               will ensure and maintain the



                                                                                                                                                                                          Significant Events
                                               integrity of the Company’s
                                               labor, personnel, salary and
                                               social security management
                                               system.




                                                                                                CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report                             91
Significant Events



                                                                                                             Term of       Whether timely   Description of         Description of plans
Background of   Type of       Undertaking                                       Time of       Any term for   validity of   and strictly     specific reasons if    for next steps if not
undertaking     undertaking   party         Contents of undertaking             undertaking   performance    undertaking   performed        not performed timely   performed timely

                                            4. Maintaining the financial
                                               independence of the
                                               Company

                                               CITIC Corporation Limited will
                                               warrant the independence
                                               of the financial accounting
                                               department of the Company
                                               and its establishment of an
                                               independent accounting
                                               system and financial
                                               management system, and
                                               will set up an independent
                                               financial department to be
                                               responsible for the specific
                                               operations of relevant
                                               businesses. The Company
                                               maintains segregated bank
                                               accounts, and does not share
                                               the bank accounts with CITIC
                                               Corporation Limited and other
                                               enterprises controlled by
                                               CITIC Corporation Limited.
                                               The financial staff of the
                                               Company do not hold part-
                                               time positions in CITIC
                                               Corporation Limited and other
                                               enterprises controlled by
                                               CITIC Corporation Limited.
                                               The Company pays taxes
                                               independently in accordance
                                               with the law. The Company
                                               will make independent
                                               financial decisions, and CITIC
                                               Corporation Limited will not
                                               interfere with the capital use
                                               of the Company in violation of
                                               laws and regulations.




92
                                                                                                              Term of       Whether timely   Description of         Description of plans
Background of   Type of       Undertaking                                        Time of       Any term for   validity of   and strictly     specific reasons if    for next steps if not
undertaking     undertaking   party         Contents of undertaking              undertaking   performance    undertaking   performed        not performed timely   performed timely

                                            5. Maintaining the institutional
                                               independence of the
                                               Company

                                               CITIC Corporation Limited
                                               will ensure that the Company
                                               will operate independently
                                               from the institutions of CITIC
                                               Corporation Limited and
                                               other enterprises controlled
                                               by CITIC Corporation
                                               Limited. CITIC Corporation
                                               Limited warrants that the
                                               Company can maintain a
                                               sound corporate governance
                                               structure as a joint stock
                                               company. The general
                                               meeting, the Board, the
                                               Supervisory Committee and



                                                                                                                                                                                            Significant Events
                                               functional departments of
                                               the Company all exercise
                                               their functions and powers
                                               independently in accordance
                                               with laws, regulations and
                                               the Articles of Association of
                                               the Company, and there is
                                               no institutional confusion with
                                               the functional departments of
                                               other enterprises controlled by
                                               CITIC Corporation Limited.




                                                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report                             93
Significant Events



                                                                                                                  Term of        Whether timely   Description of         Description of plans
Background of   Type of       Undertaking                                            Time of       Any term for   validity of    and strictly     specific reasons if    for next steps if not
undertaking     undertaking   party             Contents of undertaking              undertaking   performance    undertaking    performed        not performed timely   performed timely

                Others        Yuexiu Capital,   1. Maintaining the business          March 2019    No             The            Yes              N/A                    N/A
                              Guangzhou            independence of the                                            undertaking
                              Yuexiu Capital       Company                                                        shall remain
                                                                                                                  in force for
                                                   Yuexiu Capital and
                                                                                                                  a long term
                                                   Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital
                                                                                                                  commencing
                                                   will not unlawfully interfere
                                                   with the normal operating                                      from the
                                                   activities of the Company.                                     Company’s
                                                   Yuexiu Capital and                                             acquisition
                                                   Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital                                       of assets by
                                                   will minimize the related                                      issuance of
                                                   party transactions between                                     Shares in
                                                   Yuexiu Capital, Guangzhou                                      2019.
                                                   Yuexiu Capital and other
                                                   enterprises controlled by them
                                                   and the Company; in case
                                                   of an inevitable related party
                                                   transaction, an agreement
                                                   shall be signed in accordance
                                                   with laws and necessary
                                                   procedures shall be performed
                                                   in accordance with relevant
                                                   laws and regulations.

                                                2. Maintaining the asset
                                                   independence of the
                                                   Company

                                                   Yuexiu Capital and
                                                   Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital
                                                   will not misappropriate,
                                                   in violation of regulations,
                                                   the assets, funds or other
                                                   resources of the Company
                                                   or its controlled enterprises
                                                   through Yuexiu Capital
                                                   and Guangzhou Yuexiu
                                                   Capital themselves or their
                                                   controlled affiliates; nor will
                                                   the Company or its controlled
                                                   enterprises be required to
                                                   provide guarantees for Yuexiu
                                                   Capital, Guangzhou Yuexiu
                                                   Capital and other enterprises
                                                   controlled by them.



94
                                                                                                            Term of       Whether timely   Description of         Description of plans
Background of   Type of       Undertaking                                      Time of       Any term for   validity of   and strictly     specific reasons if    for next steps if not
undertaking     undertaking   party         Contents of undertaking            undertaking   performance    undertaking   performed        not performed timely   performed timely

                                            3. Maintaining the personnel
                                               independence of the
                                               Company

                                               Yuexiu Capital and
                                               Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital
                                               warrant that the President,
                                               the Vice President, the Chief
                                               Financial Officer, the Board
                                               Secretary and other members
                                               of the Senior Management
                                               of the Company will not hold
                                               other positions other than
                                               directors and supervisors in
                                               or receive remuneration from
                                               Yuexiu Capital, Guangzhou
                                               Yuexiu Capital and/or other
                                               affiliates controlled by




                                                                                                                                                                                          Significant Events
                                               them. Yuexiu Capital and
                                               Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital
                                               will ensure and maintain the
                                               integrity of the Company’s
                                               labor, personnel, salary and
                                               social security management
                                               system.




                                                                                                CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report                             95
Significant Events



                                                                                                            Term of       Whether timely   Description of         Description of plans
Background of   Type of       Undertaking                                      Time of       Any term for   validity of   and strictly     specific reasons if    for next steps if not
undertaking     undertaking   party         Contents of undertaking            undertaking   performance    undertaking   performed        not performed timely   performed timely

                                            4. Maintaining the financial
                                               independence of the
                                               Company

                                               Yuexiu Capital and
                                               Guangzhou Yuexiu
                                               Capital warrant that they
                                               will not interfere with the
                                               independence of the financial
                                               accounting department
                                               of the Company and
                                               its establishment of an
                                               independent accounting
                                               system and financial
                                               management system, and
                                               will set up an independent
                                               financial department to be
                                               responsible for the specific
                                               operations of relevant
                                               businesses. The Company
                                               maintains segregated bank
                                               accounts, and does not share
                                               the bank accounts with Yuexiu
                                               Capital, Guangzhou Yuexiu
                                               Capital and other affiliates
                                               controlled by them.
                                               The financial staff of
                                               the Company do not hold
                                               part-time positions in Yuexiu
                                               Capital, Guangzhou Yuexiu
                                               Capital and other enterprises
                                               controlled by them. The
                                               Company pays taxes
                                               independently in accordance
                                               with laws. The Company will
                                               make independent financial
                                               decisions, and Yuexiu Capital
                                               and Guangzhou Yuexiu
                                               Capital will not interfere
                                               with the capital use of the
                                               Company in violation of laws
                                               and regulations.




96
                                                                                                              Term of       Whether timely   Description of         Description of plans
Background of   Type of       Undertaking                                        Time of       Any term for   validity of   and strictly     specific reasons if    for next steps if not
undertaking     undertaking   party         Contents of undertaking              undertaking   performance    undertaking   performed        not performed timely   performed timely

                                            5. Maintaining the institutional
                                               independence of the
                                               Company

                                               Yuexiu Capital and
                                               Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital
                                               will ensure that the Company
                                               will operate independently
                                               from the institutions of Yuexiu
                                               Capital, Guangzhou Yuexiu
                                               Capital and other enterprises
                                               controlled by them. Yuexiu
                                               Capital and Guangzhou
                                               Yuexiu Capital will supervise
                                               and support the Company to
                                               maintain a sound corporate
                                               governance structure as a
                                               joint stock company. The




                                                                                                                                                                                            Significant Events
                                               general meeting, the Board,
                                               the Supervisory Committee
                                               and functional departments
                                               of the Company all exercise
                                               their functions and powers
                                               independently in accordance
                                               with laws, regulations and the
                                               Articles of Association of the
                                               Company, and there is no
                                               subordinate relationship with
                                               the functional departments
                                               of other affiliates controlled
                                               by Yuexiu Capital and
                                               Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital.




                                                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report                             97
Significant Events



                                                                                                                 Term of        Whether timely   Description of         Description of plans
Background of   Type of         Undertaking                                         Time of       Any term for   validity of    and strictly     specific reasons if    for next steps if not
undertaking     undertaking     party         Contents of undertaking               undertaking   performance    undertaking    performed        not performed timely   performed timely

                Resolving       CITIC         1. CITIC Corporation Limited and      March         No             The            Yes              N/A                    N/A
                related party   Corporation      its controlled enterprises will    2019                         undertaking
                transactions    Limited          continue to regulate related                                    shall remain
                                                 party transactions with the                                     in force for
                                                 Company and its subsidiaries                                    a long term
                                                 in accordance with relevant                                     commencing
                                                 laws and regulations and the                                    from the
                                                 Administrative Measures on                                      Company’s
                                                 Related Party Transactions                                      acquisition
                                                 of the Company. In the event                                    of assets by
                                                 of necessary and inevitable                                     issuance of
                                                 related party transactions,                                     Shares in
                                                 CITIC Corporation Limited                                       2019.
                                                 and its controlled enterprises
                                                 will enter into agreements
                                                 with the Company and its
                                                 subsidiaries in accordance
                                                 with the principles of fairness,
                                                 impartiality and openness
                                                 and laws, and perform legal
                                                 procedures to ensure the
                                                 fairness of the prices of
                                                 related party transactions.

                                              2. CITIC Corporation Limited
                                                 warrants that it will exercise
                                                 relevant Shareholders’ rights
                                                 and assume corresponding
                                                 obligations in accordance
                                                 with relevant laws and
                                                 regulations and the Articles of
                                                 Association of the Company
                                                 and other requirements in
                                                 relation to internal control
                                                 system. It will not use its
                                                 position as a Shareholder to
                                                 seek illegitimate interests,
                                                 or illegally transfer funds
                                                 and profits of the Company
                                                 and its subsidiaries through
                                                 related party transactions,
                                                 or maliciously jeopardize the
                                                 legitimate rights and interests
                                                 of other Shareholders of the
                                                 Company by means of related
                                                 party transactions.

98
                                                                                                                     Term of        Whether timely   Description of         Description of plans
Background of   Type of         Undertaking                                             Time of       Any term for   validity of    and strictly     specific reasons if    for next steps if not
undertaking     undertaking     party             Contents of undertaking               undertaking   performance    undertaking    performed        not performed timely   performed timely

                Resolving       Yuexiu Capital,   1. Upon the completion of             March         No             The            Yes              N/A                    N/A
                related party   Guangzhou            this transaction, Yuexiu           2019                         undertaking
                transactions    Yuexiu Capital       Capital, Guangzhou Yuexiu                                       shall remain
                                                     Capital and their controlled                                    in force for
                                                     enterprises will minimize the                                   a long term
                                                     related party transactions                                      commencing
                                                     with the Company and its                                        from the
                                                     subsidiaries as much as                                         Company’s
                                                     possible. In the event of                                       acquisition
                                                     necessary and inevitable
                                                                                                                     of assets by
                                                     related party transactions,
                                                                                                                     issuance of
                                                     Yuexiu Capital, Guangzhou
                                                                                                                     Shares in
                                                     Yuexiu Capital and their
                                                                                                                     2019.
                                                     controlled enterprises will
                                                     enter into agreements
                                                     with the Company and its
                                                     subsidiaries in accordance
                                                     with the principles of fairness,
                                                     impartiality and openness



                                                                                                                                                                                                    Significant Events
                                                     and the law, and perform
                                                     legal procedures to ensure
                                                     the fairness of the prices of
                                                     related party transactions.

                                                  2. Yuexiu Capital and
                                                     Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital
                                                     warrant that they will exercise
                                                     relevant Shareholders’ rights
                                                     and assume corresponding
                                                     obligations in accordance
                                                     with relevant laws and
                                                     regulations and the Articles of
                                                     Association of the Company
                                                     and other requirements in
                                                     relation to internal control
                                                     system. They will not use their
                                                     positions as Shareholders
                                                     to seek illegitimate interests,
                                                     or illegally transfer funds
                                                     and profits of the Company
                                                     and its subsidiaries through
                                                     related party transactions,
                                                     or maliciously jeopardize the
                                                     legitimate rights and interests
                                                     of other Shareholders of the
                                                     Company by means of related
                                                     party transactions.


                                                                                                           CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report                            99
Significant Events



                                                                                                                     Term of        Whether timely   Description of         Description of plans
Background of   Type of       Undertaking                                               Time of       Any term for   validity of    and strictly     specific reasons if    for next steps if not
undertaking     undertaking   party             Contents of undertaking                 undertaking   performance    undertaking    performed        not performed timely   performed timely

                Shares        Yuexiu Capital,   1. The consideration Shares             March         Yes            The            Yes              N/A                    N/A
                subject       Guangzhou             subscribed by Yuexiu Capital        2019                         undertaking
                to trading    Yuexiu Capital        and Guangzhou Yuexiu                                             shall remain
                moratorium                          Capital in this transaction shall                                in force for
                                                    not be transferred within 48                                     a long term
                                                    months from the issuance                                         commencing
                                                    completion date (Note:                                           from the
                                                    “issuance completion date                                        Company’s
                                                    of the consideration Shares”                                     acquisition
                                                    refers to the date on which                                      of assets by
                                                    the consideration Shares were                                    issuance of
                                                    registered under the name of                                     Shares in
                                                    Yuexiu Capital/Guangzhou                                         2019 to the
                                                    Yuexiu Capital, same as                                          expiration
                                                    below), unless a longer lock-                                    of lock-up
                                                    up period is required by CSRC                                    period.
                                                    or other regulatory authorities.

                                                2. Upon the completion
                                                   of this transaction, the
                                                   above-mentioned agreements
                                                   shall also apply to the
                                                   additional Shares of the
                                                   Company to be issued
                                                   to Yuexiu Capital and
                                                   Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital
                                                   in the event of distribution
                                                   of dividends, bonus issue,
                                                   rights issue and conversion
                                                   of capital reserve into share
                                                   capital of the Company, etc.




100
                                                                                                                  Term of        Whether timely   Description of         Description of plans
Background of   Type of       Undertaking                                            Time of       Any term for   validity of    and strictly     specific reasons if    for next steps if not
undertaking     undertaking   party             Contents of undertaking              undertaking   performance    undertaking    performed        not performed timely   performed timely

                Shares        Yuexiu Capital    Considering the confidence in        March         Yes            From 10        Yes              N/A                    N/A
                subject                         sustained development and the        2024                         March
                to trading                      recognition of the Company’s                                      2024 to 10
                moratorium                      value, as well as the stable                                      September
                                                income brought by holding                                         2024.
                                                shares of the Company to
                                                Yuexiu Capital, and to support
                                                the healthy development of
                                                capital market and safeguard the
                                                interests of public investors, the
                                                Board of Yuexiu Capital resolved
                                                to extend the lock-up period
                                                of six months for 931 million
                                                A shares in the Company held
                                                by Yuexiu Capital, Guangzhou
                                                Yuexiu Capital, being expired on
                                                10 September 2024.




                                                                                                                                                                                                 Significant Events
                Others        Yuexiu Capital,   In order to protect the legitimate   March         No             The            Yes              N/A                    N/A
                              Guangzhou         rights and interests of the          2019                         undertaking
                              Yuexiu Capital    Company and Guangzhou                                             shall remain
                                                Securities, Yuexiu Capital and                                    in force for
                                                Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital hereby                                   a long term
                                                irrevocably warrant that they will                                commencing
                                                not misappropriate the funds                                      from the
                                                of the Company, Guangzhou                                         Company’s
                                                Securities or their controlled                                    acquisition
                                                enterprises, or require them to                                   of assets by
                                                provide guarantees for Yuexiu                                     issuance of
                                                Capital, Guangzhou Yuexiu                                         Shares in
                                                Capital and their controlled                                      2019.
                                                enterprises, otherwise, the
                                                Company shall be timely
                                                compensated for any losses
                                                incurred thereby.




                                                                                                         CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report                        101
Significant Events



                                                                                                               Term of          Whether timely   Description of         Description of plans
 Background of   Type of       Undertaking                                        Time of       Any term for   validity of      and strictly     specific reasons if    for next steps if not
 undertaking     undertaking   party         Contents of undertaking              undertaking   performance    undertaking      performed        not performed timely   performed timely

                 Resolving     The Company   Upon the completion of this          March         No             The              Yes              N/A                    N/A
                 horizontal                  transaction, Guangzhou               2019                         undertaking
                 competition                 Securities will become a wholly-                                  shall remain
                                             owned subsidiary directly or                                      in force for
                                             indirectly held by the Company,                                   a long term
                                             and its existing business may                                     commencing
                                             have conflicts of interest and                                    from the
                                             compete with the business of                                      Company’s
                                             the Company and its controlled                                    acquisition
                                             subsidiaries. The Company                                         of assets
                                             undertakes to integrate its assets                                by issuance
                                             and businesses within 5 years                                     of Shares
                                             upon the completion of this                                       in 2019. To
                                             transaction, so as to resolve the                                 resolve the
                                             possible conflicts of interest and                                problem of
                                             competition between the parent                                    horizontal
                                             company and its subsidiaries                                      competition
                                             in compliance with relevant                                       within 5 years
                                             laws, regulations and regulatory                                  from the
                                             requirements.                                                     date of the
                                                                                                               Company’s
                                                                                                               holding of
                                                                                                               Guangzhou
                                                                                                               Securities.



                 Others        CITIC         1. Not to interfere with the         March         No             The              Yes              N/A                    N/A
                               Corporation      operation and management          2019                         undertaking
                               Limited          of the Company beyond its                                      shall remain
                                                authority, or encroach on the                                  in force for
                                                interests of the Company;                                      a long term
                                                                                                               commencing
                                             2. If the violation of the                                        from the
                                                abovementioned undertakings                                    Company’s
                                                causes losses to the                                           acquisition
                                                Company, the warrantor shall                                   of assets by
                                                be liable for compensation in                                  issuance of
                                                accordance with the law.                                       Shares in
                                                                                                               2019.



There are no unperformed public undertakings by other Shareholders or related/connected parties of the Company.




102
Appointment or Termination of Service of Accounting Firms
                                                                                                                                  In RMB ten thousand


                                                                                  Former Appointment                    Current Appointment


Name of the domestic accounting firm                                              PwC Zhong Tian                        KPMG Huazhen
Remuneration for the domestic accounting firm                                     202                                   200
Duration of audit service of the domestic accounting firm                         8 Years                               1 Year
Name of the certified public accountants of the domestic
  accounting firm                                                                 HAN Dan, LU Yibin                     Abby Wang, CHENG Hailiang
Cumulative duration of audit service by the certified public
  accountants of the domestic accounting firm                                     8 Years                               1 Year
Name of the overseas accounting firm                                              PwC Hong Kong                         KPMG Hong Kong
Remuneration for the overseas accounting firm                                     37                                    37
Duration of audit service of the overseas accounting firm                         8 Years                               1 Year

Note: the remuneration listed in the table above is the audit fee in respect of the annual financial report of the Company for 2022 of the formerly appointed
      accounting firm and the audit fee in respect of the annual financial report for 2023 of the currently appointed accounting firm respectively, which does
      not include the audit fees in respect of consolidated subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                        In RMB ten thousand


                                                              Name                                                                      Remuneration



                                                                                                                                                                 Significant Events
Accounting firm for internal control audit                    KPMG Huazhen                                                                              43


Explanation on Appointment or Termination of Service of Accounting Firms
After the completion of the 2022 annual audit work, PwC Zhong Tian and PwC Hong Kong have provided audit services for
the Company for eight consecutive years, reaching the maximum term of consecutive engagement of the same accounting
firm by a financial institution stipulated by the Ministry of Finance, and the Company is required to change its accounting firm
for 2023.


As approved at the 2022 Annual General Meeting of the Company, KPMG Huazhen was appointed as the domestic
accounting firm of the Company for 2023, and KPMG Hong Kong as the international accounting firm of the Company for
2023, to respectively provide relevant annual audit, interim review, internal control audit and other relevant audit services in
compliance with PRC Accounting Standards for Enterprises and the International Financial Reporting Standards. In 2023,
the total fees for the above-mentioned services provided by KPMG Huazhen and KPMG Hong Kong shall not exceed
RMB19.88 million (tax inclusive), of which the total fees for the parent company’s audit, review and other services shall
not exceed RMB4 million, the specific amount of which shall be subject to that agreed in the audit service agreement. If
additional fees are incurred due to a change in the scope or contents of the audit or review services, the Board has been
authorized by the 2022 Annual General Meeting to determine the amount according to the actual scope and contents of the
audit or review services.




                                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report                 103
Significant Events



Material Litigation and Arbitration
During the Reporting Period, the Group had not been involved in any material litigation or arbitration with an involved amount
of over RMB10 million and accounting for over 10% of the absolute value of the net assets as shown in the latest audited
accounts of the Company, which is required to be disclosed pursuant to the SSE Listing Rules. The litigation or arbitration
matters of the Group which have been disclosed and have made progress as of the date of publication of this report, are as
follows (The Company has made sufficient provision in respect of the potential losses involved in the cases in accordance
with the relevant regulations):


Dispute between the Company and Zhifu Leather on Breach of Private Bonds
Due to the breaches of private bonds of Suqian Zhifu Leather Industry Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Zhifu Leather”),
the Company initiated an arbitration at China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (hereinafter referred
to as “CIETAC”) on 29 April 2015 to request Zhifu Leather to settle the principal and unpaid interest of the bonds totalling
RMB46,090,000 as well as the interest subsequently incurred, liquidated damages and expenses incurred for realizing
the creditor’s rights. After winning the case, the Company applied to the Intermediate People’s Court of Suqian to take
compulsory enforcement measures against Zhifu Leather, which later led to Zhifu Leather entering bankruptcy proceedings,
and the Company is currently participating in its bankruptcy liquidation.


On 3 August 2015, the Company filed a lawsuit to the Third Intermediate People’s Court of Beijing Municipality (hereinafter
referred to as “Beijing Third Intermediate Court”) against Sino-Capital Guaranty Trust Company Limited (hereinafter referred
to as “Sino-Capital”), the guarantor, and ZHOU Likang, the de facto controller of Zhifu Leather, for failure to fulfill the
guarantee obligations, requesting the guarantor Sino-Capital and ZHOU Likang to assume their joint and several guarantee
liability to settle the principal and interest of the bonds totalling RMB46,090,000 as well as the interests subsequently
incurred, liquidated damages and expenses incurred for realizing the creditor’s rights. The Beijing Third Intermediate Court
gave its first instance verdict in favor of the Company on 29 November 2017. On 2 May 2018, the Beijing Third Intermediate
Court issued the enforcement judgement, ruling that enforcement actions be taken against Sino-Capital and ZHOU Likang.
On 3 December 2018, the Beijing Third Intermediate Court ruled to terminate the enforcement procedure on the ground that
the person subject to enforcement had no property available for enforcement (please refer to the Company’s 2018 Annual
Report for relevant case information). After the First Intermediate People’s Court of Beijing Municipality (hereinafter referred
to as “Beijing First Intermediate Court”) ruled to accept the bankruptcy liquidation of Sino-Capital, the Company has claimed
its creditor’s rights according to law.

Dispute between the Company and HITHT on Margin Financing and Securities Lending Transaction
Due to the breach of contract by Harbin Institute of Technology High-Tech Development Corporation (hereinafter referred
to as “HITHT”) during the margin financing and securities lending transaction with the Company, the Company applied
for arbitration to the Beijing Arbitration Commission (hereinafter referred to as “BAC”) on 4 June 2018, requesting HITHT
to repay the principal of RMB406,730,000, the corresponding interest, liquidated damages and expenses incurred
for realizing the creditor’s rights, and applied for property preservation. On 8 June 2018, the BAC accepted the case.
The case was heard on 5 September 2018. On 28 September 2018, the BAC made a ruling that HITHT should repay
the principal, the corresponding interest, liquidated damages and case-handling costs to the Company, which was
amounted to RMB418,624,645.99 in total as at 4 June 2018. On 26 October 2018, the Company applied to the Beijing
Third Intermediate Court for compulsory enforcement. On 14 January 2019, the case was transferred to the Intermediate
People’s Court of Harbin for enforcement (please refer to the Company’s 2019 Interim Report for relevant case information).
During the enforcement process, the Intermediate People’s Court of Harbin ruled that 73 companies, including HITHT, were
substantively merged and reorganized, and the Company has claimed its creditor’s rights according to law.




104
Dispute between CITIC Securities South China and CITIC Guoan on Bond Transaction
Due to the breach of contract on bond transaction by CITIC Guoan Group Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “CITIC
Guoan”), Guangzhou Securities (as previously named) filed a lawsuit against CITIC Guoan with the Beijing Third Intermediate
Court in May 2019. The subject matter of the lawsuit was the principal of RMB480 million as well as the corresponding
interest, liquidated damages, expenses incurred for realizing the creditor’s rights and other fees. The case was formally
accepted on 14 May 2019, and heard on 24 September 2019 and 11 December 2019. On 16 December 2020, CITIC
Securities South China received the verdict issued by Beijing Third Intermediate Court, supporting all the claims made by
CITIC Securities South China, and it has applied to the Beijing Third Intermediate Court for enforcement. After the Beijing First
Intermediate Court ruled to accept CITIC Guoan’s reorganization, CITIC Securities South China has claimed its creditor’s
rights according to law. On 18 January 2023, the Beijing First Intermediate Court ruled to approve the substantive merger
and reorganization scheme of seven companies including CITIC Guoan (please refer to the Company’s 2023 Interim Report
for relevant case information). On 16 November 2023, the Beijing First Intermediate Court ruled to confirm the completion of
the reorganization scheme of seven companies including CITIC Guoan and terminate the reorganization procedure.


Dispute between CITIC Securities South China and Haoxuan Company and DING Kongxian on Stock-
pledged Repo Transaction
Due to the breach of contract by Alashankou Haoxuan Equity Investment Co., Ltd. (阿拉山口市灝軒股權投資有限公司,
hereinafter referred to as “Haoxuan Company”) in conducting the stock-pledged repo transaction, CITIC Securities South
China filed a lawsuit against Haoxuan Company and its guarantor, DING Kongxian, with the Guangzhou Intermediate
People’s Court (hereinafter referred to as “Guangzhou Intermediate Court”) on 31 July 2020. The subject matter of the
lawsuit was the principal of RMB149 million as well as the corresponding interest, liquidated damages, expenses incurred



                                                                                                                                     Significant Events
for realizing the creditor’s rights and other fees. Guangzhou Intermediate Court accepted the case on the same day. The
Court supported the claims of CITIC Securities South China after the first instance verdict was made in March 2021. Later,
Haoxuan Company and DING Kongxian appealed to the Higher People’s Court of Guangdong Province (hereinafter referred
to as “Guangdong Higher Court”). On 19 May 2022, CITIC Securities South China received the second civil ruling from the
Guangdong Higher Court, and the Court rejected the appeal of Haoxuan Company and DING Kongxian, still affirming the
original judgement. After the verdict came into effect, CITIC Securities South China applied to the Guangzhou Intermediate
Court for compulsory enforcement. The case was accepted on 22 June 2022 and is in the process of compulsory
enforcement (please refer to the Company’s 2022 Interim Report for relevant case information). Later, the People’s Court of
Alashankou ruled to accept the case of Haoxuan Company’s bankruptcy liquidation and CITIC Securities South China has
claimed its creditor’s rights according to law.


Punishment and Rectifications of the Listed Company and its Directors, Supervisors, Senior
Management and the Largest Shareholder
During the Reporting Period, the administrative regulatory measures taken by the regulatory
authorities against the Company are as follows:
On 16 January 2023, the Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau issued the ‘Decision on the Measures of Issuing a Warning
Letter to CITIC Securities Company Limited’ ([2023] No. 6) to the Company. The Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau pointed
out that there existed circumstances in respect of the privately-offered asset management business of the Company and its
private subsidiary, GoldStone Investment, such as the failures to implement the rectifications of new regulations on capital
management, to adjust the valuing and auditing methods of some asset management products in a timely manner and to
deal with default assets with impairment timely, the existence of multilevel nesting products at the end of the transition period,
the inaccurate data of the privately-offered asset management business that was filled in, the missing part of the periodic and
provisional reporting materials of certain single product, and the additional entrusted investment during the closed operation
period. Upon conducting serious summary and profound reflection on the issues raised by the regulatory authority, the Company
has revised and adjusted the relevant systems and processes of asset management business and carried out the rectifications.


                                                                     CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report     105
Significant Events



On 8 February 2023, the People’s Bank of China issued the ‘Decision of Administrative Penalty’ (Yin Fa Jue Zi [2023] No. 6)
(《行政處罰決定書》(銀罰決字[2023]6號)) to the Company, which imposed a fine of RMB13.76 million on the Company.
The People’s Bank of China pointed out that the Company was in breach of the Anti-Money Laundering Law of the People’s
Republic of China and other laws, and failed to perform its obligations of distinguishing clients’ identities, preserve the data
for clients’ identities and records of transactions and submit reports on transactions involving large sums of money or on
dubious transactions, etc. as required. This penalty was made upon the special law enforcement inspection of anti-money
laundering conducted by the People’s Bank of China on the Company during the period from December 2020 to January
2021. After the inspection, the Company continuously increased resource investment and thoroughly implemented all the
rectifications. This administrative penalty would have no impact on the normal operations of each business of the Company.
Currently, the Company has completed the rectifications on issues identified during the law enforcement inspection, and
optimized the long-term management mechanism of money laundering risks and improved the prevention and control
level of money laundering risks by adjusting the organizational structure of anti-money laundering work, improving the
consideration and discussion procedures of the management, optimizing the information system and carrying out the
assessment on money laundering risks on an ongoing basis and other measures.


On 4 April 2023, the Tibet Securities Regulatory Bureau issued the ‘Decision on the Measures of Issuing a Warning Letter
to CITIC Securities Company Limited, XU Xin and SONG Yongxin’ ([2023] No. 9) (《關於對中信証券股份有限公司、徐欣、
宋永新採取出具警示函措施的決定》([2023]9號)) to the Company. The Tibet Securities Regulatory Bureau pointed out that
the Company, as the sponsor for the initial public offering and listing of Tibet Huayu Mining Co., Ltd., had not fully examined
the related party and related party transactions onsite or conducted a comprehensive verification on the sales revenue and
abnormal changes in major customers during its continuous supervision work from 2017 to June 2018. Upon conducting
serious summary and profound reflection on the issues raised by the regulatory authority, further urging the investment
banking personnel to improve their professional capacities to perform duties, carrying out continuous supervision, and
strengthening the quality control of investment banking business projects, the Company submitted rectification reports to
the regulatory authority on time.


On 7 July 2023, the Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau issued the ‘Decision on the Measures of Issuing a Warning
Letter to CITIC Securities Company Limited’ ([2023] No. 102) to the Company, pointing out that there remained problems
such as the insufficient security of computer room infrastructure construction and the negligence or omission in the
reliability management of information system equipment during the cybersecurity incident of the Company on 19 June 2023.
The Company conscientiously implemented the safety production responsibility system, strengthened the construction
of responsibility culture, raised the risk awareness of all employees, strengthened the management of the network and
information security, carried out in-depth investigation and rectification work of network and information security risks and
submitted rectification reports to the regulatory authorities on schedule.


On 28 September 2023, the China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC) issued the ‘Decision on the Measures
of Having Regulatory Conversation with CITIC Securities Company Limited’ (《關於對中信証券股份有限公司採取監管
談話措施的決定》) ([2023] No. 30) to the Company. The CSRC pointed out that the Company, serving as the financial
consultant of the major asset restructuring caused by the Aerospace Communications Holdings Co., Ltd.’s acquisition of
Smart Haipai Technology Co., Ltd. (智慧海派科技有限公司), failed to conduct a prudent review of the target company’s
main suppliers, major customers and related relationships during the restructuring stage; failed to conduct a prudent
review of the authenticity of sales of listed companies during the continuous supervision stage; failed to achieve an actual
profit of 50% of the predicted amount from the purchased assets of listed companies after the completion of major asset
restructuring; and failed to strictly implement the internal control system. Upon conducting serious reflection on the issues
raised by the regulatory authority, establishing, improving and strictly implementing the management system, processes and
specifications of financial advisory business, the Company submitted rectification reports on schedule.


106
On 9 October 2023, the Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau issued the ‘Decision on Ordering of CITIC Securities
Company Limited to Take Rectification Measures’ (《關於對中信証券股份有限公司採取責令改正措施的決定》) ([2023]
No. 169) to the Company. The Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau pointed out that there remained problems such
as incomplete rectification plans submitted and reported during the Company’s rectification of normative organizational
structure, and failure to complete multiple pending rectification projects of GoldStone Investment and Qingdao GoldStone
Haorui Investment Company Limited as required. The company conscientiously implemented rectifications on the relevant
issues raised in the regulatory letters, further improved the Company’s management systems and processes, and submitted
rectification reports to the regulatory authorities on time.


On 23 October 2023, the Tianjin Securities Regulatory Bureau issued the ‘Decision on the Measures of Issuing a Warning
Letter to the Huanghai Road Securities Outlet in Binhai New Area, Tianjin of CITIC Securities Company Limited’ (《關於對
中信証券股份有限公司天津濱海新區黃海路證券營業部採取出具警示函措施的決定》) ([2023] No. 30) to the Huanghai Road
Outlet in Binhai New Area, Tianjin of the Company. The Tianjin Securities Regulatory Bureau pointed out that individual
employees of the Huanghai Road Outlet in Binhai New Area, Tianjin of the Company provided investors with answers to
key risk assessment questions, returned WeChat red packet to investors, and promised investors guaranteed principal
and interest while engaging in securities brokerage business marketing activities. The outlet did not properly manage the
marketing activities of employees’ securities brokerage business, failed to strictly regulate the professional behavior of
employees, and had deficiencies in compliance management. The Company strengthened the training, supervision and
inspection of employees’ professional behavior, and submitted rectification reports to regulatory authorities on schedule.


During the Reporting Period, the Company was not subject to investigation for suspected criminal



                                                                                                                             Significant Events
liability. None of the Company’s largest Shareholder, Directors, Supervisors or Senior Management
was subject to enforcement actions for suspected criminal liability; None of the Company, the
Company’s largest Shareholder, Directors, Supervisors or Senior Management was subject to
criminal punishments, investigations or administrative punishments by the CSRC for suspected
incompliance of laws and regulations, or significant administrative punishments by other competent
authorities; None of the Company’s largest Shareholder, Directors, Supervisors or Senior
Management was retained by disciplinary inspection authorities for suspected incompliance of laws
and regulations or duty-related crime, which may affect the performance of duties; None of the
Company’s Directors, Supervisors or Senior Management was subject to enforcement actions by
other competent authorities for suspected incompliance of laws and regulations, which may affect
the performance of duties.

Credibility of the Company and its Largest Shareholder during the Reporting Period
During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor the largest Shareholder had unperformed obligations determined by
court legal instruments or unpaid debts with large sums at maturity.




                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   107
Significant Events



Material Related Party Transactions/Non-exempt Connected Transactions
Related party transactions in relation to day-to-day operation/non-exempt continuing connected
transactions
Progress of matters which had been disclosed in interim announcements
The Group conducted the related party/connected transactions in strict compliance with the listing rules of the listed places
and the Information Disclosure Management System and the Administrative Measures on Related Party Transactions of the
Company. The Group’s related party/connected transactions were conducted in accordance with the principles of fairness,
openness and impartiality, and the related party/connected transaction agreements were entered into in accordance with
the principles of equality, voluntariness, equivalence and consideration and at market prices.


Day-to-day related party transactions under the SSE Listing Rules/continuing connected transactions under the
Hong Kong Listing Rules
Background
The day-to-day related party/continuing connected transactions of the Group are mainly conducted with CITIC Group, its
subsidiaries and associates. CITIC Group is the de facto controller of CITIC Financial Holdings, the largest shareholder of
the Company, therefore, CITIC Group, its subsidiaries and associates are related party/connected persons of the Company
according to the SSE Listing Rules and the Hong Kong Listing Rules. CITIC Group engages in a wide range of businesses
and has plenty of subsidiaries. The Group, as a participant in the financial market, would inevitably transact with China
CITIC Bank, CITIC Trust, CITIC Prudential, each a subsidiary of CITIC Group, and other companies that have strong market
influences, and jointly provide comprehensive financial services to clients domestic and overseas. On the one hand, this is
favorable for the expansion of the Group’s scope of services and enhancement of its service level; on the other hand, it also
brings business opportunities to the Group. Therefore, conducting relevant businesses between the Group and its related
party/connected persons will be favorable to promote the business growth, and increase investment returns. Relevant
related party/connected transactions are in line with the Group’s actual situation and thus favorable to the long-term
development of the business.


Based on the analysis of the types and basic contents of existing and possible ongoing related party/connected
transactions between the Group and CITIC Group and its subsidiaries and associates, the Group delineated the nature
of such transactions and classified into three major categories, namely securities and financial products transactions and
services, miscellaneous services and property leasing. Since the Company’s H Shares were listed in 2011, upon the
approval of the general meeting of shareholders and the board of directors, the Company and CITIC Group renewed the
Securities and Financial Products Transactions and Services Framework Agreement, the Miscellaneous Services Framework
Agreement and the Property Leasing Framework Agreement on a regular basis, to reach an agreement on the contents
of the day-to-day related party/continuing connected transactions thereunder and set respective annual caps for the
transaction amount.




108
During the Reporting Period, all above day-to-day related party/continuing connected transactions were conducted pursuant
to the relevant framework agreements entered into between the Company and CITIC Group and in strict compliance with
the pricing principles of relevant transactions. The transaction amount and the transaction content did not exceed the scope
of such agreements. Details were as follows:


Securities and Financial Products Transactions and Services Framework Agreement
Pursuant to the agreement, the Group and CITIC Group and its subsidiaries and associates conduct various securities and
financial products transactions and provide mutual securities and financial services during the ordinary course of business.
Both the Company and CITIC Group agreed that: 1. the subscription of securities and financial products shall be conducted
at subscription prices and terms of such products; for transactions of securities and financial products through exchanges,
such transactions shall be conducted at the prevailing market prices or market rates applicable to such type of securities
and financial products; for transactions over the counter and other transactions of securities and financial products, such
transactions shall be conducted at the prevailing market prices or market rates applicable to such type of securities and
financial products and shall be conducted by mutual agreement; in the absence of prevailing market price or market rate
applicable to such type of securities and financial products, the price or rate of such transaction shall be determined by the
mutual agreement pursuant to the principle of fair market rate. Interest rates of interbank loans and repurchase agreements
shall be conducted at the prevailing market interest rates and prices applicable to independent counterparties of such
type of transactions or determined by mutual agreement. The prices of the beneficiary certificates issued by the Company
shall be determined based on the prevailing market interest rate applicable to independent counterparties of such type
of beneficiary certificates. 2. securities and financial services — (1) interest rates on deposits: shall not be lower than the




                                                                                                                                  Significant Events
interest rates on deposits published by the People’s Bank of China for the commercial banks for the corresponding period
and the terms of the Company’s deposit with the subsidiaries of CITIC Group shall not be inferior to those provided by an
independent third party. (2) Commissions or service fees charged by CITIC Group: shall be determined by mutual agreement
with reference to the prevailing market rates and in accordance with the requirements of the applicable and relevant laws
and regulations, provided that they do not exceed the standard commission or service fee charged by CITIC Group for the
same type of service provided to an independent third party. (3) Brokerage fees, commissions or service fees charged by the
Company: shall be determined by mutual agreement with reference to the prevailing market rates and in accordance with the
requirements of the applicable and relevant laws and regulations, provided that they do not exceed the standard commission
or service fee charged by the Company for the same type of service provided to an independent third party. The agreement
is for a term of three years, commencing from 1 January 2023 and ending on 31 December 2025, subject to renewal.


The Hong Kong Stock Exchange has granted a waiver to the Company from setting up the maximum daily balance of the
deposits (including the Group’s proprietary funds and customers’ funds) placed with the banking subsidiaries of CITIC Group
in the PRC and Hong Kong during 2023 to 2025.




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report    109
Significant Events



For the year of 2023, the amount of day-to-day related party/continuing connected transactions in relation to the Securities
and Financial Products Transactions and Services Framework Agreement, between the Group and the CITIC Group and its
subsidiaries and associates, was as follows:


                                                                                                                                    In RMB ten thousand


                                                                                                              Actual
                                                                                                         transaction
                                                                                            Annual          amount/
                                                                                          caps for           highest         Percentage                 Impact
Type of related                                                                        transaction        balance in         of the total              on profit
party/connected                                                                            amount       a single day   amount of similar                 of the
transactions                                                                               in 2023           in 2023    transactions (%)              Company

Net cash inflow derived from securities and financial products transactions
   (excluding financing transactionsNote 1)                                             15,500,000        6,495,790                    —                     —
Net cash outflow incurred for securities and financial products transactions
   (excluding financing transactionsNote 1)                                             19,000,000        7,142,255                    —                     —
Amount of inter-financial institutions borrowings and beneficiary certificates
   issued by the Group                                                           Not applicableNote 2    31,627,467                    —                     —
Maximum daily balance (including interests) of financing transactionsNote 1
   provided to the Company                                                               2,000,000          355,117                    —                     —
Maximum daily balance (including interests) of financing transactionsNote 1
   provided by the Company                                                                 800,000               —                     —                     —

                                                                                            Annual                           Percentage
                                                                                          caps for           Actual         of operating                Impact
Type of related                                                                        transaction      transaction    revenue/expenses                on profit
party/connected                                                                            amount           amount                of the                 of the
transactions                                                                               in 2023          in 2023        Company (%)                Company

Income derived from securities and financial services                                      350,000           99,983                  1.66                99,983
Expenses incurred for securities and financial services                                    110,000           14,395                  0.42               -14,395

Note 1:	Financing transactions include, but are not limited to, repurchase agreements, margin financing, and loans to inter-financial institutions

Note 2:	The subscriptions by CITIC Group and its associates of the beneficiary certificates issued by the Group and the inter-financial institutions borrowings
         and corporate overdraft provided by CITIC Group and its associates to the Group are based on its interests and provided on normal commercial
         terms; and the Group is not required to provide any guarantee for such financing transactions. Such financing transactions are exempted continuing
         connected transactions under Rule 14A.90 of the Listing Rules of the Stock Exchange. As such, no cap has been set by the Company on such
         financing transactions provided by CITIC Group and its associates to the Group

Note 3:	Amounts shown in the table above are determined in accordance with the relevant rules in relation to related party/connected transactions in
         the listing rules of the place where the Company is listed, excluding the amount of the related party transactions exempted from disclosure in
         accordance with the listing rules




110
Miscellaneous Services Framework Agreement
Pursuant to the agreement, the Company and CITIC Group both agreed to determine the price of relevant services by fair
and mutual agreement under conditions no less favorable than such services received from or provided to independent third
parties in compliance with the relevant laws and regulations and under normal commercial terms. For construction project
services, if the service providers are determined for the relevant services through open tender process, the Company will select
the general contractor for construction pursuant to the Construction Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Bidding Law
of the People’s Republic of China, the Civil Code of the People’s Republic of China, and other applicable laws, regulations
and relevant provisions, after taking into consideration various factors including the bidding price, the performance of general
contracting, and whether the general contractor has the top grade qualification in general contracting of housing engineering
and construction. The agreement is for a term of three years, commencing from 1 January 2023 and ending on 31 December
2025, subject to renewal.


In 2023, the amount of the day-to-day related party/continuing connected transactions under the Miscellaneous Services
Framework Agreement between the Group and CITIC Group and its subsidiaries and associates, was as follows:


                                                                                                           In RMB ten thousand


                                                                   Annual             Actual
                                                                 caps for       transaction        Percentage
                                                              transaction        amount for       of operating      Impact on




                                                                                                                                     Significant Events
                                                               amount in            the year          revenue/    profit of the
Miscellaneous services                                               2023               2023    expenses (%)         Company


Income derived from miscellaneous services                         45,000              2,833                 —                —
Expenses incurred for miscellaneous services                      250,000             26,863                 —                —

Property Leasing Framework Agreement
Pursuant to the agreement, the Company and CITIC Group both agreed that the rentals shall be determined by both parties
through negotiation with reference to the prevailing market rentals. In determining the annual rentals, both parties shall refer
to recent fair transaction prices for the leased properties in comparable rental markets; the government guidance price at
the location of leased property (if any); the relevant factors such as the location, size and utilities of the properties. For the
properties leased by the Company from CITIC Group, the terms of the lease shall be no less favorable than those offered
to the Company by an independent third party for the leasing of properties of the same class in the vicinity of the location;
and for the properties leased by CITIC Group from the Company, the terms of the lease shall be no more favorable than
those offered to an independent third party for the leasing of the properties. The agreement is for a term of three years,
commencing from 1 January 2023 and ending on 31 December 2025, subject to renewal.




                                                                     CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report     111
Significant Events



In 2023, the amount of transactions in relation to day-to-day related party/continuing connected transactions under the
Property Leasing Framework Agreement between the Group and CITIC Group and its subsidiaries and associates were as
follows:


                                                                                                             In RMB ten thousand


                                                                        Annual
                                                                      caps for            Actual     Percentage
                                                                   transaction       transaction    of operating      Impact on
                                                                       amount amount for the            revenue/ profit of the
Property leasing                                                        in 2023       year 2023 expenses (%)           Company


Rental income from lease of properties                                  60,000             3,700               0.06         3,700
Rental expenses paid for lease of
  properties/Increase in total value
  of right-of-use assets                                               100,000             1,289                  —             —

The auditor engaged by the Company have reviewed the above-mentioned day-to-day related party transactions/continuing
connected transactions and issued a letter to the Board stating that: nothing has come to its attention that may cause it to
believe that such disclosed day-to-day related party transactions/continuing connected transactions have not been approved
by the Board; if the transactions involve the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to its attention that
may cause it to believe that these transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policy of the
Group; nothing has come to its attention that may cause it to believe that these transactions were not entered into, in all material
respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing these transactions; and with respect to the total amounts for
each of such continuing connected transactions specified in the appendix of the day-to-day related party/continuing connected
transactions letter, nothing has come to its attention that may cause it to believe that such disclosed day-to-day related party/
continuing connected transactions have exceeded the annual transaction caps set by the Company.




112
Other related party transactions under the SSE Listing Rules in relation to day-to-day operation
Related party transactions between the Group and the companies in which the Directors, Supervisors or members of Senior
Management hold positions as directors or the senior management
According to the SSE Listing Rules, in addition to CITIC Group and its subsidiaries and associates, related parties of the
Company also include the companies in which the Directors, Supervisors or members of the Senior Management hold
positions as directors or the senior management, but they are not defined as connected persons under the Hong Kong Listing
Rules. Related party transactions between the Company and such parties are conducted in compliance with the relevant
requirements under the SSE Listing Rules, and will not constitute connected transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.
During the Reporting Period, these related party transactions had been carried out in accordance with the Resolution on
Estimation of Related Party/Continuing Connected Transactions Contemplated in the Ordinary Course of Business of the
Company in 2023, which was considered and approved at the 2022 Annual General Meeting of the Company.

                                                                                                      In RMB ten thousand


                                                                                              Percentage
                                                                                                        of
                                                                                               operating
                                                                   Estimated         Actual     revenue/
                                                                 transaction transaction expenses of
                                                                 amount for        amount             the      Impact on
                                          Type of related            the year for the year     Company       profit of the




                                                                                                                               Significant Events
Related party                             party transactions            2023          2023            (%)       Company


E-Capital Transfer                        Expense                       1,500        112.84     Less than         -112.84
                                                                                                     0.01
Yuexiu Industrial                         Income                        1,000         70.75     Less than              70.75
  Investment                                                                                         0.01
Yuexiu Industrial                         Income                        1,000         47.17     Less than              47.17
  Investment Fund                                                                                    0.01
Qianhai Infrastructure                    Income                          500          0.02     Less than               0.02
  Investment                                                                                         0.01
                                          Expense                         500          0.02     Less than              -0.02
                                                                                                     0.01

Related party transactions between the Group and the companies holding over 5% equity interest in the Company
as well as their party acting in concert
Yuexiu Financial Holdings and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Financial Holdings Limited, jointly hold over 5% equity interest
in the Company, thus are the related parties of the Company under SSE Listing Rules but not connected persons under
Hong Kong Listing Rules. The related party transactions between the Company and them shall be conducted in accordance
with the relevant provisions of the SSE Listing Rules and are not the connected transactions under the Hong Kong Listing
Rules. During the Reporting Period, the following related party transactions were carried out pursuant to the Resolution on
Estimation of Related Party/Continuing Connected Transactions Contemplated in the Ordinary Course of Business of the
Company in 2023, which was considered and approved at the 2022 Annual General Meeting of the Company.




                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report     113
Significant Events



                                                                                                        In RMB ten thousand


                                                                                                  Percentage
                                                                   Estimated           Actual     of operating
                                                                  transaction    transaction         revenue/
                                                                  amount for          amount      expenses of     Impact on
                                        Type of related              the year    for the year the Company profit of the
Related party                           party transactions              2023               2023           (%)     Company


Yuexiu Capital                          Income                          1,500         111.32 Less than 0.01           111.32
                                        Expense                         1,000              0.14 Less than 0.01         -0.14
Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital                Income                          1,500         155.21 Less than 0.01           155.21
                                        Expense                         1,000              1.89 Less than 0.01         -1.89

Material related party/connected transactions in relation to joint external investment


Overview of matters                                               Query Index


On 30 September 2022, the 45th Meeting of the Seventh             For details, please refer to the announcements disclosed
Session of the Board of Directors of the Company                  by the Company on the HKEXnews website of HKEX
considered and approved the Proposal on the External              (https://www.hkexnews.hk) on 30 September 2022 and
Investment through a Subsidiary and agreed that CITIC             14 June 2023 and the prior approvals and independent
Securities Investment would make capital contribution to          opinions   issued   by    the   independent    non-executive
Xinchen Fund as a limited partner at a cash consideration of      Directors on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange
RMB141 million. Later, due to change in the list of the limited   (http://www.sse.com.cn) on 1 October 2022 and 15 June
partners and the amount of capital contribution from some of      2023. For details of the investment authorization, please
the limited partners of Xinchen Fund, the investment amount       refer to the Company’s report for the third quarter of 2022.
of CITIC Securities Investment changed accordingly. On
14 June 2023, the 8th Meeting of the Eighth Session of the
Board of Directors of the Company considered and approved
the Proposal on Changing the External Investment Amount of
Subsidiaries, and agreed that the investment amount of CITIC
Securities Investment investing in Xinchen Fund in cash would
be changed to RMB122 million. Upon approval by the Board
of Directors on the same day, CITIC Securities Investment
completed the signing of the changed fund partnership
contract with its related/connected investor CITIC Prudential
and other unrelated unconnected investors. As at the date
of the 2023 annual results announcement, CITIC Securities
Investment has completed an investment of RMB36.60
million.




114
Overview of matters                                               Query Index


On 21 July 2023, the 9th Meeting of the Eighth Session of the     For details, please refer to the announcement disclosed
Board of Directors of the Company considered and approved         by the Company on the HKEXnews website of HKEX
the Proposal on the External Investment through a Subsidiary      (https://www.hkexnews.hk) on 21 July 2023 and the
and agreed that GoldStone Investment would invest in              prior approvals and independent opinions issued by the
GoldStone Growth Equity Investment (Hangzhou) Partnership         independent non-executive Directors on the website of the
(Limited Partner) (金石成長股權投資(杭州) 合夥企業(有限合                          Shanghai Stock Exchange (http://www.sse.com.cn) on
夥)) (the name is subject to the industrial and commercial         22 July 2023. For details of the investment authorization,
registration) in cash, with an investment amount of RMB620        please refer to the Company’s 2023 Interim Report.
million. Upon approval by the Board of Directors on the same
day, GoldStone Investment signed the limited partnership
agreement with its related/connected investors, namely CITIC
Trust, CITIC City West Kechuang Large Corridor (Hangzhou)
Equity Investment Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership) (中
信城西科創大走廊(杭州)股權投資基金合夥企業(有限合夥))
and other unrelated/unconnected investors. As at the date of
the 2023 annual results announcement, GoldStone Growth
Equity Investment (Hangzhou) Partnership (Limited Partner)
has completed the industrial and commercial registration,




                                                                                                                               Significant Events
and GoldStone Investment has completed an investment of
RMB186 million.

On 8 September 2023, the 11th Meeting of the Eighth               For details, please refer to the announcement disclosed
Session of the Board of Directors of the Company considered       by the Company on the HKEXnews website of HKEX
and approved the Proposal on the External Investment              (https://www.hkexnews.hk) on 8 September 2023 and the
through a Subsidiary and agreed that GoldStone Investment         prior approvals and independent opinions issued by the
would   invest    in   Anhui   Conch   Goldstone     Innovation   independent non-executive Directors on the website of the
Development       Investment   Fund    Partnership     (Limited   Shanghai Stock Exchange (http://www.sse.com.cn) on
Partnership)     (安徽海螺金石創新發展投資基金合夥企業(有限                           9 September 2023.
合夥)) (the name is subject to the industrial and commercial
registration) in cash, with an investment amount of RMB500
million. Upon approval by the Board of Directors on the same
day, GoldStone Investment signed the limited partnership
agreement with its related/connected investors, namely
CITIC City West Kechuang Large Corridor (Hangzhou) Equity
Investment Fund Partnership (Limited Partnership), CITIC
Private Fund Management Co., Ltd. (中信私募基金管理有
限公司) and other unrelated/unconnected investors. Anhui
Conch Goldstone Innovation Development Investment Fund
Partnership (Limited Partnership) has completed the industrial
and commercial registration. As at the date of the 2023
annual results announcement, GoldStone Investment has
completed an investment of RMB50 million.



                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   115
Significant Events



Related party credits and debts

                                                                                                                                                                         In RMB Yuan


                                                                       Provision of funds to the related party              Provision of funds by the related party to listed companies
                                                                   Balance at                                 Balance at            Balance at                                  Balance at
                                                                the beginning                                     the end        the beginning                                     the end
                                           Related party      of the Reporting                          of the Reporting      of the Reporting                           of the Reporting
Related party                              relationship                 Period Amount incurred                     Period                Period Amount incurred                     Period


Subsidiaries of CITIC Group                Subsidiaries of      177,581,146.78       (76,334,176.89)      101,246,969.89         26,276,801.88         33,621,275.76         59,898,077.64
                                           Shareholder
Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital                   Shareholder with                   —                   —                     —         3,543,889.32             84,432.59          3,628,321.91
                                           non-controlling
                                           interest
Total                                                           177,581,146.78       (76,334,176.89)      101,246,969.89         29,820,691.20         33,705,708.35         63,526,399.55
Causes of the related party credits and debts                  Mainly include payables to the above related parties in connection with fund sales agency services, prepayments, receivables
                                                               from/payables to the above related parties in respect of deposits, margins and the project payment of CITIC
                                                               Financial Center


Impact of the related party credits and                        No adverse impact
  debts on the Company


Other related party/connected transactions
CITIC Securities Investment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, participated in the capital increase of China
Economic Information Service through public bidding on Shanghai United Assets and Equity Exchange, and held 1.24%
of its equity after the capital increase. Among the 12 investors participated in the capital increase, CITIC Press and CITIC
Investment Holdings are related/connected parties of the Company, and the investment constitutes a related/connected
transaction of the Company. On 4 August 2023, CITIC Securities Investment signed a capital increase agreement with China
Economic Information Service and its former shareholders, pursuant to which CITIC Securities Investment agreed to make a
capital contribution of RMB100 million in aggregate to China Economic Information Service. Such capital contribution shall
be completed on 7 August 2023. Such event does not constitute a material related party transaction of the Company under
the SSE Listing Rules. As the highest applicable percentage ratios in respect of the capital contribution did not exceed
0.1%, such transaction was exempt from the reporting, annual review, announcement and independent shareholders’
approval requirements under the Hong Kong Listing Rules.


Opinions of independent Directors
The aforesaid related party/connected transactions were conducted at market prices based on pricing principles that are
reasonable and fair. Such transactions are not prejudicial to the interests of the non-related/connected Shareholders and do
not have any adverse effect on the independence of the Company.




116
The independent non-executive Directors have confirmed, by way of special meetings of independent Directors and
resolutions of the Related Party Transactions Control Committee, that they have reviewed the above-mentioned non-exempt
day-to-day related party transactions/continuing connected transactions and considered that the transactions were:


•	conducted in the ordinary course of business of the Group;


•	on normal commercial terms, or if there is no comparable transaction to determine whether the terms of the
     transaction are on normal commercial terms, on terms no less favorable to the Group than those available from or to
     (as the case may be) independent third parties;


•    conducted according to the terms set out in relevant agreement, which were fair and reasonable and in the interests of
     the Shareholders as a whole.


Save as disclosed above, there is no related party transaction or continuing related party transaction set out in Note 56
to the Consolidated Financial Statements that falls into the category of connected transactions or continuing connected
transactions that need to be disclosed under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The Company has complied with the disclosure
requirements under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules with respect to the connected transactions and continuing
connected transactions of the Company.


Guarantees



                                                                                                                                Significant Events
During the Reporting Period, the total amount of guarantees provided by the Company and its subsidiaries to
subsidiaries was RMB80,640 million. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of guarantees by the Company
was RMB103,761 million, all of which were guarantees provided by the Company and its subsidiaries to subsidiaries,
representing 38.60% of the equity attributable to owners of the parent company as at the end of the Reporting Period.


Guarantees provided by the Company
According to the resolution approved at the Shareholders’ general meeting, and upon deliberation by the duly authorized
working group, the Company provided an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee on a joint and several basis for repayment
obligations under each batch of notes to be issued pursuant to an overseas medium-term notes program set up by CITIC
Securities Finance MTN, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The guarantee amount was US$3 billion
and the scope of the guarantee includes the principal, interest and other contingent account payables of overseas notes.
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the aggregate balance of existing notes under the above-mentioned medium-term
notes program was US$1,172 million, specifically: in 2019, CITIC Securities Finance MTN made a drawdown under the
medium-term notes program to issue five-year notes with an issue size of US$200 million; in 2020, CITIC Securities Finance
MTN made a drawdown under the medium-term notes program with an issue of five-year notes of US$500 million; in 2022,
CITIC Securities Finance MTN made a drawdown under the medium-term notes program with an issue size of US$175
million; in 2023, CITIC Securities Finance MTN made a drawdown under the medium-term notes program with an issue size
of US$297 million, including two-year notes of US$200 million and three-year notes of RMB700 million.


According to the resolution approved at the Shareholders’ general meeting and upon deliberation by the Company’s
management, the Company provided an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee for the Euro-commercial papers project
set up by CITIC Securities Finance MTN with a guarantee period from 12 May 2023 to 12 May 2028 and an amount of
US$3 billion. The scope of the guarantee includes the principal, interest and other contingent account payables of overseas
notes. During the Reporting Period, CITIC Securities Finance MTN issued five tranches of Euro-commercial papers in
aggregate with a total issue size of US$160 million. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of existing notes was
US$120 million.
                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   117
Significant Events



The Proposal on the Establishment of an Asset Management Subsidiary and the Corresponding Change to the Business
Scope of the Company was considered and approved at the 2021 First Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company,
which agreed that the Company would, in accordance with the regulatory requirements and depending on the risk control
indicators of the asset management subsidiary, provide an aggregate of no more than RMB7 billion (inclusive) of net
capital guarantee commitment to the asset management subsidiary, with an effective period of the net capital guarantee
commitment from the date of the establishment of the subsidiary to the time when its capital condition can meet the
requirements of regulatory authorities continuously; and authorized the operational management to complete the relevant
procedures according to practical needs and in compliance with regulatory requirements. During the Reporting Period, the
Company provided a total of RMB5 billion in net capital guarantees for CITIC Securities AM.


Guarantees provided by subsidiaries
During the Reporting Period, among all the subsidiaries of the Company, CSI had provided guarantees. All those guarantees
were provided by CSI and its subsidiaries in favour of their relevant subsidiaries for their business operations, which mainly
included loan guarantees and guarantees for medium-term notes, etc. The balance of the above-mentioned guarantee was
approximately RMB89,610 million as at 31 December 2023.


The above-mentioned debt guarantees directly or indirectly provided to guaranteed parties with a gearing ratio of more than
70% amounted to RMB98,761 million, all of which were guarantees provided by the Company and its overseas subsidiaries
to their respective subsidiaries to meet the needs of business operations. Among them, CLSA B.V. provided a debt
guarantee of maximum US$100 million to its 11 subsidiaries, and such guarantee of US$100 million has not been distributed
to guaranteed parties, nine of which had their gearing ratios of more than 70% as of the end of the Reporting Period.


In addition, CSI and its subsidiaries have issued guarantees for various International Swaps and Derivatives Association
agreements (ISDA), Global Master Repurchase agreements (GMRA), Global Master Securities Lending agreements (GMSLA)
and Broker-Dealer agreements, some of which are unlimited guarantees. The above-mentioned unlimited guarantees have
been issued in accordance with normal practices in the international banking industry and capital market, which allow the
banks and other financial institutions trading with CSI, CLSA B.V. and their subsidiaries to assume large market trading
volume and fluctuating demands, therefore ensuring CSI, CLSA B.V. and their subsidiaries are not unnecessarily constrained
in the normal course of business. Since both CSI and CLSA B.V. are companies with limited liabilities, the absolute maximum
exposure of these guarantees in aggregate would alternatively be limited to the respective net asset value of CSI and
CLSA B.V.




118
Other Significant Events and Subsequent Events
Changes to the branches
The Company
During the Reporting Period, the Company dissolved its Zhuji Daqiao Road Securities Outlet, completed the same-city
relocation of 35 branches, details of which are as follows:

Details are as follows:

 No.     Original Name of Branches           Current Name of Branches            Address After Relocation

 1       Wuhan Dongwu Avenue                 Wuhan Guanshan Avenue               No. 1 & No. 2, 24/F, Building T2,
          Securities Outlet                   Securities Outlet                    II Fanyue City, No. 21 Guanshan
                                                                                   Avenue, Hongshan District, Wuhan,
                                                                                   Hubei Province
 2       Beijing Dongsanhuan Central         Beijing Asian Games Village         No. 107, Inner 101, 1/F & No.
           Road Securities Outlet              Securities Outlet                   2906–2912 and 2915, Inner 2901,
                                                                                   29/F, Building 1, No. 8 Yard, Beichen
                                                                                   East Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing
 3       Shenyang Fengtian Street            Shenyang Shifu Road                 1–2/F, 338A (338A), Shifu Road,
           Securities Outlet                   Securities Outlet                   Shenhe District, Shenyang, Liaoning
                                                                                   Province




                                                                                                                            Significant Events
 4       Yichun Gaoshi Road Securities       Yichun Yiyang Avenue                No. 1–7 & 2–2, 1/F & 2/F, Building 60,
           Outlet                              Securities Outlet                   Yongyi • Feicuicheng, No. 505 Yiyang
                                                                                   Avenue, Yuanzhou District, Yichun,
                                                                                   Jiangxi Province
 5       Ganzhou Changzheng                  Ganzhou Dengfeng Avenue             Shops 6#, 7#, 8#, 9#, 18#, 19#,
          Avenue Securities Outlet            Securities Outlet                    Building 6, Qidian Xintiandi, No.
                                                                                   19 Dengfeng Avenue, Zhanggong
                                                                                   District, Ganzhou, Jiangxi Province
 6       Shanghai Anting Securities          Shanghai Shuangdan Road             Rooms 1703 & 1705–1708, No. 1068
           Outlet                              Securities Outlet                   Shuangdan Road, Jiading District,
                                                                                   Shanghai
 7       Fenghua Nanshan Road                Ningbo Tiantong South               101–8 & 2001–1, No. 639 Tiantong
           Securities Outlet                   Road Securities Outlet              South Road, Shounan Subdistrict,
                                                                                   Yinzhou District, Ningbo, Zhejiang
                                                                                   Province
 8       Chenzhou Yongjun Road               Chenzhou Nanhu Road                 111, 112 and 113, Building 1, Lehuo
           Securities Outlet                   Securities Outlet                   Gold Street, No. 126 Nanhu Road,
                                                                                   Chenjiang Subdistrict, Beihu District,
                                                                                   Chenzhou, Hunan Province
 9       Guangzhou Huacheng                  Guangzhou Huacheng                  Rooms 1601 & 1606, Yuehai Financial
          Square Securities Outlet            Square Securities Outlet             Center, Huacheng Square, No. 21
                                                                                   Zhujiang West Road, Tianhe District,
                                                                                   Guangzhou




                                                                CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   119
Significant Events



No.   Original Name of Branches    Current Name of Branches      Address After Relocation

10    Zhuzhou Huanghe North        Zhuzhou Zhujiang North        No. 104 & 116, Building 6, Lot B,
        Road Securities Outlet       Road Securities Outlet        Shennong Culture & Leisure Street,
                                                                   No. 199 Zhujiang North Road,
                                                                   Tianyuan District, Zhuzhou, Hunan
                                                                   Province
11    Shijiazhuang Huailing Road   Shijiazhuang Huai’an East     No. 101-9, Commercial Building, Ximei
        Securities Outlet            Road Securities Outlet        Fifth Avenue, No. 145 Huai’an East
                                                                   Road, Yuhua District, Shijiazhuang,
                                                                   Hebei Province
12    Ninghai Qixiang North Road   Ninghai Qixiang North Road    No. 572 & 574 Qixiang North Road,
        Securities Outlet            Securities Outlet             Taoyuan Subdistrict, Ninghai County,
                                                                   Ningbo, Zhejiang Province
13    Shanghai Ruijin South Road   Shanghai Kaibin Road          Room 201–3, No. 199 Kaibin Road,
        Securities Outlet            Securities Outlet             Xuhui District, Shanghai
14    Shanghai Century Avenue      Shanghai                      Room 102–111, 1/F, No. 112 & 138
        Securities Outlet            Shiboguan Road                Shiboguan Road, China (Shanghai)
                                     Securities Outlet             Pilot Free Trade Zone
15    Dalian Zhongshan Road        Dalian High-Tech Industrial   No. 01–06, 4/F, No. 6 Huoju Road,
        Securities Outlet            Zone Securities Outlet        High-Tech Industrial Zone, Dalian,
                                                                   Liaoning Province
16    Mianyang Linyuan Road        Mianyang Linyuan Road         No. 1, 1/F, Building 1, Meile • Stars of
        Securities Outlet            Securities Outlet             the City, No. 23 Linyuan Road West
                                                                   Section, Fucheng District, Mianyang
17    Fushun Yumin Road            Fushun Linjiang East Road     Shop No. 1 and No. 2, Building 69–2,
        Securities Outlet            Securities Outlet             Linjiang East Road, Shuncheng
                                                                   District, Fushun, Liaoning Province
18    Tangshan Jianshe North       Tangshan Dali North Road      North 1–2/F and South 3/F, No. 1,
        Road Securities Outlet       Securities Outlet             14/F, Yufengli Yasongju, Chaoyang
                                                                   Road, Lubei District, Tangshan, Hebei
                                                                   Province
19    Hangzhou Hangda Road         Hangzhou Jiaogong Road        Rooms 106 (C Area), 1301 (D Area),
        Securities Outlet            Securities Outlet             1302 (D Area), 1303 (D Area) and
                                                                   1305 (D Area), Building 1, Occidental
                                                                   Center, World Trade Lijing City, Xihu
                                                                   District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province
20    Shanghai Mudanjiang Road     Shanghai Baoshan District     Rooms 1508 & 1509, No. 7 Lane
        Securities Outlet            Tongji Road Securities        669, Tongji Road, Baoshan District,
                                     Outlet                        Shanghai
21    Shanghai Changshou Road      Shanghai Putuo District       Unit 401, 4/F (Nominal Floor: Unit 501,
        Securities Outlet            Changde Road Securities       5/F), No. 10 Lane 309, Changshou
                                     Outlet                        Road, Putuo District, Shanghai




120
No.   Original Name of Branches   Current Name of Branches            Address After Relocation

22    Changzhou Branch Office     Changzhou Branch Office             101 & 2101, No.5 Yanzheng Middle
                                                                        Road, Hutang Town, Wujin District,
                                                                        Changzhou
23    Baoding Dongfeng Middle     Baoding Fuxing Middle               No. 1773 Fuxing Middle Road, Lianchi
        Road Securities Outlet      Road Securities Outlet              District, Baoding, Hebei Province
24    Qinghai Branch Office       Qinghai Branch Office               Shop 17, East 6/F & 1/F, Building 2,
                                                                        Shengshida Finance Center, No.1
                                                                        Wenyuan Road, Chengxi District,
                                                                        Xining, Qinghai Province
25    Beijing Tiantongyuan        Beijing Tiantongyuan                A2, 1/F, Inner 103, -2 to 3/F,
        Securities Outlet           Securities Outlet                   Building 45, 2304–2306, 23/F and
                                                                        2401–2412, 24/F, Building 46, II
                                                                        Tiantongzhongyuan, Changping
                                                                        District, Beijing
26    Shenzhen Qianhai Branch     Shenzhen Qianhai Branch             Rooms 803B & 804, T1 Office Building,
        Office                      Office                              Qianhai Jiali Business Center, Qianhai
                                                                        Avenue, Nanshan Street, Qianhai
                                                                        Shenzhen-Hong Kong Co-operation
                                                                        Zone, Shenzhen




                                                                                                                 Significant Events
27    Hangzhou Gudun Road         Hangzhou Gudun Road                 Room 103 (a shop along Gudun Road,
        Securities Outlet           Securities Outlet                   facing Gudun Road), 1/F, and Rooms
                                                                        305 & 306, 3/F, Building 1, No. 8
                                                                        Gutian Lane (Gujing Business Center),
                                                                        Xihu District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang
                                                                        Province
28    Jiujiang Changhong Avenue   Jiujiang Changjiang Avenue          104 & 105, Building 34 & 35, I Xinhu
         Securities Outlet           Securities Outlet                  Chaisang Spring, No. 358 Changjiang
                                                                        Avenue, Economic Development
                                                                        Zone, Jiujiang, Jiangxi Province
29    Haiyan Hebin West Road      Haiyan Haifeng Middle               1/F & 3/F, Hai Feng Building, No. 132
        Securities Outlet           Road Securities Outlet              Hai Feng Middle Road, Wuyuan
                                                                        Street, Haiyan County, Jiaxing,
                                                                        Zhejiang Province
30    Yancheng Yingbin South      Yancheng Jiefang South              Room 111, Building 57, and Room
        Road Securities Outlet      Road Securities Outlet              111-1, Building 57, South, Qianjiang
                                                                        Fangzhou Community, Huanghai
                                                                        Street, Yannan High-tech Zone,
                                                                        Yancheng
31    Xuzhou Jiefang South Road   Xuzhou Jianguo West Road            8#-1-101, 8#-1-201 and 8#-1-202,
        Securities Outlet           Securities Outlet                   Jinxiu Jiayuan, Jianguo West Road,
                                                                        Quanshan District, Xuzhou
32    Hangzhou Shixin North       Hangzhou Shixin North               Room 2102, Building 2, Bodi Century
        Road Securities Outlet      Road Securities Outlet              Center, Ningwei Street, Xiaoshan
                                                                        District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province


                                                     CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   121
Significant Events



 No.     Original Name of Branches            Current Name of Branches             Address After Relocation

 33      Shanghai Hengfeng Road               Shanghai Jing’an District            Units 01–06, 07, 08, 09, 10 and 11,
           Securities Outlet                    Shanxi North Road                    2/F, No. 99 Shanxi North Road,
                                                Securities Outlet                    Jing’an District, Shanghai
 34      Shanghai Gonghe New                  Shanghai Songjiang District          19/F, No. 909 New Songjiang Road,
           District Securities Outlet           New Songjiang Road                   Songjiang District, Shanghai
                                                Securities Outlet
 35      Shanghai Jiading Securities          Shanghai Qingpu District             Room 602 (Nominal: Room 702), 6/F,
           Outlet                               Xumin Road Securities               No. 1 & 5 Lane 168, Xumin Road,
                                                Outlet                              Qingpu District, Shanghai

As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company had 45 branch offices and 222 securities outlets.


CITIC Securities (Shandong)
During the Reporting Period, CITIC Securities (Shandong) dissolved its Qingdao Fuzhou South Road Securities Outlet,
Qingdao Jingsong 7th Road Securities Outlet, Liaocheng Huangshan Road Securities Outlet and Zibo Food Street Securities
Outlet, and completed the same-city relocation of 4 branches, details of which are as follows:


 No.     Original Name of Branches        Current Name of Branches               Address after Relocation

 1       Binzhou Huanghe 2nd Road         Binzhou Huanghe 6th Road               Rooms 101–104 on the east first floor
           Securities Outlet                 Securities Outlet                     and rooms 201–218 on the second
                                                                                   floor of Building No. 11 (living security
                                                                                   housing), Tiantaixuefu, No. 498-1
                                                                                   Huanghe 6th Road, Bincheng District,
                                                                                   Binzhou, Shandong Province
 2       Linyi Jinqueshan Road            Linyi Jinqueshan Road                  Rooms 2601–2604 & 2607–2609,
           Securities Outlet                 Securities Outlet                     26/F, Block A, Kaiyuan Shangcheng
                                                                                   International, No. 10 Jinqueshan Road,
                                                                                   Lanshan District, Linyi, Shandong
                                                                                   Province
 3       Qingdao West Coast New           Qingdao West Coast New                 Huangdao District (original east side
           District Jinggangshan             District Lushan Road                  of Household 101 and west side of
           Road Securities Outlet            Securities Outlet                     Household 201, No. 57-1 Lushan
                                                                                   Road, Development Zone), Qingdao,
                                                                                   Shandong Province
 4       Tengzhou Xinxing North           Tengzhou Tasi North Road               2/F, No. A66 Business Room, Building 6,
           Road Securities Outlet            Securities Outlet                     Xiangyu Jingdian Community, No. 888
                                                                                   Tasi North Road, Tengzhou, Shandong
                                                                                   Province

As at the end of the Reporting Period, CITIC Securities (Shandong) had 6 branch offices and 59 securities outlets.




122
CITIC Futures
During the Reporting Period, CITIC Futures established one new branch office and completed the relocation of 6 branches.


Details of the new establishment are as follows:


 No.     Name of the Branch Office                       New Address


 1       Fuzhou Branch Office                            Office 04, 10/F, Hengli Finance Center, No. 6 Guanfengting Street,
                                                           Gudong Street, Gulou District, Fuzhou, Fujian Province

Details of the relocation are as follows (no change of name is involved):


 No.   Name of Branches                        Address after Relocation

 1     Xinjiang Branch Office                  Rooms R, S, T, U, V and W, 34/F, Zhongtian Building, No. 165 Xinhua North
                                                   Road, Tianshan District, Urumqi, Xinjiang
 2     Shanghai Branch Office                  Units 1301-1 & 1802, No. 799 Yanggao South Road, China (Shanghai) Pilot
                                                   Free Trade Zone
 3     Heilongjiang Branch Office              Units 8, 9, 10 and 11, 10/F, No. 1895 Qunli Fourth Avenue, Daoli District,
                                                   Harbin, Heilongjiang




                                                                                                                                    Significant Events
 4     Wuhu Branch Office                      Rooms 1706 & 1707, Weixing Times Financial Center, Jinghu District, Wuhu
 5     Shanxi Branch Office                    No. 601, 6/F, Unit 1, Building 1, Hongsheng Times Financial Plaza, No. 1
                                                   Jifu Road, Jinyuan District, Taiyuan
 6     Shaoxing Outlet                         Room 1611–1616, Xiangyuan Building, No. 299 Houshu Road, Yuecheng
                                                   District, Shaoxing, Zhejiang Province

As at the end of the Reporting Period, CITIC Futures had 47 branch offices and 4 futures outlets.


CITIC Securities South China
During the Reporting Period, CITIC Securities South China newly established one securities outlet and completed the
same-city relocation of nine branches.


Details of the new establishment are as follows:


 No.     Name of the Outlets                              Address


 1       Zhanjiang North Renmin Boulevard                 Shops 07–11, LG 1, Building 26, Prosperous Palace, No. 3 North
           Securities Outlet                                Renmin Boulevard, Zhanjiang Economic and Technological
                                                            Development Zone




                                                                     CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report      123
Significant Events



Details of the relocation are as follows:


 No.     Original Name of Branches          Current Name of Branches           Address After Relocation

 1       Guangzhou Chenyue Road             Guangzhou Chenyue Road             Shops 107–109, No. 1 Chenyue Road,
           Securities Outlet                 Securities Outlet                 Haizhu District, Guangzhou
 2       Guangzhou Fengle Middle            Guangzhou East Huangpu             Room 3303, No. 840 East Huangpu
           Road Securities Outlet            Avenue Securities Outlet            Avenue, Huangpu District, Guangzhou
 3       Guangzhou Panyu Dashi              Guangzhou Panyu Fuhua Road         No. 11-2 Fuhua Road, 225 & 226, No. 15
           Securities Outlet                 Securities Outlet                   Fuhua Road, Zhongcun Street, Panyu
                                                                                 District, Guangzhou
 4       Guangzhou Panyu Fuhua West         Guangzhou Panyu Qinghe East        201, No. 266 Qinghe East Road, Shiqiao
           Road Securities Outlet            Road Securities Outlet              Street, Panyu District, Guangzhou
 5       Guangzhou Airport Road             Guangzhou Airport Road             Units 02 and 03A, 13/F, No. 31 Airport
           Securities Outlet                 Securities Outlet                   Road, Baiyun District, Guangzhou
 6       Guangzhou Jiangnan Avenue          Guangzhou Changgang East           Room 1202, Room 1203, Room 1204,
           Securities Outlet                 Road Securities Outlet              No. 257-1, Changgang East Road,
                                                                                 Haizhu District, Guangzhou
 7       Guangdong Branch Office            Guangdong Branch Office            Room 1001 (Position: Self-edited 02) and
                                                                                 Room 1101 (Position: Self-edited 04),
                                                                                 No. 395 Linjiang Avenue, Tianhe District,
                                                                                 Guangzhou
 8       Guangzhou Ruifeng Avenue           Guangzhou East Huangpu             Room 3303, No.840 East Huangpu
           Securities Outlet                 Avenue Xingxin Center               Avenue, Huangpu District, Guangzhou
                                             Securities Outlet
 9       Guangzhou Zhujiang West            Guangzhou Zhujiang West Road       Room 5901 (Part: Self-edited Unit B),
           Road Securities Outlet            Securities Outlet                   No. 5, Zhujiang West Road, Tianhe
                                                                                 District, Guangzhou

As at the end of the Reporting Period, CITIC Securities South China had two branch offices and 30 securities outlets.

CSI
During the Reporting Period, CSI newly established one branch, details of which are as follows:


 No.     Name of Branch                               Address


 1       Tsim Sha Tsui Branch                         G15–16, G/F, Park Lane (Site D), 111–181 Nathan Road,
                                                         Tsim Sha Tsui, Kowloon, Hong Kong

As at the end of the Reporting Period, CSI had six branches.




124
Kington Securities
During the Reporting Period, there were no changes in the branches of Kington Securities. As at the end of the Reporting
Period, Kington Securities had two securities outlets.


Subsequent progress of matters previously announced
Deregistration of CITIC Securities Qingdao Training Centre
On 28 October 2021, the 29th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board of the Company considered and approved the
Resolution on the Deregistration of Qingdao Training Centre, and agreed to deregister CITIC Securities Qingdao Training
Centre; agreed to exempt the remaining shareholder loans that cannot be repaid by CITIC Securities Qingdao Training
Centre from debt. CITIC Securities Qingdao Training Centre signed a Debt Exemption Agreement with the Company on
8 May 2023, and completed the deregistration on 18 December 2023.


External Investment through Subsidiaries
On 8 July 2022, the 43rd Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board of Directors of the Company considered and
approved the Proposal on Subscription of Additional Fund Interests by a Subsidiary, agreeing that GoldStone Investment
could make an additional capital contribution of RMB1.1 billion to GoldStone New Materials Fund for Manufacturing
Transformation and Upgrading (Limited Partnership) (金石製造業轉型升級新材料基金(有限合夥)) with its self-owned funds,
with its total capital contribution increasing to RMB2.1 billion. GoldStone Investment completed this additional subscription
in December 2023.




                                                                                                                                  Significant Events
Deregistration of CITIC Securities Overseas Investment
On 19 January 2023, the Second Meeting of the Eighth Session of the Board of the Company considered and approved
the Resolution on the Deregistration of CITIC Securities Overseas Investment Company Limited, and agreed to deregister
CITIC Securities Overseas Investment Company Limited (formerly a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, hereinafter
referred to as CITIC Securities Overseas Investment), and to authorize the Company’s management to handle relevant
audit evaluations and issue shareholder decisions related to the deregistration all specific matters related to liquidation and
deregistration procedures. CITIC Securities Overseas Investment was deregistered on 6 October 2023.




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report    125
Changes in Shares and
Information on Substantial Shareholders
Issuance and Listing of Securities

                                                                                                                       In RMB100 million


                                                                                                                  Amount
                                                                                                                 approved
                                                   Issue price (or                                        for listing and     Maturity
Bonds                            Date of Issue      interest rate)         Issue size Date of listing             trading         date


Bonds (including enterprise bonds, corporate bonds and debt financing instrument of non-financial enterprises)
Short-term Corporate Bonds           2023.01.11             2.58%                 30        2023.01.18                 30    2023.07.12
Corporate Bonds                      2023.02.06             2.95%                 30        2023.02.13                 30    2025.02.08
Short-term Corporate Bonds           2023.02.09             2.65%                 30        2023.02.16                 30    2023.11.10
Corporate Bonds                      2023.02.17             2.89%                 15        2023.02.24                 15    2025.02.21
Corporate Bonds                      2023.02.17             3.06%                 30        2023.02.24                 30    2026.02.26
Short-term Corporate Bonds           2023.03.03             2.70%                 40        2023.03.10                 40    2023.09.07
Corporate Bonds                      2023.03.09             3.01%                 20        2023.03.16                 20    2025.03.13
Corporate Bonds                      2023.03.09             3.32%                 20        2023.03.16                 20    2028.03.13
Short-term Corporate Bonds           2023.03.23             2.58%                 50        2023.03.30                 50    2023.09.27
Corporate Bonds                      2023.04.17             2.87%                 20        2023.04.24                 20    2025.04.19
Corporate Bonds                      2023.04.17             3.17%                 25        2023.04.24                 25    2028.04.19
Short-term Corporate Bonds           2023.04.24             2.55%                 50        2023.05.04                 50    2023.10.26
Corporate Bonds                      2023.05.11             2.53%                 35        2023.05.18                 35    2024.05.17
Corporate Bonds                      2023.05.11             2.90%                 35        2023.05.18                 35    2026.05.15
Short-term Corporate Bonds           2023.05.22             2.35%                 40        2023.05.29                 40    2023.11.24
Corporate Bonds                      2023.05.26             2.47%                 30        2023.06.02                 30    2024.05.24
Corporate Bonds                      2023.05.26             2.89%                 20        2023.06.02                 20    2026.05.30
Corporate Bonds                      2023.06.09             2.64%                   5       2023.06.16                  5    2025.06.13
Corporate Bonds                      2023.06.09             2.80%                 25        2023.06.16                 25    2026.06.13
Corporate Bonds                      2023.07.05             2.64%                 20        2023.07.12                 20    2025.07.07
Corporate Bonds                      2023.07.05             2.75%                   5       2023.07.12                  5    2026.07.07
Corporate Bonds                      2023.08.10             2.54%                 25        2023.08.17                 25    2025.08.14
Corporate Bonds                      2023.08.10             2.72%                 20        2023.08.17                 20    2026.08.14
Short-term Corporate Bonds           2023.08.17             2.12%                 40        2023.08.24                 40    2024.02.21
Corporate Bonds                      2023.08.28             2.53%                 10        2023.09.04                 10    2025.08.30
Corporate Bonds                      2023.08.28             2.70%                 20        2023.09.04                 20    2026.08.30
Short-term Corporate Bonds           2023.09.07             2.45%                 50        2023.09.14                 50    2024.09.11
Corporate Bonds                      2023.09.08             2.93%                 25        2023.09.15                 25    2026.09.12
Short-term Corporate Bonds           2023.09.14             2.52%                 40        2023.09.21                 40    2024.09.18
Corporate Bonds                      2023.09.18             2.86%                 18        2023.09.25                 18    2026.09.20
Corporate Bonds                      2023.09.18             3.10%                 22        2023.09.26                 22    2028.09.20
Short-term Corporate Bonds           2023.09.25             2.53%                 40        2023.10.10                 40    2024.06.27
Perpetual subordinated bonds         2023.10.13             3.58%                 30        2023.10.20                 30            —
Corporate Bonds                      2023.10.17             2.80%                 13        2023.10.24                 13    2025.10.19
Corporate Bonds                      2023.10.17             2.90%                 27        2023.10.24                 27    2026.10.19
Short-term Corporate Bonds           2023.10.27             2.72%                 60        2023.11.03                 60    2024.10.31
Corporate Bonds                      2023.11.03             2.78%                 25        2023.11.10                 25    2025.11.07
Corporate Bonds                      2023.11.03             3.10%                 35        2023.11.10                 35    2028.11.07
Short-term Corporate Bonds           2023.11.09             2.70%                 30        2023.11.16                 30    2024.11.13



126
                                                                                                      Amount
                                                                                                    approved
                                              Issue price (or                                   for listing and    Maturity
Bonds                         Date of Issue    interest rate)      Issue size Date of listing          trading          date


Subordinated bonds               2023.11.10            2.75%               10      2023.11.17               10    2024.11.14
Subordinated bonds               2023.11.10            3.10%               10      2023.11.17               10    2026.11.14
Corporate Bonds                  2023.11.17            2.87%               25      2023.11.24               25    2026.11.21
Short-term Corporate Bonds       2023.11.23            2.64%               40      2023.11.30               40    2024.05.29
Corporate Bonds                  2023.12.18            2.80%               10      2023.12.25               10    2025.12.20
Corporate Bonds                  2023.12.18            2.90%               40      2023.12.25               40    2026.12.20

On 11 January 2023, the Company issued the 2023 public short-term corporate bonds (Tranche 1) with an issue size of
RMB3.0 billion, a nominal interest rate of 2.58% and a term of 180 days. The 2023 public short-term corporate bonds
(Tranche 1) were listed on the SSE on 18 January 2023.


On 6 February 2023, the Company issued the 2023 public corporate bonds (Tranche 1) with an issue size of RMB3.0 billion,
a nominal interest rate of 2.95% and a term of two years. The 2023 public corporate bonds (Tranche 1) were listed on the
SSE on 13 February 2023.


On 9 February 2023, the Company issued the 2023 public short-term corporate bonds (Tranche 2) with an issue size of
RMB3.0 billion, a nominal interest rate of 2.65% and a term of 270 days. The 2023 public short-term corporate bonds
(Tranche 2) were listed on the SSE on 16 February 2023.




                                                                                                                               Changes in Shares and Information on Substantial Shareholders
On 17 February 2023, the Company issued the 2023 public corporate bonds (Tranche 2) consisting of two types, among
which, type 1 had an issue size of RMB1.5 billion with a nominal interest rate of 2.89% and a term of two years, and type
2 had an issue size of RMB3.0 billion with a nominal interest rate of 3.06% and a term of 1,101 days. The 2023 public
corporate bonds (Tranche 2) were listed on the SSE on 24 February 2023.


On 3 March 2023, the Company issued the 2023 public short-term corporate bonds (Tranche 3) with an issue size of
RMB4.0 billion, a nominal interest rate of 2.70% and a term of 184 days. The 2023 public short-term corporate bonds
(Tranche 3) were listed on the SSE on 10 March 2023.


On 9 March 2023, the Company issued the 2023 public corporate bonds (Tranche 3) consisting of two types, among which,
type 1 had an issue size of RMB2.0 billion with a nominal interest rate of 3.01% and a term of two years, and type 2 had an
issue size of RMB2.0 billion with a nominal interest rate of 3.32% and a term of five years. The 2023 public corporate bonds
(Tranche 3) were listed on the SSE on 16 March 2023.


On 23 March 2023, the Company issued the 2023 public short-term corporate bonds (Tranche 4) with an issue size of
RMB5.0 billion, a nominal interest rate of 2.58% and a term of 184 days. The 2023 public short-term corporate bonds
(Tranche 4) were listed on the SSE on 30 March 2023.




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report    127
Changes in Shares and
Information on Substantial Shareholders

On 17 April 2023, the Company issued the 2023 public corporate bonds (Tranche 4) consisting of two types, among which,
type 1 had an issue size of RMB2.0 billion with a nominal interest rate of 2.87% and a term of two years, and type 2 had an
issue size of RMB2.5 billion with a nominal interest rate of 3.17% and a term of five years. The 2023 public corporate bonds
(Tranche 4) were listed on the SSE on 24 April 2023.


On 24 April 2023, the Company issued the 2023 public short-term corporate bonds (Tranche 5) with an issue size of
RMB5.0 billion, a nominal interest rate of 2.55% and a term of 183 days. The 2023 public short-term corporate bonds
(Tranche 5) were listed on the SSE on 4 May 2023.


On 11 May 2023, the Company issued the 2023 public corporate bonds (Tranche 5) consisting of two types, among which,
type 1 had an issue size of RMB3.5 billion with a nominal interest rate of 2.53% and a term of 368 days, and type 2 had
an issue size of RMB3.5 billion with a nominal interest rate of 2.90% and a term of three years. The 2023 public corporate
bonds (Tranche 5) were listed on the SSE on 18 May 2023.


On 22 May 2023, the Company issued the 2023 public short-term corporate bonds (Tranche 6) with an issue size of
RMB4.0 billion, a nominal interest rate of 2.35% and a term of 184 days. The 2023 public short-term corporate bonds
(Tranche 6) were listed on the SSE on 29 May 2023.


On 26 May 2023, the Company issued the 2023 public corporate bonds (Tranche 6) consisting of two types, among which,
type 1 had an issue size of RMB3.0 billion with a nominal interest rate of 2.47% and a term of 360 days, and type 2 had
an issue size of RMB2.0 billion with a nominal interest rate of 2.89% and a term of three years. The 2023 public corporate
bonds (Tranche 6) were listed on the SSE on 2 June 2023.
                                                                                                                               2.1.14.1.1.
On 9 June 2023, the Company issued the 2023 public corporate bonds (Tranche 7) consisting of two types, among which,
type 1 had an issue size of RMB0.5 billion with a nominal interest rate of 2.64% and a term of two years, and type 2 had
an issue size of RMB2.5 billion with a nominal interest rate of 2.80% and a term of three years. The 2023 public corporate
bonds (Tranche 7) were listed on the SSE on 16 June 2023.


On 5 July 2023, the Company issued the 2023 public corporate bonds (Tranche 8) consisting of two types, among which,
type 1 had an issue size of RMB2.0 billion with a nominal interest rate of 2.64% and a term of two years, and type 2 had
an issue size of RMB0.5 billion with a nominal interest rate of 2.75% and a term of three years. The 2023 public corporate
bonds (Tranche 8) were listed on the SSE on 12 July 2023.


On 10 August 2023, the Company issued the 2023 public corporate bonds (Tranche 9) consisting of two types, among
which, type 1 had an issue size of RMB2.5 billion with a nominal interest rate of 2.54% and a term of two years, and type
2 had an issue size of RMB2.0 billion with a nominal interest rate of 2.72% and a term of three years. The 2023 public
corporate bonds (Tranche 9) were listed on the SSE on 17 August 2023.


On 17 August 2023, the Company issued the 2023 public short-term corporate bonds (Tranche 7) with an issue size of
RMB4.0 billion, a nominal interest rate of 2.12% and a term of 184 days. The 2023 public short-term corporate bonds
(Tranche 7) were listed on the SSE on 24 August 2023.




128
On 28 August 2023, the Company issued the 2023 public corporate bonds (Tranche 10) consisting of two types, among
which, type 1 had an issue size of RMB1.0 billion with a nominal interest rate of 2.53% and a term of two years, and type
2 had an issue size of RMB2.0 billion with a nominal interest rate of 2.70% and a term of three years. The 2023 public
corporate bonds (Tranche 10) were listed on the SSE on 4 September 2023.


On 7 September 2023, the Company issued the 2023 public short-term corporate bonds (Tranche 8) with an issue size
of RMB5.0 billion, a nominal interest rate of 2.45% and a term of one year. The 2023 public short-term corporate bonds
(Tranche 8) were listed on the SSE on 14 September 2023.


On 8 September 2023, the Company issued the 2023 public corporate bonds (Tranche 11) consisting of two types, among
which, type 1 had not been issued yet, and type 2 had an issue size of RMB2.5 billion with a nominal interest rate of 2.93%
and a term of three years. The 2023 public corporate bonds (Tranche 11) were listed on the SSE on 15 September 2023.


On 14 September 2023, the Company issued the 2023 public short-term corporate bonds (Tranche 9) with an issue size
of RMB4.0 billion, a nominal interest rate of 2.52% and a term of one year. The 2023 public short-term corporate bonds
(Tranche 9) were listed on the SSE on 21 September 2023.


On 18 September 2023, the Company issued the 2023 public corporate bonds (Tranche 12) consisting of two types,
among which, type 1 had an issue size of RMB1.8 billion with a nominal interest rate of 2.86% and a term of three years,
and type 2 had an issue size of RMB2.2 billion with a nominal interest rate of 3.10% and a term of five years. The 2023
public corporate bonds (Tranche 12) were listed on the SSE on 25 and 26 September 2023.


On 25 September 2023, the Company issued the 2023 public short-term corporate bonds (Tranche 10) with an issue size
of RMB4.0 billion, a nominal interest rate of 2.53% and a term of 274 days. The 2023 public short-term corporate bonds




                                                                                                                                Changes in Shares and Information on Substantial Shareholders
(Tranche 10) were listed on the SSE on 10 October 2023.


On 13 October 2023, the Company issued the 2023 public perpetual subordinated bonds (Tranche 1) which had an issue
size of RMB3.0 billion with a nominal interest rate of 3.58% (fixed in the first five years when the bonds subsist. If the
Company does not exercise its redemption rights, the nominal interest rate will be reset once every five years from the
beginning of the sixth year) and a basic term of five years. The 2023 public perpetual subordinated bonds (Tranche 1) were
listed on the SSE on 20 October 2023.


On 17 October 2023, the Company issued the 2023 public corporate bonds (Tranche 13) consisting of two types, among
which, type 1 had an issue size of RMB1.3 billion with a nominal interest rate of 2.80% and a term of two years, and type
2 had an issue size of RMB2.7 billion with a nominal interest rate of 2.90% and a term of three years. The 2023 public
corporate bonds (Tranche 13) were listed on the SSE on 24 October 2023.


On 27 October 2023, the Company issued the 2023 public short-term corporate bonds (Tranche 11) with an issue size
of RMB6.0 billion, a nominal interest rate of 2.72% and a term of one year. The 2023 public short-term corporate bonds
(Tranche 11) were listed on the SSE on 3 November 2023.


On 3 November 2023, the Company issued the 2023 public corporate bonds (Tranche 14) consisting of two types, among
which, type 1 had an issue size of RMB2.5 billion with a nominal interest rate of 2.78% and a term of two years, and type 2
had an issue size of RMB3.5 billion with a nominal interest rate of 3.10% and a term of five years. The 2023 public corporate
bonds (Tranche 14) were listed on the SSE on 10 November 2023.

                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   129
Changes in Shares and
Information on Substantial Shareholders

On 9 November 2023, the Company issued the 2023 public short-term corporate bonds (Tranche 12) with an issue size
of RMB3.0 billion, a nominal interest rate of 2.70% and a term of one year. The 2023 public short-term corporate bonds
(Tranche 12) were listed on the SSE on 16 November 2023.


On 10 November 2023, the Company issued the 2023 public subordinated bonds (Tranche 1) consisting of two types,
among which, type 1 had an issue size of RMB1.0 billion with a nominal interest rate of 2.75% and a term of one year, and
type 2 had an issue size of RMB1.0 billion with a nominal interest rate of 3.10% and a term of three years. The 2023 public
subordinated bonds (Tranche 1) were listed on the SSE on 17 November 2023.


On 17 November 2023, the Company issued the 2023 public corporate bonds (Tranche 15) consisting of two types, among
which, type 1 had not been issued yet, and type 2 had an issue size of RMB2.5 billion with a nominal interest rate of 2.87%
and a term of three years. The 2023 public corporate bonds (Tranche 15) were listed on the SSE on 24 November 2023.


On 23 November 2023, the Company issued the 2023 public short-term corporate bonds (Tranche 13) with an issue size
of RMB4.0 billion, a nominal interest rate of 2.64% and a term of 184 days. The 2023 public short-term corporate bonds
(Tranche 13) were listed on the SSE on 30 November 2023.


On 18 December 2023, the Company issued the 2023 public corporate bonds (Tranche 16) consisting of two types, among
which, type 1 had an issue size of RMB1.0 billion with a nominal interest rate of 2.80% and a term of two years, and type
2 had an issue size of RMB4.0 billion with a nominal interest rate of 2.90% and a term of three years. The 2023 public
corporate bonds (Tranche 16) were listed on the SSE on 25 December 2023.


Information on Shareholders
Total number of Shareholders of the Company as at 31 December 2023: 535,516 Shareholders, including 535,359 A
Shareholders and 157 registered H Shareholders.


Total number of Shareholders of the Company as at the end of the month immediately preceding the date of publication of
the 2023 annual results announcement (i.e. 29 February 2024): 518,695 Shareholders, including 518,536 A Shareholders
and 159 registered H Shareholders.




130
Shareholdings of the top 10 Shareholders as at 31 December 2023
                                                                                                                                          Unit: Share


                            Shareholdings of the top 10 Shareholders (excluding lending of shares through refinancing)
                                                                                               Number
                                                               Number of                     of Shares   Shares pledged,
                                            Change during     Shares held                 held subject   marked or frozen
                                             the Reporting      at the end   Percentage     to trading                          Nature of the
Full name of Shareholder                            Period   of the period          (%)   moratorium      Status    Number      Shareholder


HKSCC Nominees LimitedNote 1                      114,480    2,619,001,276        17.67             —    Unknown            —   Foreign legal person

China CITIC Financial Holdings                          —    2,299,650,108        15.52             —         Nil           —   State-owned legal
  Co., Ltd.Note 2                                                                                                                 person
Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital Holdings                       —     626,191,828          4.23   626,191,828         Nil           —   State-owned legal
 Co., Ltd.Note 3                                                                                                                  person
Hong Kong Securities Clearing                 -105,221,490    440,826,356          2.97             —         Nil           —   Foreign legal person
  Company LimitedNote 4
Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital Holdings                       —     305,155,945          2.06   305,155,945         Nil           —   State-owned legal
 Group Co., Ltd.Note 3                                                                                                            person
China Construction Bank Corporation —            9,526,310    210,325,343          1.42             —         Nil           —   Unknown
  Guotai CSI All Share Securities Company
  Trading Index Securities Investment
  Open-ended Fund
Central Huijin Asset Management                         —     205,146,964          1.38            —          Nil           —   State-owned legal
  Corporation Limited                                                                                                             person




                                                                                                                                                          Changes in Shares and Information on Substantial Shareholders
Da Cheng Fund — Agricultural Bank —                     —     176,785,150          1.19            —          Nil           —   Unknown
  Da Cheng China Securities and Financial
  Assets Management Program
China AMC Fund — Agricultural Bank —                    —     166,143,027          1.12            —          Nil           —   Unknown
  China AMC China Securities and
  Financial Assets Management Program
Zhong Ou Fund —Agricultural Bank —                      —     161,205,735          1.09            —          Nil           —   Unknown
  Zhong Ou China Securities and Financial
  Assets Management Program




                                                                                CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report                 131
Changes in Shares and
Information on Substantial Shareholders

Shareholdings of the top 10 holders of tradable Shares not subject to trading moratorium

                                                                                                                                        Unit: Share


                                                                         Number of
                                                                   tradable Shares
                                                                   held not subject
                                                                          to trading                 Class and number of Shares
 Name of Shareholders                                                  moratorium                                Class          Number

 HKSCC Nominees Limited                                                2,619,001,276       Overseas-listed foreign shares           2,619,001,276
 China CITIC Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.                              2,299,650,108               RMB ordinary Shares              2,299,650,108
 Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company                                   440,826,356               RMB ordinary Shares                440,826,356
   Limited
 China Construction Bank Corporation —                                   210,325,343                 RMB ordinary Shares              210,325,343
   Guotai CSI All Share Securities Company
   Trading Index Securities Investment
   Open-ended Fund
 Central Huijin Asset Management Corporation                             205,146,964                 RMB ordinary Shares              205,146,964
   Limited
 Da Cheng Fund — Agricultural Bank — Da                                  176,785,150                RMB ordinary Shares               176,785,150
   Cheng China Securities and Financial Assets
   Management Program
 China AMC Fund — Agricultural Bank —                                    166,143,027                RMB ordinary Shares               166,143,027
   China AMC China Securities and Financial
   Assets Management Program
 Zhong Ou Fund — Agricultural Bank — Zhong                               161,205,735                RMB ordinary Shares               161,205,735
   Ou China Securities and Financial Assets
   Management Program
 GF Fund — Agricultural Bank — GF China                                  161,057,499                RMB ordinary Shares               161,057,499
   Securities and Financial Assets Management
   Program
 China Southern Fund — Agricultural Bank —                               160,527,420                RMB ordinary Shares               160,527,420
   China Southern China Securities and
   Financial Assets Management Program
 Details of related party or concert                              Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital Holdings Co., Ltd. is a wholly-owned subsidiary
 party relationship among the                                     of Guangzhou Yuexiu Financial Holdings Group Co., Ltd., and the two
 above Shareholders                                               companies are parties acting in concert. The Company is unaware of
                                                                  whether there is any related party or concert party relationship among the
                                                                  other Shareholders listed above.

Note 1: HKSCC Nominees Limited is the nominal holder of the Shares held by non-registered H Shareholders of the Company.

Note 2: In August 2023, the Company’s former largest Shareholder CITIC Corporation Limited and its party acting in concert CITIC Limited, gratuitously
        transferred 2,299,650,108 A Shares and 434,311,604 H Shares of the Company held by them to CITIC Financial Holdings. For further details, see
        the “Detailed Report on Changes in Equity of CITIC Securities Company Limited” disclosed on the website of the Shanghai Stock Exchange on 23
        June 2022. As at 31 December 2023, CITIC Financial Holdings held 2,299,650,108 A Shares, 551,231,104 H Shares of the Company, and a total of
        2,850,881,212 Shares of the Company, accounting for 19.24% of the total issued Shares of the Company.




132
Note 3: As at 31 December 2023, Yuexiu Capital directly held 305,155,945 A Shares of the Company, Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital directly held 626,191,828 A
        Shares of the Company, indirectly held 229,673,100 H Shares of the Company as a non-registered Shareholder of the Southbound Trading Connect,
        and indirectly held 125,966,093 H Shares of the Company through its wholly-owned subsidiary of Yuexiu Financial International, totaling 1,286,986,966
        Shares of the Company, accounting for 8.68% of the total issued Shares of the Company.

Note 4: The Shares held by Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited refer to Shares held by non-registered Shareholders of the Shanghai- Hong Kong
        Stock Connect.

Note 5: Nature of A Shareholders represents the nature of account held by A Shareholders registered with the Shanghai branch of CSDC.

Note 6: As the Shares of the Company could be used as underlying securities for margin financing and securities lending, the shareholdings of the
        Shareholders are the aggregate of all the Shares and interests held in ordinary securities accounts and credit securities accounts.


Lending shares of top 10 holders engaging in refinancing business

                                                                                                                                             Unit: Shares


                                  Shareholdings                       Lending                       Shareholdings                       Lending
                                   for ordinary                shares for refinancing                for ordinary                shares for refinancing
                                   account and              business and outstanding                 account and               business and outstanding
                                credit account at                         at                      credit account at                         at
                                  the beginning                    the beginning                      the end of                       the end of
                                   of the period                    of the period                     the period                       the period
 Name of
 shareholders                     Total      Percentage          Total         Percentage           Total      Percentage           Total        Percentage
 (full name)                   Number                 (%)     Number                   (%)       Number                 (%)      Number                  (%)


 China Construction        200,799,033               1.35      935,800                0.01 210,325,343                 1.42    1,630,000                0.01




                                                                                                                                                                Changes in Shares and Information on Substantial Shareholders
    Bank Corporation
    — Guotai CSI
    All Share
    Securities
    Company
    Trading
    Index Securities
    Investment
    Open-ended
    Fund

Note:	Based on the data provided by the China Securities Finance Corporation Limited, the Company discloses the above lending shares of holders engaging
       in refinancing business, which are not included in Shareholdings of the top 10 Shareholders (excluding lending of shares through refinancing) and
       Shareholdings of the top 10 holders of tradable Shares not subject to trading moratorium.




                                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report                133
Changes in Shares and
Information on Substantial Shareholders

The changes of top 10 holders as compared with the last period
                                                                                                                                              Unit: Shares


                           The changes of top 10 holders as compared with the end of the last period
                                                                                                               Shareholdings for shareholders’
                                                                                                                  ordinary account and credit
                                                                            Lending shares for                  account and number of lending
                                                                        refinancing business and                shares for refinancing business
                                                                            outstanding at the                        and outstanding at the
                                                                             end of the period                            end of the period
 Name of                                   Newly-Added/exit
 Shareholder                                         during this               Total         Percentage                      Total           Percentage
 (full name)                                Reporting Period              Number                        (%)              Number                          (%)


 CITIC Corporation                                              Exit             —                        —                      —                         —
    Limited
 China CITIC Financial                             Newly-Added                   —                        —      2,299,650,108                        15.52
    Holdings Co., Ltd.

Note:	The changes in the table above are resulted from the fact that the former largest Shareholder CITIC Corporation Limited and its party acting in concert
       CITIC Limited gratuitously transferred all the Shares of the Company held by them to CITIC Financial Holdings during the Reporting Period.




134
Shareholdings of the Company’s holders of tradable Shares subject to trading moratorium as of
31 December 2023
                                                                                                                                              Unit: Shares


                                                                      Listing and trading of Shares subject
                                                                              to trading moratorium
                                                     Number                                     Number of
                                                   of Shares                                  Shares newly
          Name of Shareholders                  held subject                                    eligible for
          subject to trading                      to trading         Date eligible for          listing and Terms of trading
 No.      moratorium                            moratorium           listing and trading             trading moratorium


 1        Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital               626,191,828         2024.09.11                                       —      Shareholder undertook
           Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                                                                  to comply with the
                                                                                                                               trading moratorium
                                                                                                                               for 48 months,
                                                                                                                               and undertook to
                                                                                                                               extend the trading
                                                                                                                               moratorium period for
                                                                                                                               six months
 2        Guangzhou Yuexiu                       305,155,945         2024.09.11                                       —      Shareholder undertook
           Financial Holdings                                                                                                  to comply with the
           Group Co., Ltd.                                                                                                     trading moratorium
                                                                                                                               for 48 months,
                                                                                                                               and undertook to
                                                                                                                               extend the trading




                                                                                                                                                                 Changes in Shares and Information on Substantial Shareholders
                                                                                                                               moratorium period for
                                                                                                                               six months
 3        Incentive shares held                    23,919,000    To be determined after               —                      To be determined after
            under custody and                                       the implementation                                         the implementation of
            others                                                  of the incentive share                                     the incentive
                                                                    scheme
 Details of related party or                 Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital Holdings Co., Ltd. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of
 concert party relationship                  Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital Holdings Group Co., Ltd., and the two companies are
 among the above Shareholders                parties acting in concert. The Company is unaware of whether there is any related party
                                             or concert party relationship among the other Shareholders listed above.

Note:	Yuexiu Capital acquired 265,352,996 shares subject to trading moratorium in the acquisition of assets by issuance of shares by the Company, and
       39,802,949 committed shares subject to trading moratorium in the rights issue of the Company in 2022. Yuexiu Capital held 305,155,945 shares
       subject to trading moratorium in total. Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital acquired 544,514,633 shares subject to trading moratorium in the acquisition of assets
       by issuance of shares by the Company, and 81,677,195 committed shares subject to trading moratorium in the rights issue of the Company in 2022.
       Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital held 626,191,828 Shares subject to trading moratorium in total. On 8 March 2024, the Board of Yuexiu Capital resolved
       to extend the lockup period of six months for 931,347,773 A shares in the Company held by Yuexiu Capital and Guangzhou Yuexiu, being expired on
       10 September 2024.




                                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report                 135
Changes in Shares and
Information on Substantial Shareholders

Information on substantial Shareholders of the Company

                                                                                      Unit: RMB100 million    Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                     Main
                                                                                                                     business or
 Name of legal person                     Legal    Date of              Organization                      Registered management
 shareholder                  representative       establishment code                                        capital activities, etc.


 China CITIC Financial               Xi Guohua     2022.03.24           91110105MA7K30YL2P                      338 Please refer to
   Holdings Co., Ltd.                                                                                                the details below
 Details                      General projects: management of the headquarter of the company. (except for projects
                              subject to approval according to law, business activities shall be carried out independently
                              with a business license) Licensed projects: financial holding company business. (for the
                              projects requiring approval according to laws, the operating activities that can only be
                              carried out upon approval from relevant authority(ies), and specific licensed projects
                              that should be determined by approval documentations or licenses issued by relevant
                              government agencies) (Operating activities prohibited and restricted by the industrial policies
                              of the state and this city shall not be carried out.)

As at the end of the Reporting Period, the structure of the Company’s largest shareholders was as follows:


                                                      CITIC Group Corporation




                                        100%                                                    100%

                             CITIC Glory Limited                                  CITIC Polaris Limited



                                        25.60%                                                 27.52%




                                                           CITIC Limited


                                                                    100%


                                                     CITIC Corporation Limited


                                                                     100%

                                                        China CITIC Financial
                                                         Holdings Co., Ltd.

                                                                    19.24%

                                                     CITIC Securities Company
                                                              Limited




136
As at the end of the Reporting Period, CITIC Financial Holdings held 28,938,928,294 A shares and 2,468,064,479 H shares
of China CITIC Bank (stock code: 601998.SH; 0998.HK), accounting for 64.14% of its issued shares in aggregate. CITIC
Financial Holdings is the controlling shareholder of China CITIC Bank. Save as mentioned above, CITIC Financial Holdings
does not control or hold shares of any domestic and foreign listed companies except the Company.


Information of other major listed companies controlled or invested, directly or indirectly by CITIC Group, CITIC Limited or
CITIC Corporation Limited was as follows:


         Name of Listed                                     Shareholding
 No.     Company                             Stock code      percentage      Name of shareholder

 1       CITIC Limited                       00267.HK              53.12%    CITIC Polaris Limited 27.52%
                                                                             CITIC Glory Limited 25.60%
 2       CITIC Heavy Industries Co., Ltd.    601608.SH             67.27%    CITIC Corporation Limited 60.49%
                                                                             CITIC Investment Holdings Limited 4.52%
                                                                             CITIC Automobiles Limited 2.26%
 3       CITIC Offshore Helicopter Co., Ltd. 000099.SZ             38.71%    CITIC Offshore Helicopter Limited Liabilities
                                                                               Company 30.18%
                                                                             CITIC Investment Holdings Limited 8.45%
                                                                             CITIC Guoan Co., Ltd. 0.08%
 4       CITIC Pacific Special Steel Group   000708.SZ             83.85%    CITIC Pacific China Holdings Limited 4.26%
           Co., Ltd.Note 1                                                   Hubei Xinye Steel Limited 4.53%
                                                                             CITIC Pacific Special Steel Investment Limited
                                                                               75.05%
 5       CITIC Metal Co., Ltd.               601061.SH             89.77%    CITIC Metal Group Limited 89.71%




                                                                                                                              Changes in Shares and Information on Substantial Shareholders
                                                                             CITIC United Asia (Beijing) Enterprise
                                                                               Management Consulting Co., Ltd.0.06%
 6       CITIC Press Corporation             300788.SZ             73.50%    CITIC Corporation Limited 62.70%
                                                                             CITIC Investment Holdings Limited 10.80%
 7       CITIC Guoan Information Industry    000839.SZ             36.44%    CITIC Guoan Co., Ltd. 36.44%
           Co., Ltd.
 8       CITIC Niya Wine Co., Ltd.           600084.SH             44.93%     CITIC Guoan Industry Group Co., Ltd. 44.93%
 9       Nanjing Iron&Steel Co., Ltd.        600282.SH             59.10%     Nanjing Nangang Iron and Steel United Co.,
                                                                                 Ltd. 57.13%
                                                                              Nanjing Iron&Steel United Co., Ltd. 1.97%
 10      CITIC Resources Holdings Limited    01205.HK              59.50%     Keentech Group Ltd 49.57%
                                                                              CITIC Australia Pty Limited 9.55%
                                                                              Fortune Class Investments Limited 0.38%
 11      CITIC Telecom International         01883.HK              57.55%     Richtone Enterprises Inc. 3.64%
           Holdings Limited                                                   Ease Action Investments Corp. 33.56%
                                                                              Silver Log Holdings Ltd 16.52%
                                                                              Perfect New Holdings Limited 3.83%
 12      Yuan Long Ping High-Tech            000998.SZ             17.36%     CITIC Industrial Investment Group Corp.,
           Agriculture Co., Ltd.                                                 Ltd. 0.82%
                                                                              CITIC Agriculture., LTD.16.54%




                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report    137
Changes in Shares and
Information on Substantial Shareholders

            Name of Listed                                                      Shareholding
 No.        Company                                         Stock code           percentage            Name of shareholder

 13         China Overseas Land & Investment 00688.HK                                    10.01%        Complete Noble Investments Limited
               Limited                                                                                   10.01%
 14         Frontier Services Group Limited  00500.HK                                    25.28%        Easy Flow Investments Limited 25.28%
 15         Ivanhoe Mines Ltd.               IVN.TSX                                     24.81%        CITIC Metal Africa Investments Limited
                                             IVPAF.OTCQX                                                 24.81%
 16         Alumina Limited                  AWC.ASX                                     18.92%        CITIC Resources Australia Pty Limited
                                             AWC.OTC                                                     9.61%
                                                                                                       CITIC Australia Pty Limited 1.37%
                                                                                                       Bestbuy Overseas Co Ltd 7.94%
 17         China CITIC Financial Asset                     02799.HK                     26.46%        CITIC Group Corporation 26.46%
              Management Co., Ltd.Note 2

Note 1: The slight difference between the total shareholding in CITIC Pacific Special Steel Group Co., Ltd. controlled or invested, directly or indirectly by CITIC
        Limited and CITIC Corporation Limited and the sum of the shareholding percentage of respective immediate shareholders was due to rounding.

Note 2: China Huarong Asset Management Co., Ltd. published the announcement on the change of company name on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on 26
        January 2024. The company name was officially changed to China CITIC Financial Asset Management Co., Ltd. on 25 January 2024.

Note 3:   The shareholding percentages listed in this table were those of the direct shareholders.



Other Shareholders holding more than 5% of the Shares:


As at the end of the Reporting Period, Yuexiu Capital and its wholly-owned subsidiaries, Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital and
Yuexiu Financial International, in aggregate hold 8.68% of the Shares of the Company.




138
Interest and short positions of substantial Shareholders
Pursuant to Section 336 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), substantial
Shareholders of the Company are required to disclose their interests, and are required to make further disclosure when the
changes of their interest reached the prescribed threshold. The following table is derived from the latest interest information
of the substantial Shareholders disclosed on the HKEXnews website of HKEX as of 31 December 2023. As they are only
required to disclose the change of their interests when it reaches certain prescribed threshold, the information set out in the
following table may be inconsistent with their actual interests as of 31 December 2023.


                                                                                                                   Percentage of the
                                                                                                                           number of Percentage of total
                                                                                                                    issued A Shares/          issued Shares
                                                                                                                     H Shares of the         of the Company
                                                                                                                      Company as at as at 31 December
                                                                Class of          Number of Shares (Shares)/ 31 December 2023                           2023
 Name of Shareholders           Capacity                        Shares            type of Shares held                         (%)   Note 6
                                                                                                                                                         (%)


 CITIC Group Corporation        Interest of corporation         A Shares          2,299,650,108/Long positions                  18.85                  15.52
                                  controlled by youNote 1
                                Interest of corporation         H Shares          550,276,104/Long positions                    21.00                   3.71
                                  controlled by youNote 1
 Guangzhou Yue Xiu              Interest of corporation         A Shares          809,867,629/Long positions                      6.64                  5.46
    Holdings Limited              controlled by youNote 2
                                Interest of corporation         H Shares          344,126,193/Long positions                    13.13                   2.32
                                  controlled by youNote 1




                                                                                                                                                                  Changes in Shares and Information on Substantial Shareholders
 National Council for           Beneficial owner                H Shares          690,359,200Note 3/Long                        26.35                   4.66
    Social Security Fund                                                            positions
 The Bank of New York           Interest of corporation         H Shares          291,135,354/Long positions                    11.11                   1.96
    Mellon Corporation            controlled by youNote 4
                                                                                  287,574,164/Shares available                  10.98                   1.94
                                                                                    for lending
 JPMorgan Chase & Co.           Interest of corporation         H Shares          134,063,620 Note 5/Long                         5.11                  0.90
                                  controlled by you                                 positions
                                                                                  18,118,559 Note 5/Short                         0.69                  0.12
                                                                                    positions
                                Approved lending agent                            22,101,011 Note 5/Shares                        0.84                  0.15
                                                                                    available for lending

Note 1: As known to the Company, as at 31 December 2023, CITIC Group indirectly held 2,299,650,108 A Shares of the Company through its controlled
        corporation (namely, CITIC Financial Holdings), and indirectly held 550,276,104 H Shares of the Company through its controlled corporation (namely,
        CITIC Financial Holdings).

Note 2: As known to the Company, as at 31 December 2023, Guangzhou Yue Xiu Holdings Limited indirectly held 809,867,629 A Shares of the Company
        through its controlled corporations (namely, Yuexiu Financial Holdings and Financial Holdings Limited), and indirectly held 344,126,193 H Shares of the
        Company through its controlled corporations (namely, Financial Holdings Limited and Yuexiu Financial International).




                                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report                  139
Changes in Shares and
Information on Substantial Shareholders

Note 3: According to the notices of disclosure of interests on the HKEXnews website of HKEX, the National Council for Social Security Fund held 690,359,200
        H Shares of the Company, including a total of 640,000,000 H Shares to be subscribed for under the subscription agreement entered into with ICBC
        Credit Suisse Asset Management (International) Company Limited and the subscription agreement entered into with Bosera Asset Management
        Company Limited and Bosera Asset Management (International) Company Limited on 8 June 2015. The above private placement of H Shares was
        considered and approved at the 2015 Second Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company and is yet to take place. The resolution had expired on
        24 August 2016.

Note 4: The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation indirectly held a long position in 291,135,354 H Shares of the Company through its controlled corporation
        (The Bank of New York Mellon), of which 287,574,164 Shares were available for lending.

Note 5: JPMorgan Chase & Co. through a series of its controlled corporations, held the relevant interests of a long position in 134,063,620 H Shares of the
        Company, of which 22,101,011 Shares were shares available for lending held in the capacity of approved lending agent, and a short position in
        18,118,559 H Shares of the Company.

Note 6: The relevant percentages are calculated based on 2,620,076,855 H Shares or 12,200,469,974 A Shares of the Company in issue as of 31
        December 2023.


Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2023, the Directors were not aware of any other persons (other than the
Directors, Supervisors and the Chief Executive) having any interest or short position in the Shares or underlying Shares of
the Company as recorded in the register to be kept under Section 336 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance.




140
Directors, Supervisors,
Senior Management and Employees
Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management
Changes in the Shares held by and information on remuneration of Directors, Supervisors and Senior
Management who held office or resigned during the Reporting Period
                                                                                                                                                                        Unit: Shares

                                                                                                                                                                       Total
                                                                                                                                                               remuneration
                                                                                                                                                                  before tax    Whether
                                                                                                                                        Change                received from     received
                                                                                                                                     (increase/                the Company remuneration
                                                                                                     Number of      Number of      decrease) in   Reason for      during the    from the
                                                           Term of office                         Shares held at Shares held at   shareholding    the change      Reporting Company’s
                                                           commencing Term of                     the beginning        the end       during the    (increase/ Period (RMB related parties
 Name            Positions                  Gender   Age   from           office until               of the year of the year               year    decrease) ten thousand)         or not

 ZHANG Youjun    Executive Director,        Male     58    2016.01.19      Until expiry of term             430            430               —            —          504.72           No
                    Chairman
 YANG Minghui    Executive Director,        Male     59    2016.01.19      Until expiry of term               —              —               —            —          528.94           No
                    President and
                    Executive Member
 ZHANG Lin       Non-executive Director     Male     58    2022.12.30      Until expiry of term               —              —               —            —              —             No
 FU Linfang      Non-executive Director     Female   48    2022.04.13      Until expiry of term               —              —               —            —              —            Yes
 ZHAO Xianxin    Non-executive Director     Male     54    2022.04.13      Until expiry of term               —              —               —            —              —            Yes
 WANG Shuhui     Non-executive Director     Male     52    2020.06.23      Until expiry of term               —              —               —            —              —            Yes
 LI Qing         Independent Non-           Male     61    2021.06.29      Until expiry of term               —              —               —            —           30.50            No
                    executive Director
 SHI Qingchun    Independent Non-           Male     50    2022.04.13      Until expiry of term               —              —               —            —           31.00           No
                    executive Director
 ZHANG Jianhua   Independent Non-           Male     59    2022.12.30      Until expiry of term               —              —               —            —           31.50           No
                    executive Director
 ZHANG Changyi   Supervisor and             Male     56    2020.06.23      Until expiry of term               —              —               —            —          485.53           No
                    Chairman of
                    the Supervisory
                    Committee
 GUO Zhao        Supervisor                 Male     67    1999.09.26      Until expiry of term               —              —               —            —           21.00           No
 RAO Geping      Supervisor                 Male     76    2016.03.23      Until expiry of term               —              —               —            —           21.50           No
 NIU Xuekun      Employee                   Female   50    2019.12.31      Until expiry of term               —              —               —            —          216.41           No
                    Representative
                    Supervisor




                                                                                                                                                                                            Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees
 YANG Liqiang    Employee                   Male     43    2022.12.30      Until expiry of term               —              —               —            —          350.98           No
                    Representative
                    Supervisor
 SHI Benliang    Executive Member           Male     49    2021.12.10      Until expiry of term               —              —               —            —          478.99           No
 ZHANG Hao       Chief Financial Officer,   Male     54    2017.10.31      Until expiry of term               —              —               —            —          526.86           No
                    Executive Member
 WANG Junfeng    Board Secretary            Male     55    2020.07.30      Until expiry of term               —              —               —            —          463.96           No
 LI Jiong        Chief Treasurer            Male     54    2017.10.24      Until expiry of term               —              —               —            —          501.37           No
 ZHANG Guoming   Chief Compliance           Male     59    2013.09.10      Until expiry of term               —              —               —            —          473.96           No
                    Officer, Chief Risk
                    Officer
 FANG Xing       Chief Information          Male     55    2022.11.30      Until expiry of term               —              —               —            —          434.29           No
                    Officer
 MA Yao          Executive Member           Male     52    2017.11.28      Until expiry of term           23,000         23,000              —            —          546.49           No
 SUN Yi          Member of the Senior       Male     52    2018.08.06      Until expiry of term               —              —               —            —          406.72           No
                    Management
 YE Xinjiang     Member of the Senior       Male     59    2018.11.06      Until expiry of term               —              —               —            —          356.39           No
                    Management
 XUE Jirui       Executive Member           Male     50    2017.10.24      Until expiry of term               —              —               —            —          546.45           No
 YANG Bing       Executive Member           Male     51    2017.10.24      Until expiry of term               —              —               —            —          466.37           No




                                                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report                            141
Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



                                                                                                                                                                Total
                                                                                                                                                        remuneration
                                                                                                                                                           before tax    Whether
                                                                                                                                 Change                received from     received
                                                                                                                              (increase/                the Company remuneration
                                                                                              Number of      Number of      decrease) in   Reason for      during the    from the
                                                    Term of office                         Shares held at Shares held at   shareholding    the change      Reporting Company’s
                                                    commencing Term of                     the beginning        the end       during the    (increase/ Period (RMB related parties
 Name            Positions           Gender   Age   from           office until               of the year of the year               year    decrease) ten thousand)         or not

 LI Yongjin      Executive Member    Male     53    2017.09.07      Until expiry of term               —              —               —            —          496.49           No
 LI Chunbo       Executive Member    Male     48    2017.11.17      Until expiry of term               —              —               —            —          589.51           No
 GAO Yuxiang     Member of the Senior Male    55    2019.01.22      Until expiry of term              —              —               —             —         476.49            No
                   Management
 ZOU Yingguang   Former Executive     Male    53    2017.09.07      2023.10.23                        —              —               —             —         476.64            No
                   Member
 Total           /                   /        /     /               /                              23,430         23,430              —             /       9,463.06             /

Note 1: Where any of the above-mentioned persons has more than one position, the “term of office” will only show the term of office of the first position held
        by that person in that column. The starting date of the “term of office” of a re-elected Director, Supervisor or member of the Senior Management
        disclosed here is the date of his/her first appointment as a Director, Supervisor, or member of the Senior Management.

Note 2: Shares held by Directors and Senior Management are all A Shares, which include incentive shares initially granted upon the implementation of the
        share incentive scheme, the shares issued under placing, the shares issued under right issue and the bonus shares under capitalization issue.

Note 3: According to a resolution approved at the 2021 First Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company, since August 2021, the Company shall pay an
        allowance of RMB300,000 per year (tax inclusive) to each of the independent non-executive Directors and an allowance of RMB200,000 per year
        (tax inclusive) to each of the external Supervisors. The Company shall pay a subsidy of RMB5,000 per person per meeting to each of the independent
        non-executive Directors and external Supervisors who attends an on-site meeting of the Board or the Supervisory Committee.

Note 4: The total remuneration before tax for the executive Directors, Chairman of the Supervisory Committee, employee representative Supervisors and
        Senior Management of the Company as listed above includes basic annual salary, annual salary linked to performance (including bonuses paid in
        2023), special rewards and insurance benefits.

Note 5: The amounts of remuneration before tax attributable to the above-mentioned persons in 2022 and previous years and deferred to 2023 are
        as follows: RMB2.30 million for FANG Xing, RMB3.70 million for GAO Yuxiang, RMB3.30 million for LI Jiong, RMB2.95 million for LI Chunbo,
        RMB3.00 million for LI Yongjin, RMB2.70 million for SHI Benliang, RMB4.70 million for SUN Yi, RMB3.00 million for MA Yao, RMB0.60 million for NIU
        Xuekun, RMB2.20 million for WANG Junfeng, RMB2.70 million for XUE Jirui, RMB4.20 million for YANG Bing, RMB1.60 million for YANG Liqiang,
        RMB3.30 million for YE Xinjiang, RMB3.56 million for YANG Minghui, RMB3.90 million for ZOU Yingguang, RMB2.70 million for ZHANG Changyi,
        RMB2.10 million for ZHANG Guoming, RMB3.40 million for ZHANG Hao and RMB3.70 million for ZHANG Youjun.

Note 6: Mr. LI Chunbo, an executive member, receives remuneration of RMB739,200 from the Company and remuneration of HK$5,830,400 from CITIC
        Securities International.




142
Major working experience of the incumbent Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

                        Executive Directors (2 individuals)


                        ZHANG Youjun
                        Secretary to the Communist Party Committee of the Company, an executive Director and
                        Chairman of the Company. Mr. ZHANG joined the Company at the time of the establishment
                        of the Company in 1995, and was appointed as an executive Director and Chairman of the
                        Company on 19 January 2016. Mr. ZHANG also serves as assistant to the general manager
                        of each of CITIC Group, CITIC Limited and CITIC Corporation Limited, the vice chairman
                        of CITIC Financial Holdings, and the chairman of China AMC. Mr. ZHANG had worked as
                        a general manager of the trading department of the Company, an assistant manager and a
                        deputy general manager of the Company since 1995, and was appointed as a Director of the
                        Company from September 1999 to June 2012. Mr. ZHANG previously worked as the general
                        manager of Changsheng Fund Management Co., Ltd. from 1998 to 2001, worked as the
                        general manager of the Company from May 2002 to October 2005 and successively served
                        as the general manager and the chairman of CSC from 2005 to 2011, a director of the board
                        office of CITIC Group from December 2011 to December 2015 and a director of Zhongzheng
                        International Company Limited from April to December 2020. Mr. ZHANG successively
                        served as the chairman of CSI and CLSA (i.e. CLSA B.V. and its subsidiaries), a director of
                        each of CLSA Limited and Sailing Capital Management Co., Ltd. and the chairman of each
                        of GoldStone Investment and CITIC Securities Investment from January 2016 to September
                        2023, Mr. ZHANG obtained a Bachelor’s degree in economics (majoring in money and
                        banking) in 1987 from Renmin University of China and a Master’s degree in economics
                        (majoring in money and banking) in 1990 from Central University of Finance and Economics.


                        YANG Minghui
                        Deputy secretary to the Communist Party Committee of the Company, an executive Director,
                        the President and an executive member of the Company. Mr. YANG joined the Company at




                                                                                                                        Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees
                        the time of the establishment of the Company in 1995 and was appointed as a Director of
                        the Company on 19 January 2016. Mr. YANG served as a Director, an assistant manager
                        and a deputy general manager of the Company; a director and executive vice-president of
                        CITIC Holdings and a director of CITIC Trust from May 2002 to August 2005; the chairman of
                        CITIC-Prudential Fund Management Co., Ltd. from July 2005 to January 2007; an executive
                        director and the president of China Jianyin Investment Securities Company Limited from August
                        2005 to October 2011; and the chairman of China AMC from October 2013 to September
                        2023. Mr. YANG was granted the title of senior economist by China International Trust and
                        Investment Corporation, the predecessor of CITIC Group, in October 1996. Mr. YANG obtained
                        a Bachelor’s degree in engineering (majoring in mechanical manufacturing technology and
                        equipment) from the Department of Mechanical Engineering of East China Institute of Textile
                        Science and Technology in 1982 and obtained a Master’s degree in engineering (majoring in
                        textile machinery) from the Department of Mechanical Engineering of East China Institute of
                        Textile Science and Technology in 1985.




                                                          CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   143
Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



               Non-executive Directors (4 individuals)


               ZHANG Lin
               Non-executive Director of the Company. Mr. ZHANG was appointed as a non-executive
               Director of the Company on 30 December 2022. Mr. Zhang is currently a non-executive
               director of CITIC Group, CITIC Limited and CITIC Corporation Limited and a director of CITIC
               Financial Holdings. Mr. ZHANG successively served in the Ministry of Finance as the senior staff
               member at China Enterprise Division of Finance Department of Gansu Province, the senior staff
               member, principal staff member, deputy director of the Executive Office of Gansu Supervision
               & Inspection Office, a member of the leading Party members group and the assistant inspector
               of Gansu Supervision & Inspection Office, a member of the leading Party members group,
               the deputy inspector and leader of Discipline Inspection and Supervision Group of Ningxia
               Supervision & Inspection Office, the secretary of the leading Party members group and
               chief inspector of Shaanxi Supervision & Inspection Office, the secretary of the leading Party
               members group and director of Shaanxi Supervision Bureau from 1987 to 2021. Mr. ZHANG
               graduated from Lanzhou University with a bachelor degree in Business Administration in 2002.


               FU Linfang
               Non-executive Director of the Company. Ms. FU was appointed as a non-executive Director
               of the Company on 13 April 2022. Ms. FU is currently the deputy general manager of
               the Strategic Development Department of CITIC Group, a director of CITICS Industrial
               Investment Group Corp., Ltd. and a director of CITIC Finance Company Limited. Ms. FU
               successively served as deputy head, project manager, senior project manager and director
               of Business Division II of the Integrated Planning Department of CITIC Corporation (中信公
               司) (later renamed as the Strategy and Planning Department and Strategic Development
               Department of CITIC Group) and division head of the Secretariat of the Strategic Investment
               Committee from 2000 to 2017. From 2017 to 2020, she was the assistant to the general
               manager of the Strategic Development Department and concurrently the head of the
               Secretariat of the Strategic Investment Committee of CITIC Group. Ms. FU obtained a
               bachelor degree in economics from Tianjin University of Commerce in 1997, majoring in real
               estate business management, a master degree in management from Nankai University in
               2000, majoring in business management, and a master degree in business administration
               (MBA) from the University of Bath in the United Kingdom in 2006.


               ZHAO Xianxin
               Non-executive Director of the Company. Mr. ZHAO was appointed as a non-executive
               Director of the Company on 13 April 2022. Mr. Zhao serves as general manager of Risk
               Compliance Department of CITIC Financial Holdings. Mr. Zhao served as a clerk of ICBC
               Fujian Branch from 1995 to 1997 and successively served as deputy director and director
               of Asset and Liability Management Department of Bank of China Head Office from 2000
               to 2007. From 2007 to 2018, he successively served as the general manager of the Risk
               Policy Management Department and the director of the Basel Agreement Office of Shanghai
               Pudong Development Bank. From 2018 to 2021, he successively served as the deputy
               director general of the Second Department of Monetary Policy of the People’s Bank of
               China and deputy director general of the Macro-Prudential Authority. From 2021 to 2023,
               he served as the deputy general manager of Risk Compliance Department of CITIC Group.
               Mr. ZHAO obtained a Bachelor of Science degree in Urban Planning from Nanjing University
               in 1992, a master’s degree in regional economics from Renmin University of China in 1995,
               and a doctor’s degree in western economics from Peking University in 2000.

144
WANG Shuhui
Non-executive Director of the Company. Mr. WANG was appointed as a non-executive
Director of the Company on 23 June 2020. Mr. WANG currently serves as the chairman
of each of Yuexiu Capital, Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital, Yuexiu Industrial Investment and
Yuexiu Industrial Investment Fund. Mr. WANG successively served as the business manager
of the securities issuance consultancy department, the deputy manager of the research
and development department, secretary to the board of directors and vice president of
Guangzhou Securities Co., Ltd. from 1994 to 2006; successively served as the office
general manager and general manager of the development department of Guangzhou Yue
Xiu Holdings Limited (廣州越秀集團股份有限公司) from 2006 to 2010; and successively
served as an assistant to general manager, director and deputy general manager of
Guangzhou Yue Xiu Holdings Limited and Yuexiu Enterprises (Holdings) Limited (越秀企業
(集團)有限公司) from 2010 to 2016. Mr. WANG obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics
from Southwestern University of Finance and Economics in 1993 and a master’s degree in
economics from Jinan University in 2000.


Independent Non-executive Directors (3 individuals)


LI Qing
Independent non-executive Director of the Company. Mr. LI was appointed as an
independent non-executive Director of the Company on 29 June 2021. Mr. LI has served
as a Chair Professor and the Department Head of the Department of Computing of the
Hong Kong Polytechnic University since December 2018. Mr. LI successively served as an
assistant professor, associate professor and full professor of the City University of Hong
Kong from 1998 to 2018. From 2013 to 2018, Mr. LI served as the Founding Director of the
Multimedia-software Engineering Research Center (MERC) of the City University of Hong
Kong. From 2003 to 2005, Mr. LI set up and served as manager of the Mobile Information
Management Division at the CityU R&D Center in Zhuhai. From 2005 to 2012, Mr. LI




                                                                                               Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees
established and served as the general manager and the chairman of Zhuhai Faster Software
Technology Ltd. Mr. LI obtained a bachelor’s degree from Hunan University in 1982, and
obtained a master’s degree in computer science and a doctor’s degree in computer science
from the University of Southern California in the United States of America in 1985 and 1988,
respectively.


SHI Qingchun
Independent non-executive Director of the Company. Mr. SHI was appointed as an
independent non-executive Director of the Company on 13 April 2022. Mr. SHI joined the
School of Management of Lanzhou University in April 2012 and served as an associate
professor of the School of Management of Lanzhou University since May 2016. Mr. SHI
graduated from Lanzhou University of Finance and Economics in 2002, majoring in
accounting, obtained a master degree in management from Lanzhou University in 2006,
majoring in business management, and a doctoral degree in management from Xi’an
Jiaotong University in 2011, majoring in business administration (accounting).




                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   145
Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



               ZHANG Jianhua
               Independent non-executive Director of the Company. Mr. ZHANG was appointed as an
               independent non-executive Director of the Company on 30 December 2022. Mr. Zhang is an
               expert who enjoys the government special allowance of the State Council, currently serves
               as the researcher, adjunct professor and doctoral supervisor of the Tsinghua University PBC
               School of Finance and the director of Research Center for Financial Development and Regtech
               of Tsinghua University PBC School of Finance, as well as the editor-in-chief of the Tsinghua
               Financial Review. Mr. ZHANG also serves as an independent director of Capital Securities
               Corporation Limited (首創證券股份有限公司) (a company listed on the Main Board of SSE)
               and Hunan Sanxiang Bank Co., Ltd. (湖南三湘銀行股份有限公司). From 1989 to 2015, Mr.
               ZHANG successively served as the senior staff member and principal staff member of the Trust
               Company Management Division of the Financial Management Department of the People’s
               Bank of China, principal staff member, deputy director and director of the Financial Lease
               Company Supervision Division of the Non-bank Financial Institutions Supervision Department,
               director of the Supervision Division III of the Non-bank Financial Institutions Supervision
               Department, director of the Fiscal and Taxation Research Division of the Research Bureau,
               deputy director-general of the Financial Stability Bureau, director-general of the Research
               Bureau, secretary to the Communist Party Committee and president of the Hangzhou Central
               Sub-branch (currently known as the Zhejiang Branch) and concurrently director-general of the
               State Administration of Foreign Exchange Zhejiang Branch; he served as the deputy secretary
               to the Communist Party Committee, director and president of Beijing Rural Commercial
               Bank Co., Ltd. from 2015 to 2016, and served as deputy secretary to the Communist Party
               Committee, director and president of Hua Xia Bank Co., Limited from January 2017 to
               February 2022. Mr. ZHANG obtained a bachelor degree in engineering from the Department
               of Management Information Systems of Tsinghua University in 1987, graduated as a major in
               monetary banking from the Graduate School of the Financial Research Institute of the People’s
               Bank of China in 1989, and graduated as a major in technical economy and management from
               Tsinghua University and obtained a doctoral degree in management in 2003.

               Supervisors (5 individuals)

               ZHANG Changyi
               Deputy secretary to the Communist Party Committee, chairman of the Supervisory
               Committee and chairman of the labor union of the Company. Mr. ZHANG joined the
               Company in 2018 and was appointed as chairman of the Supervisory Committee on
               23 June 2020. Mr. ZHANG successively served as an officer, staff and associate principal
               staff of the education department of the Ministry of Construction from August 1989 to
               November 1995, and successively served as principal staff and assistant consultant of
               the general office of the Ministry of Construction from November 1995 to June 1997, the
               second secretary (deputy-division-head level), deputy division head, the first secretary and
               deputy division head (division-head level) of the second secretary bureau of the General
               Office of the State Council from June 1997 to April 2001 and secretary of division-head
               level, secretary of deputy bureau level, secretary of bureau-head level in the General Office
               of the State Council from April 2001 to August 2018. Mr. ZHANG also serves as the
               chairman of GoldStone Zexin. Mr. ZHANG obtained a bachelor’s degree in engineering
               (majoring in industrial and civil architecture) from the Architectural Engineering Department
               of Northwest Institute of Construction Engineering in 1989 and obtained a master’s
               degree in engineering (majoring in management engineering) from Harbin University of Civil
               Engineering and Architecture in 1999.



146
GUO Zhao
Supervisor of the Company. Mr. GUO was appointed as a Supervisor of the Company
on 26 September 1999. Mr. GUO previously worked as the deputy chief accountant of
Nanjing International Container Handling Co., Ltd. from 1988 to 1992; as the secretary
to the board of directors of Nanjing Xingang High-Tech Co., Ltd. from 1992 to 2002; as
director of Nanjing Xingang High-Tech Co., Ltd. from January 2001 to January 2013; as vice
president of Nanjing Gaoke Co., Ltd. from June 2003 to December 2016; and as director
and general manager of Nanjing Chengong Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. from January 2001 to
January 2017. Mr. GUO obtained the accountant certificate in September 1993, which was
granted by the Committee for Assessment of Academic Qualifications of the PRC Ministry of
Transport. Mr. GUO obtained a college diploma in water transport finance and accounting in
1988 from Wuhan River Transportation College.


RAO Geping
Supervisor of the Company. Mr. RAO was appointed as a Supervisor of the Company on
19 January 2016 and formally took office on 23 March 2016. Mr. RAO is also a professor
of Peking University Law School, honorary chairman of the Academy of Hong Kong and
Macao Studies in Peking University and the deputy chairman of Chinese Judicial Studies
Association (中華司法研究會). Mr. RAO previously served as a member of 12th CPPCC
National Committee, a member of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Basic
Law Committee of the Standing Committee of the NPC, the executive vice-chairman of
Chinese Society of International Law and the deputy chairman of Chinese Association of
Hong Kong & Macao Studies, an independent supervisor of TravelSky Technology Limited,
an independent non-executive Director of the Company and an independent non-executive
director of Yangguang Xinye Real Estate Co., Ltd. Mr. RAO obtained master’s degree in law
in 1982 from Peking University and was a visiting scholar at the University of Washington,
New York University, and Max Planck Institute of International Law.




                                                                                              Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees
NIU Xuekun
Employee representative Supervisor and the chief officer of the Planning and Finance
Department of the Company. Ms. NIU joined the Company in 2000 and previously worked
as the accountant of Shenzhen Property Management Co., Ltd., and senior manager,
vice president and senior vice president of the Planning and Finance Department of
the Company. Ms. NIU concurrently serves as a supervisor of each of CITIC Securities
Investment, GoldStone Zexin and GZS Lingxiu Investment Company Limited. Ms. NIU
obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics and a master’s degree in management from
Dongbei University of Finance & Economics in 1996 and 1999, respectively. Ms. NIU was
qualified as a Chinese CPA and a senior accountant in 2002 and 2015, respectively, and
was qualified as a senior accountant (正高級會計師) in 2023.




                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   147
Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



               YANG Liqiang
               Employee representative Supervisor, and the principal and executive general manager of
               the digital development center of the Wealth Management Committee of the Company.
               Mr. YANG joined the Company in 2009 and previously served as the senior engineer of
               Shenzhen Kingdom Sci-Tech Co., Ltd., the vice president, senior vice president, director
               of the Information and Technology Center of the Company. Mr. YANG obtained a bachelor
               degree in engineering from Sichuan University in 2001.




               Members of the Senior Management (15 individuals)


               YANG Minghui
               (For his biographical details, please refer to the relevant statements in that of the Executive
               Directors)


               SHI Benliang
               A member of CPC Committee, an executive member and director of the Wealth
               Management Committee of the Company. Mr. SHI joined the Company in 2000, and
               had served as director of the asset management business accountant, joint person and
               administrative person in charge of the Planning and Finance Department and Chief Financial
               Officer of the Company. He currently serves as the director of CSI, CLSA B.V., CLSA
               Limited, China AMC, CITIC Securities (Shandong) and CITIC Securities South China, and
               an executive director, general manager, legal representative of Kington Securities, and the
               chairman of CITIC PE Fund. He currently also serves as the vice chairman of the Securities
               Brokerage and Wealth Management Committee of the Securities Association of China,
               the vice chairman of the Banking Accounting Society of China and the deputy chairman of
               the Council of Shenzhen Wealth Management Association. Mr. SHI obtained a bachelor’s
               degree in finance from Shanghai University of Finance and Economics in 1997 and a
               master’s degree in finance from Nankai University in 2000.


               ZHANG Hao
               A member of the Communist Party Committee, Chief Financial Officer (CFO), an Executive
               Member of the Company. Mr. ZHANG joined the Company in 1997 and previously served
               as teaching assistant of Shanghai Institute of Urban Construction, head of the B-share
               Business Department of Shanghai Trust Investment Corporation of China Construction Bank
               as well as deputy general manager of the Shanghai B-share Business Department of the
               Company, general manager of the Shanghai Fuxing Middle Road Securities Outlet, general
               manager of the Shanghai Huaihai Middle Road Securities Outlet, deputy general manager
               of the Shanghai Management Headquarter, general manager of Shanghai Branch, chief
               marketing officer of the Company, and secretary to the Communist Party Committee and
               chairman of CITIC Futures Company Limited. Mr. ZHANG concurrently serves as a director
               of CITIC Securities AM, and a member of the board risk committee of China Financial
               Futures Exchange. Mr. ZHANG was awarded the title of “Skilled Young Worker of SOEs” in
               2001. Mr. ZHANG obtained dual bachelor’s degrees in engineering mechanics and industrial
               management engineering from Shanghai Jiao Tong University in 1991 and an MBA degree
               from Shanghai Jiao Tong University in 2001.


148
WANG Junfeng
Board Secretary, the deputy secretary of the disciplinary inspection committee, the director
of the Party Work Department and the chief executive of the General Manager’s Office of
the Company. Mr. WANG joined the Company in 1999 and previously served as an officer
of the headquarter of the People’s Bank of China, deputy general manager of the Brokerage
Management Department of the Company, and business coordination supervisor of the
General Manager’s Office. Mr. WANG concurrently serves as a member representative of
the third session of Council of the China Association for Listed Companies. Mr. WANG
obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics in finance from Zhengzhou University in 1990
and a master’s degree in economics from Graduate School of the People’s Bank of China
(中國人民銀行總行金融研究所) (currently known as the PBC School of Finance, Tsinghua
University) in 1997.


LI Jiong
Treasurer of the Company and secretary to the Communist Party Committee of CITIC
Futures. Mr. LI joined the Company in 1996 and previously worked as the manager of
International Cooperation Office of the Information Center of China International Trust
and Investment Corporation Company (the predecessor of CITIC Group), manager of the
Development Department of CITIC International Cooperation Company, manager of the
Bonds Department and deputy general manager of the Capital Operation Department (later
renamed as the Treasury Department), the chief executive of the Treasury Department
as well as the chief executive of the Prime Service Business Line and the Chief Financial
Officer of the Company and director of CSI. Mr. LI concurrently serves as the director of
each of CITIC Global Leasing, CLSA Premium Limited and CITIC Securities International
USA, LLC. Mr. LI obtained a bachelor’s degree in international finance from the University of
International Business and Economics in 1992 and an MBA degree from Tsinghua University
in 2000.




                                                                                                Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees
ZHANG Guoming
Chief Compliance Officer, Chief Risk Officer, deputy secretary of the disciplinary inspection
committee, chief executive of the Legal Department of the Company. Before joining the
Company in 2010, Mr. ZHANG worked as deputy chief judge, chief judge and a member
of the Judge Committee of the Higher People’s Court of Henan Province, the judge of the
Supreme People’s Court, the chief executive of Compliance Department, Risk Management
Department and Special Asset Management Department of the Company. Mr. ZHANG
concurrently also serves as a supervisor of each of CITIC Futures and CITIC Securities
South China, the chief compliance officer and chief risk officer of Kington Securities.
Mr. ZHANG obtained his master’s degree in law and doctor’s degree in law from the
Renmin University of China in 1994 and 2008, respectively.




                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   149
Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



               FANG Xing
               Chief Information Officer, and the head of administration of information and technology
               center of the Company. Mr. FANG joined the Company in 2000 and successively worked
               as the project leader, director, executive general manager of the information and technology
               center of the Company, the deputy general manager and general manager of CITIC
               Futures. Mr. FANG concurrently serves as the chief information officer of CITIC Securities
               South China, the chief information officer of CITIC Securities AM, the director of E-Capital
               Transfer, and the executive director and legal representative of CITIC Securities Information
               and Quantitative Service (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd. Mr. FANG obtained a bachelor’s degree in
               radio technology from Shanghai Jiao Tong University in 1990 and a master’s degree in
               electromagnetic field and microwave technology from Shanghai Jiao Tong University in
               1993.


               MA Yao
               An executive member, the head of the Investment Banking Management Committee of
               the Company. Mr. MA joined the Company in 1998 and previously served as the deputy
               general manager of the Risk Control Department, deputy general manager of the Bond
               Distribution and Trading Department, deputy general manager of the Trading Department,
               chief executive of the Capital Market Department, head of the Financial Industry Group
               and member of the Investment Banking Management Committee of the Company. Mr. MA
               concurrently serves as a director of CLSA Limited and CITIC Securities (Hong Kong) Limited.
               Mr. MA obtained a bachelor’s degree in automatic control from Xi’an Jiaotong University in
               1994, a master’s degree in monetary banking and a doctor’s degree in international finance
               from the Graduate School of the People’s Bank of China in 1998 and 2012, respectively.


               SUN Yi
               A member of the Senior Management, joint head of the Investment Banking Management
               Committee, head of the financial and technical industry group, as well as head of the M&A
               business line. Mr. SUN joined the Company in 1998. He once served as the deputy general
               manager of the Investment Banking Department of the Company (in charge of business in
               Shenzhen), managing director of CSI, and head of the Operations Department, head of ECM
               team and head of the transport industry team under the Investment Banking Management
               Committee of the Company, as well as the deputy general manager of China AMC and
               concurrently served as the general manager of China AMC Capital Management Limited.
               Mr. SUN concurrently serves as a director of CITIC Securities (Hong Kong) Limited. Mr. SUN
               obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics in July 1993 from Jiangxi University of Finance
               and Economics and a master’s degree in economics in June 1996 from Xiamen University.




150
YE Xinjiang
A member of the Senior Management of the Company. Mr. YE joined the Company in
2005. He was formerly the head of the medical and health industry group, head of the
regional IBS group, head of the New OTC Market Business Department, member of the
Investment Banking Management Committee, head of the quality control group and head of
the M&A business line of the Company. Mr. YE obtained a bachelor’s degree in agricultural
economics in July 1985 and a master’s degree in management in July 1990 from Zhejiang
University (formerly Zhejiang Agricultural University).



XUE Jirui
An executive member of the Company. Mr. XUE joined the Company in 2000 and
previously served as a manager of the financial products development group, researcher
of the Research Department, head of the product development group of the trading and
derivatives business line, the head of the equity derivatives business line, the head of the
prime service business line, and head of the Equity Investment Department of the Company.
Mr. XUE obtained a bachelor’s degree, a master’s degree and a doctor’s degree in statistics
from Renmin University of China in 1997, 2000 and 2006, respectively.



YANG Bing
An executive member of the Company and the secretary to the Communist Party Committee
and chairman of CITIC Securities AM. Mr. YANG previously worked as a teacher of Shaoguan
University from 1993 to 1996 and joined the Company in 1999. He once served in the Company
as an assistant trader of the Trading Department, trader of the Fixed Income Department as
well as investment manager and investment supervisor of the asset management business, the
chief executive of the asset management business as well as director of China AMC. Mr. YANG
obtained a bachelor’s degree in fine chemicals from Nanchang University in 1993 and a




                                                                                                Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees
master’s degree in national economics from Nanjing University in 1999.


LI Yongjin
An executive member of the Company. Mr. LI joined the Company in 1998 and previously
worked as a staff of the International Business Department of Dalian Branch of Agricultural
Bank of China, department manager of Dalian Securities Outlet of Shenyin Wanguo
Securities, assistant to general manager, deputy general manager and general manager
of Dalian Securities Outlet of the Company, senior vice president and director of the
Brokerage Management Department of the Company, and general manager of the Zhejiang
Branch Office of CITIC Securities and its predecessor, CITIC Securities (Zhejiang) Co.,
Ltd, a director of China AMC and director of the Wealth Management Committee of the
Company, a director of each of CITIC Securities Brokerage (HK), CITIC Securities Futures
(HK) Limited, CITIC Securities (Shandong) and CITIC Securities South China, as well as an
executive director and general manager of Kington Securities. Mr. LI concurrently serves as
the executive director of CITICS Investment Services Company Limited. Mr. LI obtained a
bachelor’s degree in economics and a master’s degree in finance from Dongbei University of
Finance and Economics in 1992 and 2000, respectively.

                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   151
Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



               LI Chunbo
               An executive member of the Company, and chairman and chief executive officer of CSI
               Group and CITIC CLSA Group. Mr. LI joined the Company in 2001 and previously worked
               as an analyst of the Research Consulting Department (later renamed as the Research
               Department), chief analyst of the Research Department, as well as the chief executive of
               the Research Department and the Equity Sales & Trading Department. Mr. LI concurrently
               serves as a director of China AMC, a member of Development Strategy Committee of the
               Securities Association of China and a member of the International Development Committee
               of Shanghai Stock Exchange. Mr. LI obtained a bachelor’s degree in vehicle engineering
               and a master’s degree in management science and engineering from Tsinghua University in
               1998 and 2001, respectively.


               GAO Yuxiang
               A member of the Senior Management and Chief Equity Investment Officer of the Company.
               Mr. GAO joined the Company in 2004 and served as the deputy head of the real estate
               and construction materials industry team, the transport industry team and the infrastructure
               and real estate industry team under the Investment Banking Management Committee of
               the Company, member of Investment Banking Management Committee and the head of
               the infrastructure and real estate industry team, deputy head of the Investment Banking
               Management Committee and head of the infrastructure and modern service industry group.
               Mr. GAO served as an executive director of Xinjiang Equity Exchange Center Co., Ltd. from
               March 2019 to March 2021 and a director of Zhongzheng International Company Limited
               from December 2020 to December 2021. Mr. GAO concurrently serves as the director of
               Bona Film Group Co., Ltd. Mr. GAO obtained a college degree in financial accounting from
               Qingdao Radio and Television University in July 1990 and a bachelor’s degree in national
               economic management from Peking University in July 1995. Mr. GAO obtained a doctor’s
               degree in industrial economics from Beijing Jiaotong University in July 2004. Mr. GAO
               obtained the qualification of technical specialty of senior economist in September 2006.




152
Positions held by incumbent Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management and those
resigned during the Reporting Period
Positions held in Shareholders by incumbent Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and those
resigned during the Reporting Period


                      Name of                 Positions held in        Term of office
Name                  Shareholder             Shareholders             commencing from          Term of office until


ZHANG Youjun          CITIC Corporation       General Manager          2015.11.12               Expiry of term
                        Limited                 Assistant
                      CITIC Limited           General Manager          2015.11.12               Expiry of term
                                                Assistant
                      CITIC Financial         Director                 2022.03.16               Expiry of term
                        Holdings              Vice-chairman            2023.05.30               Expiry of term
ZHANG Lin             CITIC Corporation       Non-executive            2021.12.27               Expiry of term
                        Limited                 Director
                      CITIC Limited           Non-executive            2022.01.04               Expiry of term
                                                Director
                      CITIC Financial         Director                 2022.03.16               Expiry of term
                        Holdings
WANG Shuhui           Yuexiu Capital          Chairman                 2016.08.25               Expiry of term
                      Guangzhou Yuexiu        Chairman                 2016.10.18               Expiry of term
                        Capital

Description of the    For other positions held by the Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management of the Company,
  positions held in   please refer to the major working experience of the Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
  Shareholders        in this section




                                                                                                                          Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




                                                              CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   153
Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



Positions held in other entities by incumbent Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and those
resigned during the Reporting Period


                           Names of other               Position held in           Term of office
Name                       entities                     other entities             commencing from       Term of office until


LI Qing                    Department of                Chair Professor            2018.12.01            Expiry of term
                             Computing                    and Head of the
                             of The Hong Kong             Department
                             Polytechnic
                             University
SHI Qingchun               School of                    Associate                  2016.05.31            Expiry of term
                             Management,                  Professor
                             Lanzhou University
ZHANG Jianhua              Tsinghua University          Researcher,                2022.03.01            Expiry of term
                             PBC                          Adjunct Professor
                             School of Finance            and Doctoral
                                                          Supervisor
                           Capital Securities           Independent                2023.09.15            Expiry of term
                             Corporation Limited          Director
                           The Bank of Sanxiang         Independent                2023.10.27            Expiry of term
                             Co. Ltd. of                  Director
                             Hunan Province
RAO Geping                 Peking University Law        Professor                  1994.08.01            Expiry of term
                             School

Description of the         For other positions held by the Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management of the Company,
  positions                please refer to the major working experience of the Directors, Supervisors and Senior
  held in other entities   Management in this section


Changes of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management


Name                               Position                            Change              Cause of Change


ZOU Yingguang                      Former executive member             Resignation         Work arrangement
ZHANG Hao                          Chief Financial Officer             Appointment         Appointed by the Board
SHI Benliang                       Former Chief Financial              Dismissal           Ceasing to serve concurrently
                                      Officer
ZHANG Guoming                      Chief Risk Officer                  Appointment         Appointed by the Board




154
Details of changes of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management of the Company:


On 23 October 2023, as approved by the 12th Meeting of the Eighth Session of the Board of Directors of the Company,
Mr. ZOU Yingguang ceased to serve as the executive member of the Company.

On 5 January 2024, after being appointed at the 15th Meeting of the Eighth Session of the Board of Directors of the
Company, Mr. ZHANG Hao served as the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of the Company, and Mr. SHI Benliang ceased to
concurrently serve as the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) of the Company.

On 24 February 2023, after being appointed at the Third Meeting of the Eighth Session of the Board of Directors of the
Company, Mr. ZHANG Hao was proposed to serve as the Chief Risk Officer of the Company. On 5 January 2024, after
being appointed at the 15th Meeting of the Eighth Session of the Board of Directors of the Company, Mr. ZHANG Guoming
officially served as the Chief Risk Officer of the Company.

Relationships between Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
There is no relationship among the Directors, Supervisors or Senior Management, including relationships in terms of finance,
business, family or other significant relationships.

Performance Appraisal and Remuneration of Directors, Supervisors and Senior
Management
Performance appraisal of Directors and Supervisors
During the Reporting Period, the Directors and Supervisors of the Company strictly complied with the laws, administrative
rules and Articles of Association, and diligently and faithfully performed their responsibilities and obligations.

The Directors of the Company attended meetings of the Board and meetings of relevant specialized committees in
accordance with the relevant requirements, at which every proposal was duly considered, and opinions and advice were put
forward. They read all sorts of documents and reports provided by the Company carefully during the period between each
Board meeting, which enabled them to understand the operating and management condition of the Company in time.




                                                                                                                                  Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees
Executive Directors of the Company duly performed their dual duties of making and executing decisions, actively
implemented the decisions made by the general meetings and the Board, thus effectively served as the bridge between the
Board and the management. Non-executive Directors conducted thorough study on the development strategy and operation
strategy of the Company, and understood the operating and management condition and the scientific and sound decision
making of the Company in time through investigations and research, seminars and communication, which demonstrated
their high level of responsibility. Independent non-executive Directors maintained communication with the Company through
various ways, such as on-site visits and seminars, attended meetings of the Board and the relevant specialized committees,
expressed independent and objective opinions, actively protected the interest of minority Shareholders, gave full play to their
professional strengths, and actively contributed to the Company’s development.

Supervisors of the Company attended meetings of the Supervisory Committee in accordance with the rules and they also
attended on-site Board meetings and general meetings as observers. They supervised and inspected the operation in
accordance with laws, major decisions, major business activities and the financial position of the Company.

For details of the performance of duties of Directors and Supervisors of the Company, please refer to the “Performance of
duties by Directors” and “Supervisors and the Supervisory Committee” in this report.




                                                                      CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   155
Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



Performance of duties and Performance appraisal of Senior management
During the Reporting Period, the Company provided clear targets for the Senior Management within the scope of their
duties and evaluated their performances by year end. In addition to focusing on financial performances, market influences,
completion of annual key tasks in their respective work sectors and performance of compliance duties, their appraisals were
also closely linked with the performance of the Company.


During the Reporting Period, the Senior Management of the Company conscientiously performed their duties, obtained good
overall performance, completed the tasks assigned to them by the Board and further enhanced the internal control system
and risk control mechanisms of the Company during their term. Under the guidance of the Board, the Senior Management
grasped the development opportunities of the industry, expedited innovations, optimized the operation structures,
enhanced cooperation and deepened the Company’s strategic implementations in all respects, achieving relatively good
operating results.


Remuneration of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management for the year

Procedures for determination     The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board is responsible for making
  of the remuneration of the     recommendations to the Board on the remuneration policy and structure for all Directors
  Directors, Supervisors and     and the Senior Management, as well as the establishment of formal and transparent
  Senior Management              procedures for the formulation of remuneration policy. The Board is responsible for
                                 decision making regarding the remuneration, reward and punishment issues for the Senior
                                 Management, whereas the remuneration of the Directors and Supervisors is determined
                                 by the general meetings. The Company will continue to improve the performance,
                                 remuneration and other management systems in accordance with the relevant regulatory
                                 requirements and the Company’s actual conditions.

Whether the Directors            When the 18th meeting of the eighth session of the Board considers the Plan on the Total
 abstained when the Board        Remuneration Paid to Directors of the Company in 2023, the executive Directors and
 were discussing their own       independent non-executive Directors who have received remuneration shall abstain from
 remuneration                    voting.

Details of the                   It is emphasized to design a scientific and reasonable deferral period and proportion
 recommendations provided        based on the risk cycle of the business, so as to further improve the remuneration
 by the Remuneration             management mechanisms, such as remuneration deferral.
 and Appraisal Committee
 or special meeting of
 independent Directors
 on the remuneration of the
 Directors, Supervisors and
 Senior Management

Criteria for determination       The remuneration of the Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management is determined
  of the remuneration of the     in strict accordance with the Remuneration Management System of the Company, and
  Directors, Supervisors and     is linked with their respective positions and performance.
  Senior Management




156
Actual payment of the              For details, please refer to “Changes in the Shares held by and information on
  remuneration of the              remuneration of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management who held office or
  Directors, Supervisors and       resigned during the Reporting Period” in this section. Allowances for the external Directors
  Senior Management                and Supervisors are calculated on a yearly basis, provided for on a monthly basis, and
                                   paid twice a year.

Total remuneration actually        RMB94,630,600
  received by all the Directors,
  Supervisors and Senior
  Management at the end of
  the Reporting Period

Share incentives regarding Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
Implementation of share incentive scheme of the Company
The Company did not implement any new share incentive scheme during the Reporting Period. For share incentive scheme
implemented by the Company in 2006, please refer to China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News, Securities Times
and the SSE website on 7 September 2006. For details of shares held by Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management of
the Company, please refer to “Changes in the Shares held by and information on remuneration of Directors, Supervisors and
Senior Management who held office or resigned during the Reporting Period” of this report.

The Company had not revised the scope of eligible participants for share incentives during the Reporting Period.




                                                                                                                                  Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report    157
Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



Staff Information
Number and composition of staff
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had a total of 26,822 staff, of which 16,244 were staff of the Company,
and their compositions are set out below:

 Number of in-service staff of the Parent                                                                          16,244
 Number of in-service staff of subsidiaries                                                                        10,578
 Total number of in-service staff                                                                                  26,822
 Number of retired staff for which the Group are responsible
   for their expenses                                                                                                 634

                                                        Profession
 Types of profession                                                                                     Number of staff

 Business staffs                                                                                                   21,343
 IT staffs                                                                                                          1,916
 Financial staffs                                                                                                     526
 Administrative staffs                                                                                                447
 Others (including clearing & settlement, risk management, legal,
   compliance, supervision and audit, etc.)                                                                         2,590
 Total                                                                                                             26,822


                                                      Education level
 Type of education                                                                                               Number

 Doctor’s degree                                                                                                      359
 Master’s degree                                                                                                   11,517
 Bachelor’s degree                                                                                                 13,904
 Associate’s degree and below                                                                                       1,042
 Total                                                                                                             26,822

Remuneration policy
The Company implements payroll management. Employees’ remuneration and benefits consist of fixed salary, annual
performance bonus, special rewards and insurance benefits. The fixed salary is the employees’ annual base income and
is determined according to the employees’ remuneration standards in line with positions and ranks. The remuneration
standards in line with positions and ranks are mainly based on factors such as the position’s duties, responsibilities,
importance, scale of operation, and industry practice. In order to strike a balance between business risks and financial
goals, the Company adopts a shared performance bonus incentive system. Conditional on recognizing that the business
department is profitable, performance bonus will be distributed “in favour of the business, the profitable business sections
and business with major innovation” while also fully affirming the role and value of other middle-office and back-office
departments to the Company.


The Company has established a number of special rewards such as “Chairman’s Incentive Funds” to develop the
Company’s core competitiveness, to encourage innovation and team spirit, and to maintain the stability of the core human
resources team.




158
The Company and its employees take part in various social insurance, enterprise annuity and housing fund programs
following China’s relevant regulations. The social insurance and housing fund programs are regulated in accordance with
local policies.


In order to raise the level of employee’s medical insurance, the Company sets up commercial complementary medical
insurance and accident insurance, in addition to basic medical insurance, at its own expense for the employees.


The Company has no share option program for now.


Pension schemes
The Group provides its full-time employees in China’s Mainland and certain countries or jurisdictions outside China’s
Mainland with relevant pension plans as required by the government authorities or by local labour laws (including the basic
pension insurance in China’s Mainland, the Mandatory Provident Funds in Hong Kong and other statutory schemes in
certain countries outside China’s Mainland). The Group did not have any forfeited contributions under these pension plans.


The Group also provided certain defined contribution plans, including corporate annuity scheme in China’s Mainland,
provident fund scheme in Hong Kong and Master Pooled Fund in Thailand to some of its employees in China’s Mainland
and outside China’s Mainland. As for the corporate annuity scheme in China’s Mainland, according to the requirements of
the scheme, when an employee resigns, part of the amounts of the Company’s contributions not vested in the employee
may be reallocated to the corporate annuity account based on the employee’s actual working time. Such reallocated
contributions would not affect the annuity contribution level of existing employees. The Group did not utilize any of forfeited
contributions to reduce the current contribution levels. As for certain defined contribution plans outside China’s Mainland,
the Group will not utilize any of forfeited contributions to reduce the existing contribution levels of the relevant plans.


For details of the pension schemes provided by the Group, please refer to Note 10 Operating Expenses to the Consolidated
Financial Statements in this report.


Training program




                                                                                                                                    Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees
The Company focuses on talent development, continuously refining and optimizing its talent training system and providing
personalized and high-quality training for new recruits, professional talents, management talents and all employees to
constantly improve employees’ overall quality and achieve common growth of employees and the Company.


During the Reporting Period, the Company strengthened the publicity and implementation of its corporate culture and the
training of its key talent echelons to improve the effectiveness of its talent development. First, comprehensively enhance
the training courses for new recruits to help them better fit into its corporate culture. The Company help new recruits in
developing a comprehensive understanding of the Company’s culture, professional skills and teamwork through the four
major courses set up in “integration plan”, namely “integrity, innovation, excellence, and sharing”, and the four major
onsite courses set up in the centralized face-to face training, namely “remain true to our original aspirations and move
forward with perseverance”, “stick to the bottom line and make steady progress”, “put business first and press ahead with
unwavering commitment and perseverance” and “go forward hand in hand and with one heart”. Second, launch training for
managers at different levels and in different categories. The Company launched thematic education training in rotation for




                                                                     CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report      159
Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



the Company’s core management personnel, “Voyage Plan” and “Sailing Plan” training for middle management personnel,
and “Starting Plan” training for reserve cadres, etc. The Company also systematically set up rich courses from the aspects
such as party spirit, corporate culture, management concepts, industry trend, business synergy, management skills,
to comprehensively enhance the political qualities and performance capabilities of management personnel at all levels.
Third, establish systems and platforms to carry out the training for professional talents. In 2023, the Company reviewed
its “Professional Talent Training System” based on its key business strategies and actual development, established its
professional talent training system centered on the business lines, and successively launched programs such as the
“Professional Empowerment Training Camp for Sales Elite Hub (銷售精英匯專業賦能訓練營)”, “Buffet Meeting Business
and Collaboration (業務協同冷餐會)”, “Professional Empowerment Training Camp for Researching and Creating of the
Future (研創未來專業賦能訓練營)”, “Fintech Empowerment Training Camp (金融科技賦能訓練營)” and the Investment
Banking Talent Cultivation Program. These programs helped business staff, especially junior staff, master in-depth product
knowledge and skills related to their positions, learn from the Company’s excellent business cases, and promoted to
enhance the Company’s per capita efficiency. Fourth, organize various training for all employees by both online and
onsite forms. For all employees, the Company organized on-the-job training and promotion training for employees at
various levels, and held a series of lectures on the “CITIC Securities Lecture” and “Workplace Gas Station”, to help them
continuously improve their working skills.

Information on brokers
As at the end of the Reporting Period, CSI’s subsidiaries had 84 brokers, all of whom were incorporated into its front office
management system and carries out daily supervision over the occupational behaviors of the brokers by a licensed officer
of the SFC. The Company has confirmed organization system, practicing conditions, scope of authorities and standards
of behaviors of the brokers and has established a filing and inquiry systems for the brokers. The brokers would engage in
activities such as customer solicitation and customer services only after obtaining a licence from the SFC, and required to
comply with the laws and regulations, accept internal compliance management, attend training, etc. as a licensee.




160
Corporate Governance Report
Overview of Corporate Governance
As an A+H company, the Company has operated its business in strict compliance with the requirements set forth in the
laws, regulations and normative documents of the PRC and the overseas jurisdiction where the Shares of the Company
are listed, and has made continuous efforts to maintain and enhance the good image of the Company in the market. The
Company keeps improving its corporate governance structure according to the requirements of the Company Law, the
Securities Law and relevant rules and regulations of the CSRC. The corporate governance of the Company complies with
the requirements of the relevant laws and regulations by having established a corporate governance structure characterized
by checks and balances among the general meeting, the Board, the Supervisory Committee and the Operation
Management, with each of them being separated from the others and performing its own functions and responsibilities
corresponding to its position within the specified terms of reference, thereby ensuring that all the operational activities of the
Company are carried out according to the rules and regulations.


During the Reporting Period, the Company strictly complied with the Corporate Governance Code and Corporate
Governance Report (hereinafter referred to as the “Code”) as set out in Appendix C1 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, and
observed all the Code provisions and satisfied the requirements of most recommended best practices in the Code.


Establishment and Implementation of the Registration and Administration System for
Persons Informed of Inside Information
Upon consideration and approval by the Board, the Registration System for Persons Informed of Inside Information of the
Company became effective from 29 September 2009 and was amended on 18 March 2021. During the Reporting Period,
the Company managed to achieve the due implementation of inside information management and registration of persons
informed of inside information in accordance with the requirements under the System. The Company also maintained the
relevant documents for inspection by the Company itself and relevant regulatory authorities, including a true and complete
list of persons informed of inside information in various processes such as reporting, circulation, preparation, audit and
disclosure prior to dissemination of inside information, as well as the content of the inside information and the timing it
became known to such persons. The Company was not aware of any non-compliance with the System.


The Company formulated the Registration System of Persons Informed of Undisclosed Information and established the
information reporting mechanism and procedure regarding the information on persons informed of undisclosed information
in various departments/business lines of the Company, specifying the responsibilities of the management personnel
of undisclosed information in the Compliance Department and in each department/business line, administrators of
each department/business line and persons informed of undisclosed information. During the Reporting Period, in strict




                                                                                                                                     Corporate Governance Report
compliance with the System, the Company conducted its registration of persons informed of undisclosed information on
a quarterly basis, and managed and registered the persons informed of undisclosed information in the course of business
within the scope of responsibility of various departments/business lines of the Company.


Dealing in Securities by Directors, Supervisors and Related Employees
According to the domestic regulatory requirements, the Board of the Company approved the formulation of the Company’s
Measures for the Management of the Holdings in the Shares of CITIC Securities Company Limited by Directors, Supervisors
and Senior Management and Relevant Changes (hereinafter referred to as the “Management Measures”) on 13 March
2008 and amended it on 30 May 2023, to regulate the behaviour of holdings of and dealings in the Shares of the Company
by Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management of the Company. The Measures are stricter than the compulsory
provisions in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (hereinafter referred to as the




                                                                     CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report     161
Corporate Governance Report



“Model Code”) set out in Appendix C3 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Having made enquiries, all Directors, Supervisors
and Senior Management had confirmed that they had strictly complied with the relevant provisions of the Management
Measures and the Model Code during the Reporting Period. For details about the shareholdings of the Directors,
Supervisors and Senior Management in the Company, please refer to “Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
(1) Changes in the Shares held by and information on remuneration of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management who
held office or resigned during the Reporting Period” of this report.


Shareholders and the General Meetings
The general meeting is the highest authority of the Company, and Shareholders can exercise their rights through the general
meeting. The Company convenes and holds the general meeting in strict compliance with the relevant regulations, so as to
ensure all Shareholders, especially the minority Shareholders, are being treated equally and can fully exercise their rights.
Following the guidance of the Articles of Association of the Company, the Company operates in an orderly manner and
maintains healthy and stable development, thus effectively protecting the interests of the Company and its Shareholders.


Pursuant to Article 96 of the Articles of Association of the Company, Shareholders that hold, individually or collectively,
10% or more of the shares in the Company shall have the right to request in writing the Board of Directors to hold an
extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders. The Board of Directors shall, in accordance with relevant laws, regulations
and the Articles of Association, give a written response on whether or not it agrees to call such an extraordinary General
Meeting of Shareholders within 10 days after receipt of the proposal from the abovementioned shareholders to call such
meeting. If the Board of Directors agrees to hold an extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders, it will issue a notice
calling such meeting within 5 days after it has so resolved. The consent of the relevant shareholders shall be secured if any
change is to be made in the notice to the original request. If the Board of Directors disagrees on holding an extraordinary
General Meeting of Shareholders or fails to give a response within 10 days after the receipt of the proposal, the
Shareholders that hold, individually or collectively, 10% or more of the shares in the Company shall have the right to propose
to the Supervisory Committee to hold an extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders in writing. If the Supervisory
Committee agrees to hold an extraordinary General Meeting of Shareholders, it will issue a notice calling such meeting within
5 days after it has so resolved. The consent of the relevant Shareholders shall be secured if any change is to be made in the
notice to the original request. If the Supervisory Committee fails to issue the notice calling such meeting within the period
specified hereinabove, it shall be deemed to have failed to convene and preside over such meeting. The Shareholders that
hold, individually or collectively, 10% of the shares in the Company for 90 days or more consecutively may convene and
preside such meeting.


In addition, pursuant to Article 101 of the Articles of Association of the Company, the Board of Directors, the Supervisory
Committee and shareholders that hold, individually or collectively, 3% or more of the shares in the Company shall have the
right to propose motions to the Company at the General Meeting of Shareholders. Shareholders that hold, individually or
collectively, 3% or more of the shares in the Company may submit extempore motions in writing to the convener 10 days
prior to the date of such meeting. The convener shall, within two days after receipt of the motion, issue a supplementary
notice of the General Meeting of Shareholders and make a public announcement of the contents of such extempore motion.
Except as provided in the preceding paragraph, the convener may not, after publishing the notice of the General Meeting
of Shareholders, make any change to the motions set forth in such notice or add any new motions. The General Meeting
of Shareholders shall not vote or resolve on any motions which are not contained in a notice of the General Meeting of
Shareholders or are not in compliance with the provisions of the preceding article.




162
The Company attaches great importance to the management of investor relations, and pursuant to the Management System
for Information Disclosure and the Management System for Investor Relations of the Company, the Board Secretary is
designated to handle information disclosure matters, and to receive visits and enquiries from the Shareholders, thereby
having established a relatively well-managed and effective channel for communication with the Shareholders. In addition
to the information disclosure channels prescribed in the laws and regulations, the Company mainly communicates with
its investors through telephone, email, online platform, receiving visits, and attending investor meetings, to ensure that all
Shareholders, especially the minority Shareholders, can fully exercise their rights. During the Reporting Period, the Company
has reviewed above communicating policies between the Company and its Shareholders. The Board of Directors is of
the view that the views of the Shareholders have been properly received and addressed and that the policies have been
effectively implemented.


The Company fully respects and protects the lawful interests of the Shareholders and other creditors, employees, clients and
other stakeholders, and involves them in a joint effort to promote the sustained and healthy development of the Company.


The 2023 First Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company was held at Beijing Ruicheng Four Seasons Hotel, and
two special resolutions were considered and approved; the 2022 Annual General Meeting of the Company was held at
Kempinski Hotel, Beijing, and nine ordinary resolutions were considered and approved. The two shareholders’ meetings,
taken by poll through a combination of on-site voting and online voting, were chaired by Mr. ZHANG Youjun, the Chairman
of the Company, and Directors, Supervisors and certain members of the Senior Management of the Company attended the
meetings.

Note:	For details of the resolutions of the meetings mentioned above, please refer to the announcements published on the HKEXnews website of HKEX on the
       date of the meeting, and the announcements published on the SSE website, China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News and Securities Times
       published on the following day


During the Reporting Period, the attendances of Directors at the general meetings/class meetings are as follows:


                                                                                                                                            Attendance in
                                                                                                                                                  general
                                                                                Attendance in Board meetings                                    meetings
                                                Required                                                                  Whether failure
                            Whether an      attendance at                                                                  to attend two
                            Independent   Board meetings                      Attendance                                     consecutive




                                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance Report
                            Director          held during   Attendance in        by tele-   Attendance by                     meeting in           Actual
 Name of Director           or not               the year         person communication              proxy       Absence    person or not      attendance


 ZHANG Youjun               No                        14              14               9               —             —                No               2
 YANG Minghui               No                        14              14               9               —             —                No               2
 ZHANG Lin                  No                        14              14               9               —             —                No               2
 FU Linfang                 No                        14              14               9               —             —                No               2
 ZHAO Xianxin               No                        14              14               9               —             —                No               2
 WANG Shuhui                No                        14              14               9               —             —                No               2
 LI Qing                    Yes                       14              14               9               —             —                No               2
 SHI Qingchun               Yes                       14              14               9               —             —                No               2
 ZHANG Jianhua              Yes                       14              14               9               —             —                No               2


                                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report                 163
Corporate Governance Report



Board and the Operation Management
Composition of the Board
The Company strictly complies with the requirements of the Articles of Association of the Company for elections and
changes of the Directors. The number and composition of the Board have complied with the requirements of the relevant
laws and regulations. Besides, the Board also kept improving the Rules of Procedure of the Board. The convening, holding,
as well as the voting procedures of all the Board meetings were legitimate and valid. The independent non-executive
Directors of the Company are able to protect the interests of minority Shareholders independently and objectively, and play
a role of checks and balance in the decision-making of the Board.


As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Eighth Session of the Board consisted of nine Directors, including two executive
Directors (Mr. ZHANG Youjun and Mr. YANG Minghui), four non-executive Directors (Mr. ZHANG Lin, Ms. FU Linfang,
Mr. ZHAO Xianxin and Mr. WANG Shuhui) and three independent non-executive Directors (Mr. LI Qing, Mr. SHI Qingchun
and Mr. ZHANG Jianhua), and the independent non-executive Directors reached one third of the Board. Mr. ZHANG Youjun
is the Chairman of the Company.


Directors (including executive Directors, non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors) are elected
by the general meeting for a term of three years commencing from the date on which their appointments are approved
at the general meeting. Directors are eligible for re-election upon the expiration of their terms. The terms of independent
non-executive Directors are the same as the other Directors, but shall not be re-elected for more than two consecutive
sessions. In accordance with relevant requirement of Measures for the Administration of Independent Directors of Listed
Companies (上市公司獨立董事管理辦法) of CSRC and Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Company has
received the self-examination report and annual written confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Director
with regard to his independence. Based on these self-examination and confirmations and the relevant information available
to the Board, the Company continues to confirm their independence.


Pursuant to the authorisation of the 2011 Fifth Extraordinary General Meeting, the Company has purchased liability
insurance for the Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management, so as to protect them against the compensation liabilities
that may arise from performing their duties and to encourage them to earnestly fulfil their duties and responsibilities.


Duties and responsibilities of the Board
The Board is the decision-making body of the Company and is responsible to the general meeting. The Board is principally
responsible for making the overall and long-term decisions of the Group, as well as making decisions on corporate
governance, development strategy, risk management, financial operation and other aspects. The Board is also responsible
for reviewing and approving of the major financial and investment decisions, business strategies and other plans of the
Company.


The Board shall exercise the following major functions and powers in accordance with the Articles of Association of
the Company: to convene general meeting and report its work to the general meeting; to report at the annual general
meeting and to disclose the performance of duties by the directors in the annual report, including the attendance of Board
meetings and votes of the directors during the Reporting Period; to implement the resolutions of the general meeting; to
decide on the business plans and investment plans of the Company; to formulate the annual financial budget plan and the
final account plan of the Company; to formulate the profit distribution plan and loss recovering plan of the Company; to
formulate proposals for the increase or reduction of the registered capital, the issuance of bonds or other securities and




164
the listing plan of the Company; to prepare plans for material acquisitions, purchase of the Company’s Shares, or merger,
separation, dissolution or change of the corporate form of the Company; to decide on the external investment, acquisition
and disposal of assets, mortgage of assets, external guarantee, entrusted wealth management, related party/connected
transactions, external donations, etc. of the Company in accordance with the laws and regulations or the listing rules of the
stock exchange where the Company’s shares are listed or within the scope of the authorisation of the general meeting; to
decide on the establishment of the internal management structure of the Company; to decide on the appointment of Senior
Management of the Company, and assess and determine their remuneration, rewards and punishments; and to decide
on the dismissal of Senior Management (including but not limited to the person who assumes the primary or leadership
responsibility for the occurrence of major compliance risks); to formulate the basic management system of the Company;
to formulate the amendment to the Articles of Association of the Company; to manage information disclosures of the
Company; to propose to the general meeting on the engagement or replacement of the accounting firms of the Company
who conduct audit for the Company; to listen to the work report and check the work of the President of the Company; to
consider and approve the fundamental system of compliance management and overall risk management of the Company;
to consider and approve the risk appetite, risk tolerance and major risk limits of the Company; to consider the regular risk
assessment reports of the Company; to listen to the work report of the Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Risk Officer; to
consider and approve the annual compliance report; to assess the effectiveness of compliance management and procure
solutions for the problems in the compliance management; to consider the information technology management objectives
and assume responsibilities for the effectiveness of the information technology management; to perform other duties and
powers granted under relevant laws, administrative regulations and departmental rules.


Responsibilities of the Operation Management
The Operation Management of the Company is responsible for implementing the development strategies and policies
approved by the Board, as well as the daily operation and management of the Group. The Company sets up the Operation
Management Committee, the highest operation management authority of the Company, which shall exercise the following
functions and powers in accordance with the Articles of Association of the Company: to carry through and implement the
operation guidelines of the Company set by the Board, and decide on material matters in respect of the operation and
management of the Company; to formulate and implement the financial budget plan of the Company; to formulate financial
account plan, profit distribution plan and loss recovering plan of the Company; to formulate proposals for altering the
registered capital of the Company and bonds issuance; to formulate proposals for merging, splitting, transforming the form
of and dissolution of the Company; to formulate operational plans and proposals for investment, financing and disposal
of assets of the Company, and submit the proposals to the Board for approval according to its terms of reference; to
formulate risk management system and to make adjustment as appropriate; to formulate the risk appetite, risk tolerance




                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance Report
and major risk limits, regularly assess the overall risk and various key risk management positions of the Company, address
issues in risk management and report to the Board; to establish a complete IT system and data quality control mechanism;
to implement the IT management objectives set by the Board and take responsibility for IT management; to formulate
proposals on the establishment of the management structure of the Company; to build up and improve the comprehensive
risk management structure of the Company; to build up a performance appraisal system for all employees covering the
effectiveness of the risk management, to formulate and approve the proposal of remuneration, rewards and punishments
of employees; to build up and improve an organizational structure for compliance management, to comply with the order of
the compliance management, equip sufficient and appropriate compliance management personnel, and provide adequate
human, material, financial and technical support and guarantee for them to perform their duties; to promptly report and
rectify any irregularities found and implement accountability; to perform other functions and powers delegated by the Board.




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   165
Corporate Governance Report



During the Reporting Period, the Operation Management of the Company firmly performed their duties. Various operational
and management works were steadily promoted and positive results had been achieved, and the Company’s business
results and market rankings of various main businesses continued to maintain in top tier of the industry. Focusing on risk
prevention, the Company further improved the global risk compliance control system. Strengthening data governance and
application, the Company continued to promote the development of its digital transformation towards the overall business,
overall process and overall mode. Putting great efforts in the construction of the talent team, the Company further optimized
the composition of personnel. Further promoting the construction of corporate culture, the Company actively fulfilled its
social responsibilities.


Performance of duties by Directors
Board meeting and attendance of Directors


 Sessions                  Date of Meeting    Resolutions of the Meetings


 The 2nd Meeting           19 January 2023    Considered and approved:
    of the Eighth                             1.     Proposal on Amendments to the Articles of Association of the Company
    Session of the                            2.	Proposal on the Cancellation of CITIC Securities Overseas Investment
    Board                                            Company Limited
 The 3rd Meeting           24 February 2023   Considered and approved:
    of the Eighth                             Proposal on Change of the Chief Risk Officer of the Company
    Session of the
    Board
 The 4th Meeting           30 March 2023      Considered and approved:
    of the Eighth                             1.     2022 Annual Report
    Session of the                            2.     2022 Profit Distribution Plan
    Board                                     3.	Proposal on the Distributed Total Remuneration of the Directors of the
                                                     Company for 2022
                                              4.     2022 Work Report of the Board
                                              5.	Proposal on the Estimated Investment Amount for the Proprietary
                                                     Business of the Company for 2023
                                              6.     2023 Financing Guarantee Plan of the Company
                                              7.	
                                                 Proposal on Estimation of Related Party/Continuing Connected
                                                     Transactions Contemplated in the Ordinary Course of Business of the
                                                     Company in 2023
                                              8.	2022 Duty Performance Report of the Independent Non-executive
                                                     Directors
                                              9.     Internal Control Audit Report
                                              10.    2022 Assessment Report on the Internal Control
                                              11.    2022 Compliance Report
                                              12.    2022 Evaluation Report on the Compliance Management Effectiveness
                                              13.    2022 Anti-money Laundering Work Report
                                              14.	Work Report on the Self-assessment of Money Laundering and Terrorist
                                                     Financing Risks




166
Sessions           Date of Meeting   Resolutions of the Meetings


                                     15.    2022 Integrity Practice Management Report
                                     16.    2022 Comprehensive Risk Management Report
                                     17.    2022 Risk Appetite Management Report
                                     18.    Risk Appetite Statement for 2023
                                     19.	
                                         Proposal on the Distributed Total Remuneration of the Senior
                                            Management of the Company for 2022
                                     20.	Proposal on Annual Assessment on the Chief Compliance Officer of the
                                            Company
                                     21.    2022 Corporate Governance Report
                                     22.    2022 Audit Work Report
                                     23.    2022 Social Responsibility Report
                                     24.    2022 Special Report on Information Technology Management
                                     25.	
                                         Special       Audit   Report   on    the   Implementation    of   the    Relevant
                                            Requirements of Notice No. 128 of Shenzhen Securities Regulatory
                                            Bureau
                                     26.    2022 Special Report on the Depository and Actual Use of the Proceeds
                                     27.	Proposal on the Authorization of Convening the 2022 Annual General
                                            Meeting
                                     and considered:
                                     Report on the Assets for Write-off of Bad Debts in 2022
The 5th Meeting    27 April 2023     Considered and approved:
  of the Eighth                      1.     2023 First Quarterly Report
  Session of the                     2.	Proposal on Amendments to Detailed Rules for the Work of the
  Board                                     Executive Committee
                                     3.	
                                        Proposal        on     Change    of   Company     Secretary    and       Authorized
                                            Representative of Hong Kong Stock Exchange and Principal Authorized
                                            Person of the Electronic Submission System
The 6th Meeting    12 May 2023       Considered and approved:
  of the Eighth                      Proposal on Change of Accounting Firms
  Session of the




                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance Report
  Board
The 7th Meeting    30 May 2023       Considered and approved:
  of the Eighth                      1.	Proposal in Relation to the Amendments to the Rules of Procedures of
  Session of the                            the Nomination Committee of the Board of Directors and the Rules of
  Board                                     Procedures of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board
                                            of Directors of the Company
                                     2.	Proposal in Relation to the Amendments to the Measures for the
                                            Management of the Holdings in the Shares of CITIC Securities
                                            Company Limited by Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
                                            and Relevant Changes of the Company
                                     3.	Proposal in Relation to the Amendments to the Internal Information
                                            Management Work Guidelines of the Company


                                                             CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report       167
Corporate Governance Report



Sessions           Date of Meeting    Resolutions of the Meetings


The 8th Meeting    14 June 2023       Considered and approved:
  of the Eighth                       Proposal on Changing the External Investment Amount of Subsidiaries
  Session of the
  Board
The 9th Meeting    21 July 2023       Considered and approved:
  of the Eighth                       Proposal on the External Investment through a Subsidiary
  Session of the
  Board
The 10th Meeting   29 August 2023     Considered and approved:
  of the Eighth                       1.     2023 Interim Report
  Session of the                      2.     2023 Interim Compliance Report
  Board                               3.     2023 Interim Comprehensive Risk Management Report
                                      4.     2023 Interim Risk Appetite Management Report
                                      5.	Proposal in Relation to the Amendments to the Company’s Risk
                                             Appetite Statement for 2023
                                      6.	2023 Interim Special Report on the Depository and Actual Use of the
                                             Proceeds
                                      7.     Special Audit Report on the Material Related Party Transactions
                                      8.	Proposal on the Election of Members of the Nomination Committee of
                                             the Board of the Company
                                      and reviewed:
                                      the Progress on Evaluation of New Products and New Businesses of
                                      the Company
The 11th Meeting   8 September 2023   Considered and approved:
  of the Eighth                       Proposal on the External Investment through a Subsidiary
  Session of the
  Board
The 12th Meeting   23 October 2023    Considered and approved:
  of the Eighth                       Proposal on Mr. ZOU Yingguang Ceasing to Serve as the Executive Member of
  Session of the                      the Company
  Board
The 13th Meeting   30 October 2023    Considered and approved:
  of the Eighth                       1.     2023 Third Quarterly Report
  Session of the                      2.	Proposal on Improving the Company’s Basic Management System of
  Board                                      Integrity Practice
                                      3.	Proposal on Improving the Company’s Basic Anti- Money Laundering
                                             Management System




168
 Sessions                Date of Meeting        Resolutions of the Meetings


 The 14th Meeting        19 December 2023 Considered and approved:
    of the Eighth                               1.	Proposal on the Amendments to the Rules of Procedures of the
    Session of the                                      Strategic Planning and ESG Committee of the Board of the Company
    Board                                       2.	Proposal on the Amendments to the Rules of Procedure of the Audit
                                                        Committee of the Board of the Company
                                                3.	Proposal on the Amendments to the Rules of Procedures of the
                                                        Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board of the Company
                                                4.	Proposal on the Amendments to the Rules of Procedures of the
                                                        Nomination Committee of the Board of the Company
                                                5.	Proposal on the Amendments to the Rules of Procedure of the Risk
                                                        Management Committee of the Board of the Company
                                                6.	Proposal on the Amendments to the Rules of Procedure of the Related
                                                        Party Transactions Control Committee of the Board of the Company
                                                7.	Proposal on the Amendments to the Working System for Independent
                                                        Directors of the Company
                                                8.	Proposal on the Appointment of the Securities Affairs Representative of
                                                        the Company
                                                9.	Proposal on Considering Audit Report of Anti-money Laundering Work
                                                        of the Company
 The 15th Meeting        5 January 2024         Considered and approved:
    of the Eighth                               1.      Proposal on the Change of Chief Financial Officer of the Company
    Session of the                              2.      Proposal on the Change of the Chief Risk Officer of the Company
    Board   Note
                                                3.	Proposal on Amendments to the Measures for Performance Appraisal
                                                        and Compensation Management for Senior Executives of the Company

Note: The 15th Meeting of the Eighth Session of the Board was a communication voting meeting, and the notice of the meeting was issued in
      December 2023.




                                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance Report




                                                                         CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report        169
Corporate Governance Report



During the Reporting Period, the attendances of Directors at the Board meetings are as follows:


                                                                                              Attendance in Board meetings
                                                                  Required                                                                         Failure to
                                                                attendance                                                                       attend two
                                                Whether an         at Board                                                                     consecutive
                                                Independent       meetings                                                                      meetings in
                                                Director        held during    Attendance           Attendance by Attendance                       person or
 Name of Director                               or not             the year      in person tele-communication           by proxy Absence                 not


 ZHANG Youjun                                   No                       14              14                       9            —           —              No
 YANG Minghui                                   No                       14              14                       9            —           —              No
 ZHANG Lin                                      No                       14              14                       9            —           —              No
 FU Linfang                                     No                       14              14                       9            —           —              No
 ZHAO Xianxin                                   No                       14              14                       9            —           —              No
 WANG Shuhui                                    No                       14              14                       9            —           —              No
 LI Qing                                        Yes                      14              14                       9            —           —              No
 SHI Qingchun                                   Yes                      14              14                       9            —           —              No
 ZHANG Jianhua                                  Yes                      14              14                       9            —           —              No

Note: The attendance listed in the table above represents the number of meetings attended by the Directors in their terms of office during the Reporting Period


Implementation of resolutions approved at the General Meetings by the Board
(1)    On 29 June 2021, the Resolution on the Re-authorisation of Issuances of Onshore and Offshore Corporate Debt
       Financing Instruments by the Company was considered and approved at the 2020 Annual General Meeting of the
       Company. As at the end of 2023, the resolution was in effect and the aggregate existing size of debt financing
       instruments issued under the resolution was approximately RMB161.982 billion.


(2)    On 9 August 2021, the Proposal on the Establishment of an Asset Management Subsidiary and the Corresponding
       Change to the Business Scope of the Company was considered and approved at the 2021 First Extraordinary General
       Meeting of the Company. The establishment of the asset management subsidiary of the Company was approved by
       the CSRC on 30 December 2022. CITIC Securities AM has completed the industrial and commercial registration and
       obtained its business license on 1 March 2023. The Company has renewed the new Securities and Futures Business
       License on 30 October 2023 and provided net capital guarantees to CITIC Securities AM in the aggregate amount of
       RMB5 billion during the Reporting Period.


(3)    On 9 March 2023, the 2023 First Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company considered and approved a proposal
       on the amendment of the Articles of Association of the Company, adjusting the highest operation management
       authority and the business scope of the Company, etc. The amended Articles of Association of the Company came
       into effect from 9 March 2023.


(4)    On 28 June 2023, the 2022 Profit Distribution Plan was considered and approved at the 2022 Annual General Meeting
       of the Company. The Company adopted the cash dividend payment method for its 2022 profit distribution, and all
       cash dividends had been fully paid on 25 August 2023.




170
(5)   On 28 June 2023, the Proposal on Changing the Accounting Firms was also considered and approved at the 2022
      Annual General Meeting of the Company, and appointed KPMG Huazhen as the Company’s domestic accounting
      firm for the 2023, and KPMG Hong Kong as the Company’s international accounting firm for the 2023, which will
      be responsible for the provision of the relevant annual audit, interim review, internal control audit and other relevant
      auditing services in accordance with the China Accounting Standards and the International Financial Reporting
      Standards, respectively. On 26 March 2024, KPMG issued unqualified audit’s reports and the Audit Report on the
      Internal Control for the Company.


The main measures taken by the Board in corporate governance during the Reporting Period


(1)   Corporate governance of the Company and related suggestions: Facing the complex economic and market
      environment in 2023, the Board and specialized committees of the Board of the Company continued to pay attention
      to the conditions of the Company and of the market and regulatory requirements, and helped the Company to further
      sort out the internal management process, strengthen the internal control mechanism and establish a sound risk
      management system.


(2)   Development of directors and senior management: The Company provided professional training for directors and
      senior management to perform their duties, and provided them with relevant information on the securities industry and
      the Company’s development trends in a timely manner to facilitate their performance of duties.


(3)   Compliance management of laws and regulations: The Board revised the Articles of Association of the Company and
      its appendixes, the rules of procedures of each committee of the Board, the Rules of Procedure of the Executive
      Committee and the Working System for Independent Directors in accordance with the provisions and requirements
      of various laws and regulations and normative documents as amended by regulatory authorities and taking into
      consideration the Company’s business operation and development needs.


(4)   ESG governance: The Board of the Company comprehensively oversaw the implementation of the Company’s ESG
      policies and plans, supervised the Company’s environmental, social and governance matters with the assistance of
      its subordinate Strategic Planning and ESG Committee, controlled the Company’s ESG strategies, approaches and
      targets, listened to the reports on the implementation of the Company’s ESG works and provided guidance and
      suggestions.




                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report
(5)   Construction of corporate culture: During its nearly 30 years of development, CITIC Securities has developed a
      corporate culture system incorporating the mission, vision, core values, characters and consensus of the Company.
      The Company has established a management mechanism for the construction of corporate culture, with the leading
      group as the leading organization, while the working group performing the responsibilities of daily management
      and all departments, business lines, and subsidiaries (branch offices) serving as the executing organization. The
      Company formulated a scientific and systematic annual work plan for the construction of corporate culture. In 2023,
      the Company guided all employees to inherit cherished culture by holding a series of activities such as creating
      connections between young employees and the real economy and the subsidiaries and branches in need and the
      promotion month centering on the corporate culture. The Company has achieved the highest rating in the cultural
      construction practice evaluation of the securities industry for three consecutive years since 2020.




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   171
Corporate Governance Report



Training of Directors
Training of Directors is a continuous program. The Company will arrange induction training for all newly appointed Directors
according to their experiences and backgrounds. The Company will also provide relevant various kinds of reading materials
to newly appointed Directors to enhance their knowledge and understanding about the corporate culture and operation
of the Group. The content of the training and reading materials generally include brief introduction about the structure,
business and corporate governance of the Group, as well as an introduction on the securities industry and investment
banking business in China.


In addition, every Director will receive a guideline on code of conduct and other documents when joining the Board. During
the Reporting Period, the Directors were periodically or occasionally provided with reporting information about the business
operations of the Group, as well as the introduction on the changes and latest development of the relevant legislative and
regulatory environment. Besides, the Company also encouraged all Directors to participate in relevant training courses at the
cost of the Company. All Directors have provided regular training records to the Company.


During the Reporting Period, the Directors of the Company attached great importance to updating their professional
knowledge and skills to cater for the needs of the Company’s development, the methods and the details of which are as
follows:

 Name                   Positions             Methods and Details of the Training


 ZHANG Youjun           Executive Director,   In April 2023, he participated in Studying and Implementing Xi Jinping Thought
                          Chairman            on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and the reading
                                              training on the Spirit of the 20th National Congress of the CPC organized by
                                              CITIC Group


                                              In May 2023, he attended the online specialized thematic courses on
                                              Strengthening the Party’s Innovative Theoretical Knowledge, Enhancing Party
                                              Construction in Corporations organized by China E-learning Academy for
                                              Leadership


                                              In September 2023, he attended the typical case column online courses on
                                              Carbon Dioxide Peaking and Carbon Neutrality organized by China E-learning
                                              Academy for Leadership


                                              In November 2023, he attended the financial system specialized training
                                              courses on Studying and Implementing the Central Financial Work Conference
                                              organized by the Central Communist Party School


                                              In December 2023, he attended the column online courses on Correctly
                                              Understanding and Vigorously Promoting Chinese Modernization Learning
                                              organized by China E-learning Academy for Leadership




172
Name           Positions            Methods and Details of the Training


YANG Minghui   Executive Director   In April 2023, he participated in Studying and Implementing Xi Jinping Thought
                                    on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and the reading
                                    training on the Spirit of the 20th National Congress of the CPC organized by
                                    CITIC Group


                                    In September 2023, he attended the typical case column online courses on
                                    Carbon Dioxide Peaking and Carbon Neutrality organized by China E-learning
                                    Academy for Leadership


                                    In November 2023, he attended the financial system specialized training
                                    courses on Studying and implementing the Central Financial Work Conference
                                    organized by the Central Communist Party School


                                    In December 2023, he attended the column online courses on Correctly
                                    Understanding and Vigorously Promoting Chinese Modernization Learning
                                    organized by China E-learning Academy for Leadership


ZHANG Lin      Non-executive        In July 2023, he participated in the training course for the Directors and
                 Director           Supervisors of Central Huijin Investment Ltd.


                                    In July 2023, he participated in the training course of Hong Kong Governance
                                    Institute


                                    In September 2023, he participated in the training course on the rule of
                                    law ideology of the Renmin University of China organized by the Corporate
                                    Governance Committee of the Central Huijin Investment Ltd.


                                    In October 2023, he participated in the training course for Directors and
                                    Executives sent by the Ministry of Finance




                                                                                                                      Corporate Governance Report
                                    In October 2023, he participated in the Shenzhen Public Companies
                                    Association’s 2023 training course for Directors, Supervisors and Senior
                                    Management of Listed Companies in Shenzhen


FU Linfang     Non-executive        In October 2023, she participated in the Shenzhen Public Companies
                 Director           Association’s 2023 training course for Directors, Supervisors and Senior
                                    Management of Listed Companies in Shenzhen


ZHAO Xianxin   Non-executive        In October 2023, he participated in the Shenzhen Public Companies
                 Director           Association’s 2023 training course for Directors, Supervisors and Senior
                                    Management of Listed Companies in Shenzhen




                                                          CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   173
Corporate Governance Report



 Name                  Positions            Methods and Details of the Training


 WANG Shuhui           Non-executive        In August 2023, he participated in the distance course on “How Public
                         Director           Companies Improve ESG Ratings” organized by the China Association for
                                            Public Companies


                                            In October 2023, he participated in the investor relations management special
                                            training on “2023 Investor Relations Management Monthly Activities for Public
                                            Companies in Guangdong” organized by Guangdong Office of CSRC and The
                                            Listed Companies Association of Guangdong


                                            In December 2023, he participated in the online training on “Interpretation
                                            of the Reform of the Independent Director System of Listed Companies”
                                            organized by Guangdong Office of CSRC and The Listed Companies
                                            Association of Guangdong

 LI Qing               Independent          In December 2023, he participated in the Fifth Follow-up Training for Independent
                         Non-executive      Directors of Listed Companies of SSE for 2023
                         Director

 SHI Qingchun          Independent          In November 2023, he participated in the Fourth Follow-up Training for
                         Non-executive      Independent Directors of Listed Companies of SSE for 2023
                         Director

 ZHANG Jianhua         Independent          In December 2023, he participated in the Sixth Follow-up Training for
                         Non-executive      Independent Directors of Listed Companies of SSE for 2023
                         Director

Chairman
The Chairman is the Company’s legal representative, whose responsibilities are to take charge of the operation of the Board
and to ensure that the Board acts in the best interest of the Company, that the Board operates effectively, fulfills its duties
and discusses all important and appropriate issues, and that the Directors can receive information in an accurate, timely and
clear manner.


President
Mr. YANG Minghui serves as the President of the Company. The President is responsible for presiding over the Company’s
daily work, which mainly includes, organizing to carry out the Board’s resolutions, organizing the implementation of the
Company’s annual business plan and investment plan, formulating the Company’s basic management system, formulating
the specific rules and regulations of the Company, drafting plans for the establishment of the Company’s internal
management structure, proposing the appointment or dismissal of other Senior Management other than the President, the
Chief Compliance Officer and the Board Secretary, deciding on the appointment or dismissal of management personnel
other than those required to be appointed or dismissed by the Board, implementing the risk control system of the Company,
ensuring that the Company meets the requirements of the risk control indicators set by the CSRC, and exercising other
powers granted by the Articles of Association of the Company and the Board of the Company. The President shall be
accountable to the Board and report his work to the Board.



174
Non-executive Directors
The Company currently has seven non-executive Directors, three of which are independent non-executive Directors. For
details about the terms of office of the non-executive Directors, please refer to “Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management
and Employees” of this report.


Specialized Committees under the Board of the Company
The Eighth Session of the Board of the Company has established the Strategic Planning and ESG Committee, the Audit
Committee, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Risk Management Committee and
the Related Party Transactions Control Committee, which are responsible for assisting the Board to perform its duties from
various aspects.


On 29 August 2023, the Tenth Meeting of the Eighth Session of the Board of the Company elected Mr. ZHANG Jianhua,
the Independent Non-executive Director, as the member of the Nomination Committee of the Board of the Company. Up to
now, the composition of the specialized committees of the Eighth Session of the Board is as follows:


 Category of specialized committees           Name of member


 Strategic Planning and ESG Committee         ZHANG Youjun (Chairman), YANG Minghui, FU Linfang, WANG Shuhui
 Audit Committee                              SHI Qingchun (Chairman), LI Qing, ZHANG Jianhua
 Remuneration and Appraisal Committee         ZHANG Jianhua (Chairman), LI Qing, SHI Qingchun
 Nomination Committee                         LI   Qing   (Chairman),   ZHANG     Youjun,   ZHANG     Lin,   SHI   Qingchun,
                                              ZHANG Jianhua
 Risk Management Committee                    YANG Minghui (Chairman), ZHAO Xianxin, WANG Shuhui, ZHANG Jianhua
 Related Party Transactions Control           SHI Qingchun (Chairman), LI Qing, ZHANG Jianhua
   Committee

During the Reporting Period, the specialized committees of the Board of the Company cordially performed their duties, actively
discussed the changes in internal and external environment, participated in the collective decision-making of material matters
of the Company, and provided a number of constructive and professional opinions and recommendations on the rapid and
healthy development of the Company. In response to the financial situation of global economy, the national macroeconomic
policies and the regulatory requirements on the securities industry, the specialized committees of the Board of the Company
affirmed the Company’s strategic goals and made recommendations to the Board in respect of deeply advancing the




                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report
internationalization process, improving internal control, preventing business risks, exploring more efficient management
structures, establishing incentive policies matching the industry positioning of the Company and other aspects. During the
Reporting Period, none of the committee members raised objection to the matters being considered.

Strategic Planning and ESG Committee
The primary responsibilities of the Strategic Planning and ESG Committee of the Board of the Company are: to understand
and master the overall operations of the Company; to understand, analyze and master the current conditions of the
international and domestic industries; to understand and master relevant policies of China; to research on the short-term,
mid-term and long-term development strategies of the Company and other related issues; to advise on the long-term
development strategies, major investments, reforms and other major decisions of the Company; to research and provide the
advice for decision-making on ESG governance of the Company, including the prospects, objectives and policies of ESG
governance; to review, evaluate the implementation of the above items and timely make recommendations for adjustment;
other duties conferred by the Board.

                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   175
Corporate Governance Report



During the Reporting Period, the Strategic Planning and ESG Committee held three meetings in total, details of which are as
follows:


 Date of Meeting             Proposals Passed


 19 January 2023             Considered and approved:
                             Proposal on Cancellation of CITIC Securities Overseas Investment Company Limited
 28 March 2023               Considered and approved:
                             2022 Social Responsibility Report
 19 December 2023            Considered and approved:
                             Proposal on Amendments to the Rules of Procedures of the Strategic Planning and ESG
                             Committee of the Board of the Company

All members of the Strategic Planning and ESG Committee attended the above meetings.


Audit Committee
The primary responsibilities of the Audit Committee of the Board of the Company are: to make recommendations to the
Board on the appointment, re-appointment and removal of the external audit institution; to approve the remuneration and
terms of engagement of the external audit institution, and to deal with any questions relating to the resignation or dismissal
of the audit institution; to review and monitor the independence and objectivity of the external audit institution and the
effectiveness of the auditing procedures in accordance with applicable standards; to discuss with the audit institution the
nature and scope of the audit and related reporting obligations before the audit commences; to develop and implement
policies on engaging an external audit institution to supply non-audit services. The Audit Committee shall report to the
Board, identifying and making recommendations on any matters where action or improvement is needed. An external
audit institution includes any institution that is under the common control, ownership or management with such external
audit institution or any entity that a reasonable and informed third party knowing all relevant information would reasonably
conclude to be part of the audit firm nationally or internationally.


During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee held ten meetings in total. The Audit Committee convened its meetings,
considered relevant matters and made decisions in accordance with the Rules of Procedure of the Audit Committee of the
Board of the Company, and made efforts to enhance the efficiency of its work and the soundness of its decision- making.
The Audit Committee diligently performed its duties, actively participated in the preparation, audit and disclosure of annual
financial reports according to the rules and regulations of the Company, ensured the independence of audit, enhanced the
audit quality, and protected the overall interests of the Company and its Shareholders.


The Audit Committee and its members have fully played their roles of audit and supervision according to the relevant laws
and regulations, diligently performed their duties and made great contributions to improving corporate governance structure
and enhancing the audit quality.


The Audit Committee prudently reviewed the financial status of the Company and examined the financial statements
prepared by the Company, and considered that the Company’s financial system is under stable operation and the financial
status is good. Besides, the Board, through the Audit Committee, also reviewed and was satisfied with the adequacy of
resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes for employees and relevant budget in relation to the
Company’s accounting and financial reporting functions.



176
Major accomplishments of the Audit Committee in 2023 included:


•      reviewing periodic financial reports


•      reviewing the summary of the internal audits and approving the annual internal audit plan


•      reviewing the major findings on the audits of the internal audit departments and external auditors, and responses of the
       management to the recommendations on such audits


•      reviewing the effectiveness of the internal control system and adequacy of accounting and financial reporting functions


•      reviewing the statutory scope of review of the external auditors


•      considering the audit fee and appointment of the external auditors


•      reviewing and monitoring the independence of the external auditors and the non-audit services provided by them


•      revising the Terms of Reference of Committee


•      conducting preliminary review on the change of the Chief Financial Officer


During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, the Audit Committee held 12 meetings, details of which are as
follows:


                                                               Important
    Date of                                                    Comments and
    Meeting           Proposals Passed                         Suggestions                   Other Duties Performed


    9 January 2023    Considered and approved:                 —                             The      independent         non-
                      the 2022 Audit Plan of the Company                                     executive Directors attended
                                                                                             the    training     and    sharing
                                                                                             activities,   and    listened   to




                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance Report
                                                                                             the    explanation    on    recent
                                                                                             regulatory policy updates by
                                                                                             PwC.




                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report      177
Corporate Governance Report



                                                        Important
Date of                                                 Comments and
Meeting         Proposals Passed                        Suggestions               Other Duties Performed


10 March 2023   Considered and approved:                Emphasize importance of   The         independent         non-
                1.	Preliminary Audit Results for       digital audit.            executive Directors inspected
                      2022 of the Company from                                    the     Company’s          operation,
                      PwC                                                         listened     to    the    report   on
                2.	2023 Audit Work Plan of the                                   the    financial     position      and
                      Company                                                     the     business         performance
                3.	2022 Audit Work Report of                                     of    the    Company       in   2022,
                      the Company                                                 and communicated with the
                                                                                  management;              independent
                                                                                  non-executive              Directors
                                                                                  attended meetings with the
                                                                                  accounting firms and listened
                                                                                  to Preliminary Audit Results
                                                                                  for 2022 of the Company from
                                                                                  PwC.
28 March 2023   Considered and approved:                —                         —
                1.    Audit Work Summary of PwC
                2.    2022 Annual Report
                3.	Audit Report on the Internal
                      Control
                4.	2022 Assessment Report on
                      the Internal Control
                5.	Performance Report of the
                      Audit     Committee    of   the
                      Board for 2022
26 April 2023   Considered and approved:                —                         —
                2023 First Quarterly Report
11 May 2023     Considered and approved:                —                         —
                Proposal on Change of Accounting
                Firms




178
                                                       Important
Date of                                                Comments and
Meeting          Proposals Passed                      Suggestions                    Other Duties Performed


14 August 2023   Considered and approved:              Suggest that stronger          The     independent        non-
                 Proposal on Considering 2023          focus on data governance.      executive Directors inspected
                 Interim Review Work of the Company                                   the Company’s operation
                                                                                      and listened to the report
                                                                                      on the financial position and
                                                                                      the business performance of
                                                                                      the Company in the first half
                                                                                      of 2023; independent non-
                                                                                      executive Directors attended
                                                                                      meetings with the accounting
                                                                                      firms and listened to the report
                                                                                      of the 2023 Interim Review
                                                                                      Work.
28 August 2023  Considered and approved:               —                              —
                1.     2023 Interim Report
                2.	2023 Interim Special Report
                       on the Depository and Actual
                       Use of the Proceeds
27 October 2023 Considered and approved:               —                              —
                1.     2023 Third Quarterly Report
                2.	   2023     Interim    Special
                       Inspection Report
15 December     Considered and approved:               In    terms      of    the     Listening to the explanation
2023            1.	   Proposal on Amending            measurement basis of           on recent regulatory policy
                       the Company’s Rules of          financial instruments, it is   updates by accounting firms.
                       Procedure of the Audit          suggested to fully consider
                       Committee of the Board          the changes in the
                2.	   Proposal on Considering         macro-economy, industry
                       Audit Report of Anti-money      environment and capital
                       Laundering Work of the          market and make full use




                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance Report
                       Company                         of information technology
                3.	   2023 Audit Plan of the          to further strengthen the
                       Company                         construction of anti-money
                                                       laundering management
                                                       system of the Company.
5 January        Considered and approved:              —                              —
2024Note         Proposal on the Change of the Chief
                 Financial Officer of the Company




                                                            CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report    179
Corporate Governance Report



                                                                      Important
 Date of                                                              Comments and
 Meeting               Proposals Passed                               Suggestions                        Other Duties Performed


 8 March 2024          Considered and approved:                                                          The     independent     non-
                       1.	   Audit Work Report of the                                                   executive Directors inspected
                              Company for 2023                                                           the Company’s operation,
                       2.	   Audit Work Plan of the                                                     listened to the report on
                              Company for 2024                                                           the financial position and
                       3.	   Proposal on Amendments                                                     the business performance
                              to the Internal Audit Work                                                 of the Company in 2023
                              Management System of the                                                   and communicated with the
                              Company                                                                    management; independent
                       4.	   Report of KPMG on the                                                      non-executive Directors met
                              Company’s Preliminary Audit                                                the accounting firms and held
                              Results for 2023                                                           thematic opinion exchange
                                                                                                         session on “Theory and
                                                                                                         practice of inclusion of data
                                                                                                         resource in table”.
 25 March 2024         Considered and approved:                       —                                  —
                       1.	A Summary of Audit Work of
                                KPMG on the Company for
                                2023
                       2.	Duty Performance Report of
                                the Audit Committee of the
                                Board for 2023
                       3.       2023 Annual Report
                       4.       Internal Control Audit Report
                       5.	2023 Assessment Report on
                                the Internal Control
                       6.	 2 0 2 3          Performance
                                Assessment Report of the
                                External     Audit     Institution
                                and the Performance Report
                                of the Audit Committee on
                                Supervising      the     External
                                Audit Institution

Note: The 2023 10th Meeting of the Audit Committee was a communication voting meeting, and the notice of the meeting was issued in December 2023




180
All members of the Audit Committee attended above meetings. They carefully reviewed the meeting documents beforehand,
making full preparation for performing their duties. During the process of considering the relevant proposals at the meetings,
all the members put forward pertinent suggestions leveraging on their own professional background and experience, and
actively guided the Company for relevant improvements.


Overview of audit work of the Company:


KPMG carried out the 2023 audit work on the Company mainly by two stages, the preliminary audit and year-end
audit. KPMG adopted the “Integrated Audit” method to complete the audit work in combination of the audit on financial
statements and the audit on internal control. At the preliminary audit stage, KPMG conducted the audit on internal control
and carried out internal control testing at the enterprise level and the business process level under the Chinese Certified
Public Accountants Auditing Standards, the Guidelines for Audit on Enterprise Internal Control and the Opinions on the
Implementation of the Guidelines for Audit on Enterprise Internal Control issued by the Chinese Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. Meanwhile, the IT auditors of KPMG also asked for information about and conducted testing on major
computer systems used by the Company. At the year-end audit stage, KPMG focused on the implementation of principal
accounting policies and the application of critical accounting judgements and accounting estimations adopted by the
Company. KPMG conducted detailed testing such as external confirmations, review and re-calculation and substantive
analysis to conduct audit on financial statements items.


In order to successfully complete the audit on the 2023 annual financial statements of the Company and procure auditors to
issue relevant reports within the agreed period, the Audit Committee of the Board of the Company authorized the Planning
and Financial Department of the Company to supervise on KPMG in relation to the planning of audit work, impairments
of goodwill, valuation of financial instruments, impairments of financing business, judgement on scope of consolidation,
audit progress, timing of initial draft and final draft of the audit report, etc. during the auditing period. The Audit Committee
convened the 2023 9th meeting of the Audit Committee of the Eighth Session of the Board of the Company on 15
December 2023 on site, at which the Audit Committee considered and unanimously approved the 2023 Audit Plan of the
Company. On 26 March 2024, KPMG issued the unqualified audit reports for the Company within the scheduled time.


In addition, the Audit Committee conducted an annual appraisal on KPMG. In the appraisal, major considerations of the
Audit Committee include requirements of the laws and regulations of the China’s Mainland and Hong Kong and relevant
professional provisions in relation to the external auditors, and the external auditors’ compliance with such laws, regulations
and provisions and their overall performance during the Reporting Period. The Audit Committee is also responsible for




                                                                                                                                    Corporate Governance Report
reviewing the independence of KPMG to ensure that the reports issued by KPMG can provide truly and objective opinions.
The Audit Committee has received a written confirmation from KPMG on their independence and objectivity prior to the
audit of the Company’s 2023 financial statements. KPMG shall not offer any other non-assurance service unless otherwise
specially approved, to ensure that their judgment and independence in the audit are not undermined. The Audit Committee
of the Board of the Company was of the opinion that KPMG conducted its independent audit on the 2023 financial
statements of the Company in a diligent, fair and objective manner, and successfully completed the annual audit work.


On 25 March 2024, the Audit Committee considered and approved the 2023 Assessment Report on the Internal Control
and the Audit Report on Internal Control of the Company, and was of the view that the internal control system of the
Company was effective and well-performed, and the sound development of the Company is effectively secured.




                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report     181
Corporate Governance Report



Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
The primary responsibilities of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board of the Company are: to establish
and implement the performance appraisal system, the remuneration policy and the reward and punishment and incentive
measures, and to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration and its structure of all the Directors and
Senior Management of the Company and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing such
remuneration policy; to establish appraisal standards for Directors and Senior Management, and review the performance
of the Directors and Senior Management of the Company, carry out annual performance appraisals over them; and review
and approve performance-based remuneration proposals with reference to the Board of Directors’ corporate goals; to
determine with delegated responsibility by the Board of Directors, the remuneration packages of all executive directors and
senior management, including benefits in kind, pension rights and compensation payments (including any compensation
payable for loss or termination of their office or appointment), and to make recommendations to the Board of Directors
on the remuneration of non-executive directors. The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee shall consider factors such
as characteristics of the financial and securities industries, salaries paid by comparable companies, time commitment and
responsibilities of the directors, individual performance, employment conditions elsewhere in the Company, and applicability
of performance-based remuneration. In the remuneration structure of an executive director, a major part of his or her
remuneration shall depend on his or her personal performance and the performance of the Company; and to supervise the
implementation of the remuneration system of the Company.


Major accomplishments of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee in 2023 included:


•     reviewing the performance of the Directors and Senior Management of the Company, and carrying out annual
      performance appraisals over them


•     reviewing the remuneration level of the Directors and Senior Management and making recommendations to the Board
      in this regard


•     supervising the implementation of the remuneration system of the Company


•     revising the Terms of Reference of Committee




182
During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee held four meetings, details of which are as follows:


                                                                                                    Important opinions and
 Date of Meeting         Proposals Passed                                                           Recommendations


 30 March 2023           Considered and approved:                                                   It   is     emphasized    to
                         1.	Proposal on Considering the Report of the Duty Performance of design a scientific and
                                 the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board of the r e a s o n a b l e      deferral
                                 Company in 2022                                                    period      and   proportion
                         2.	Proposal on the Distributed Total Remuneration of Senior of the risk cycle of the
                                 Management of the Company for 2022                                 business, so as to further
                         3.	Proposal on Annual Assessment on the Chief Compliance improve                         compensation
                                 Officer of the Company                                             management mechanisms
                         4.	Proposal on the Distributed Total Remuneration of the Directors such             as   compensation
                                 of the Company for 2022                                            deferral.
 29 May 2023             Considered and approved:                                                   —
                         Proposal on Amendment of the Terms of Reference of the
                         Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board of Directors of the
                         Company
 19 December 2023        Considered and approved:                                                   —
                         Proposal on Amendment of the Terms of Reference of the
                         Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board of Directors of the
                         Company
 27 December 2023        Considered and approved:                                                   —
                         1.	Proposal on Amendment of the Performance Appraisal and
                                 Remuneration Management Measures for Executive Officers of
                                 the Company
                         2.	Proposal on Considering the Achievement of Performance
                                 Targets in 2022 and the Implementation Plan of Annual
                                 Performance-based     Remuneration     Policy   for   Leadership
                                 Personnel of the Company




                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance Report
All members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee attended the above meetings.


During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee supervised the implementation of the remuneration
system of the Company, and was of the opinion that the Company strictly implemented the remuneration system
established by the Board of the Company, and that the information about the remuneration of the Directors, Supervisors
and Senior Management disclosed in the 2023 annual report of the Company was true, accurate and complete, and in
compliance with the relevant requirements of the CSRC and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report        183
Corporate Governance Report



Nomination Committee
The primary responsibilities of the Nomination Committee of the Board of the Company are: to review the structure,
number and composition of the Board (including skills, knowledge, experience and diversity of the Board members) at
least once a year, and make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board, if necessary, to match up with the
strategies of the Company; to study the selection criteria and procedures of the Directors and Senior Management and
make recommendations to the Board; to conduct extensive searches for qualified candidates for the Directors and Senior
Management, select and nominate relevant candidates of Directors or make recommendations to the Board in this regard;
to review the qualification of the relevant nominees and form the specific recommendations for review and so on.


In order to achieve Board diversity, the Terms of Reference of the Nomination Committee of the Board of the Company
clearly states that the Nomination Committee should select the Director candidates based on objective standards, and
relevant standards include but are not limited to:


•     considering a combination of factors, such as gender, age, cultural and educational background, as well as
      professional experience of the Director candidates


•     considering the Company’s business features and future development needs, etc.


The Nomination Committee selects Director candidates and periodically reviews the measurable objectives of selecting
Director candidates, including but not limited to, gender, age, culture background, education background, professional
experience, years of service, etc., based on the abovementioned diversity principles. After taking into comprehensive
consideration the Company’s business and development needs, the Nomination Committee believes that the current
session of the Board fully reflects a diversified composition in terms of skills, experience, knowledge and independence. As
at the date of this report, the Company consists of nine Directors, the composition of the Board from the view of diversity
is summarized as follows: (1) education background: four of them hold Doctor’s degree and four hold Master’s degree;
(2) age: one of them is at or beyond the age of 60 and the other eight are below the age of 60; (3) role: two of them are
executive Directors, four of them are non-executive Directors and the other three are independent non-executive Directors.


The Company provides the Nomination Committee with sufficient resources to perform its duties. The Nomination
Committee may, if necessary, seek independent professional advice when performing its duties at the Company’s expense.


Major accomplishments of the Nomination Committee in 2023 included:


•     conducting preliminary review on the change of senior management of the Company


•     revising the Rules of Procedures of the Committee




184
During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee held four meetings, details of which are as follows:


 Date of Meeting               Proposals Passed


 17 February 2023              Considered and approved:
                               Proposal on Change of Chief Risk Officer of the Company
 29 May 2023                   Considered and approved:
                               Proposal on Amendments to the Terms of Reference of the Nomination Committee of the
                               Board of Directors of the Company
 19 December 2023              Considered and approved:
                               Proposal on Amendments to the Terms of Reference of the Nomination Committee of the
                               Board of Directors of the Company
 5 January 2024    Note
                               Considered and approved:
                               1.      Proposal on Change of Chief Financial Officer of the Company
                               2.      Proposal on Change of Chief Risk Officer of the Company

Note: The 4th Meeting of the Nomination Committee for 2023 was a communication voting meeting, and the notice of the meeting was issued in
      December 2023


All members of the Nomination Committee attended the above meetings.


Pursuant to the Articles of Association of the Company, Director candidates shall be nominated by the Board or the
Shareholders who individually or jointly hold more than 3% of the total voting shares in the Company. The methods
and procedures for nomination of independent non-executive Directors shall be implemented in accordance with laws,
regulations, regulatory requirements and the relevant independent non-executive director system. The list of the Director and
the Supervisor candidates shall be submitted to the general meeting for approval by way of resolution.


Before the list of the Director candidates is presented to the Board, the Nomination Committee must conduct a review and
make recommendations to the Board and the Shareholders. The Nomination Committee will review the biography of each of
the candidates, conduct due diligence and evaluate the candidates’ skills, knowledge, experience and diversification, etc.


During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee extensively searched for qualified senior management candidates,
conducted review over the candidates and provided opinions to the Board of Directors for decision. The Nomination




                                                                                                                                             Corporate Governance Report
Committee selects and recommends senior management candidates based on the following criteria:


Familiar with domestic and overseas securities business, with many years of experience in securities and finance; have a
deep understanding and unique insight into each of the Company’s main businesses, and have achieved excellent results
in a certain main business; have strong strategic analysis ability, leadership, executive force and business coordination
ability; have an international vision; comply with the relevant provisions of the CSRC’s Measures for the Supervision and
Administration of Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management Members and Practitioners of Securities Fund Operating
Institutions; have the time and energy necessary for performing duties; comply with other conditions stipulated by laws,
administrative regulations and the Articles of Association of the Company.




                                                                         CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report         185
Corporate Governance Report



Risk Management Committee
The primary responsibilities of the Risk Management Committee of the Board of the Company are: to review and advise
on the basic system of the overall risk management subject to the consideration and approval by the Board of Directors;
to review and advise on risk preference, risk tolerance and significant risk limits of the Company subject to consideration
and approval by the Board of Directors; to review and advise on the general objectives of compliance management and
fundamental policies, etc.


Major accomplishments of the Risk Management Committee in 2023 included:


•      reviewing various reports in relation to risk control, compliance management and internal control and governance


During the Reporting Period, the Risk Management Committee held four meetings, details of which are as follows:


    Date of Meeting          Proposals Passed


    28 March 2023            Considered and approved:
                             1.     Audit Report on the Internal Control
                             2.     2022 Assessment Report on the Internal Control
                             3.     2022 Compliance Report
                             4.     2022 Evaluation Report on the Compliance Management Effectiveness
                             5.     2022 Anti-money Laundering Work Report
                             6.	
                                Work       Report     on   the   Self-assessment   of   Money   Laundering   and   Terrorist
                                    Financing Risks
                             7.     2022 Integrity Practices Management Report
                             8.     2022 Comprehensive Risk Management Report
                             9.     2022 Risk Appetite Management Report
                             10.    2023 Risk Preference Statement
                             11.    Special Report on Information Technology Management for 2022
    28 August 2023           Considered and approved:
                             1.     2023 Interim Compliance Report
                             2.     2023 Interim Comprehensive Risk Management Report
                             3.     2023 Interim Risk Appetite Management Report
                             4.     Proposal on Amendment to 2023 Risk Preference Statement
    27 October 2023          Considered and approved:
                             1.	Proposal on Improving Basic Management System of Integrity Practices of the
                                    Company
                             2.	Proposal on Improving Basic Management System of Anti-money Laundering of the
                                    Company
    19 December 2023         Considered and approved:
                             1.	Proposal on Amendments to the Terms of Reference of the Risk Management
                                    Committee of the Board of the Company
                             2.	Proposal on Considering Audit Report of Anti-money Laundering Work of the Company

All members of Risk Management Committee attended the above meetings.



186
Related Party Transactions Control Committee
The primary responsibilities of the Related Party Transactions Control Committee of the Board of the Company are: to
establish and amend the related party transactions management system of the Company and monitor its implementation;
to identify the list of related parties of the Company and report it timely to the Board and the Supervisory Committee; to
define the types of the related party/connected transactions and determine their approval procedures, standards and other
matters; to define the types of the related party transactions and determine their approval procedures, standards and other
matters; to review contemplated major related party transactions of the Company with any related parties, form a written
opinion to the Board for review and report the same to the Supervisory Committee; to review the information disclosure of
any related party transaction; and other responsibilities conferred by the Board.


During the Reporting Period, the Related Party Transactions Control Committee held six meetings, details of which are as
follows:


 Date of Meeting              Proposals Passed


 23 February 2023             Considered and Passed:
                              1.      Proposal on Considering New Related Party Transactions of the Company in 2022
                              2.      Resolution on Estimation of Related Party/Continuing Connected Transactions
                              Contemplated in the Ordinary Course of Business of the Company in 2023
 12 June 2023                 Considered and Passed:
                              Proposal on Changing the External Investment Amount of Subsidiaries
 20 July 2023                 Considered and Passed:
                              Proposal on the External Investment through a Subsidiary
 28 August 2023               Considered and Passed:
                              1.	Proposal on Considering the Implementation of Related Party/Continuing Connected
                                      Transactions in the Ordinary Course of Business of the Company in the First Half
                                      of 2023
                              2.	Proposal on Special Audit Report on Material Related Party Transactions of
                                      the Company
 7 September 2023             Considered and Passed:
                              Proposal on the External Investment through a Subsidiary
 19 December 2023             Considered and Passed:




                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance Report
                              Proposal on Amendment to the Rules of Procedures of the Related Party Transactions Control
                              Committee of the Board of the Company

All members of the Related Party Transactions Control Committee attended the above meetings.




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   187
Corporate Governance Report



Performance of Duties by Independent Non-executive Directors
Work in relation to periodic reports
Preparation and review of 2022 Annual Report
On 9 January 2023, the 2023 1st meeting of the Audit Committee of the Eighth Session of the Board considered and
approved the 2022 Audit Plan of the Company.


On 10 March 2023, the independent non-executive Directors inspected the Company’s operation, listened to the report
on the financial position and the business performance of the Company in 2022, and communicated with the operation
management; independent non-executive Directors attended meetings with the accounting firms and listened to the
Preliminary Audit Results for 2022 of the Company from PwC. As members of the Audit Committee, all the independent
non-executive Directors of the Company considered and approved the Preliminary Audit Results for 2022 of the Company
from PwC, the 2022 Audit Work Report of the Company, and the 2023 Audit Work Plan of the Company.


On 28 March 2023, as members of the Audit Committee, all the independent non-executive Directors of the Company
considered and approved the Audit Work Summary of PwC, the Performance Report of the Audit Committee of the Board
for 2022, the 2022 Annual Report, the 2022 Assessment Report on the Internal Control, and the Audit Report on the
Internal Control.


Preparation and review of 2023 Annual Report
On 15 December 2023, the 2023 9th meeting of the Audit Committee of the Eighth Session of the Board considered and
approved the 2023 Audit Plan of the Company.


On 8 March 2024, the independent non-executive Directors of the Company inspected the Company’s operation, listened
to the report on the financial position and operating results for 2023 of the Company, and communicated with the operation
management; independent non-executive Directors attended meetings with the accounting firms and listened to the
Preliminary Audit Results for 2023 of the Company from KPMG. As members of the Audit Committee, all the independent
non-executive Directors of the Company considered and approved the Preliminary Audit Results for 2023 of the Company
from KPMG, the 2023 Audit Work Report of the Company, the 2024 Audit Work Plan of the Company, the Proposal on
Amendments to the Internal Audit Work Management System of the Company.


On 25 March 2024, as members of the Audit Committee, all the independent non-executive Directors of the Company
considered and approved the Audit Work Summary for 2023 of the Company from KPMG, the Performance Report of the
Audit Committee of the Board for 2023, the 2023 Annual Report, the 2023 Assessment Report on the Internal Control,
the Internal Control Audit Report, the Performance Assessment Report of the External Audit Institution for 2023 and the
Performance Report of the Audit Committee for Supervising the External Audit Institution.




188
Review of related party/connected transactions
On 23 February, 12 June, 20 July, 28 August and 7 September 2023, respectively, the independent non-executive Directors
of the Company, all being members of the Related Party Transactions Control Committee, considered and approved the
Proposal on Considering New Related Party Transactions of the Company in 2022, the Resolution on Estimation of Related
Party/Continuing Connected Transactions in the Ordinary Course of Business of the Company in 2023, the Proposal on
Changing the External Investment Amount of Subsidiaries, the Proposal on the External Investment through a Subsidiary, the
Proposal on Considering the Implementation of Related Party/Continuing Connected Transactions in the Ordinary Course
of Business of the Company in the First Half of 2023, the Special Audit Report on Major Related Party Transactions of the
Company and the Proposal on the External Investment through a Subsidiary.


On 30 March, 12 June, 14 June, 20 July, 21 July, 7 September and 8 September 2023, respectively, the independent non-
executive Directors of the Company gave their Prior Approval Opinions and Independent Opinions about the Company’s
annual daily related party/continuing connected transactions and forecast, external investment through subsidiaries and
other related party/connected transactions.

Other performance of duties
The independent non-executive Directors of the Company regularly listen to the annual, semi-annual and quarterly reports
on the finance and operation of the Company, and fully communicate with the management of the Company; join the
Company’s performance conference and explanation meeting in each period; conduct thematic exchange with accounting
firms on “IT internal control priorities and IT audit focus of securities companies”; understand the international business
development of the Company, communicate the development plan of financial technology and discuss the application of
big data in the Company’s business development; participate in the thematic exchange activities such as the international
development strategies of the Company; and go to the branch office to investigate and understand its operation.


On 20 February, 30 March, 11 May, 12 May, 29 August 2023, respectively, the independent non-executive Directors
of the Company issued the Prior Approval, Special Explanations and Independent Opinions on matters in respect of
the appointment of Chief Risk Officer, the management of fund raising, the guarantee situation, profit distribution, the
assessment report of internal control, total annual remuneration for directors and senior management, and the change of
accounting firms, etc.

Establishment and improvement of working system in relation to the independent non-executive
Directors and performance of independent non-executive Directors




                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance Report
In order to improve the corporate governance structure, promote the regulated operations, safeguard the overall interests
of the Company and protect the lawful rights and interests of all Shareholders, particularly the minority Shareholders, the
Working System for Independent Directors of the Company was formulated in July 2008 by the 28th Meeting of the Third
Session of the Board and considered and amended in December 2022 and 2023 by the 48th Meeting of the Seventh
Session of the Board and the 14th Meeting of the Eighth Session of Board of the Company, respectively. The contents of
the system include: qualifications of independent Directors; nomination, election and replacement of independent Directors;
performance of independent Directors; independent opinions of independent Directors; necessary conditions being provided
for independent Directors; and working system regarding the annual report.




                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   189
Corporate Governance Report



During their term of office, all independent non-executive Directors complied with relevant requirements of the laws,
regulations and the Articles of Association of the Company, and had devoted sufficient time and energy to performing
their duties. When making an independent judgment, the independent non-executive Directors were not affected by the
substantial Shareholders of the Company or any other entity or individual having an interest in the Company; and they
endeavored to protect the interests of the Company and minority Shareholders.


The independent non-executive Directors actively participated in all the meetings of the Board. Among the members of
the Audit Committee, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Risk Management
Committee and the Related Party Transactions Control Committee of the Board, the Company has appointed the requisite
number of independent non-executive Directors as required by their respective rules. Among, each of the chairman of
the Audit Committee, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Related Party
Transactions Control Committee is assumed by an independent non-executive Director. All the chairmen of the committees
convened the meetings according to the relevant rules of procedure.


Supervisors and the Supervisory Committee
The Supervisory Committee is the supervisory body of the Company and is accountable to the general meeting. According
to the Company Law and the Articles of Association of the Company, the Supervisory Committee is responsible for
overseeing the financial activities and internal control of the Company, and the legality and compliance of the Board, the
Operation Management and its members in the performance of their duties.


In 2023, the Supervisory Committee of the Company strictly complied with the Company Law, the Articles of Association of
the Company and other relevant requirements, lawfully and diligently performed its duties, observed the relevant procedures,
attended all on-site meetings of the Board and general meetings, made reports to the general meeting and submitted
its working reports and relevant proposals. Based on the spirit of being accountable to all Shareholders, the Supervisory
Committee effectively supervised the legality and compliance of the Company’s finance and the performance of duties by
the Board and the Operation Management of the Company.




190
Meetings of the Supervisory Committee and attendance of Supervisors during the Reporting Period
In 2023, the Supervisory Committee of the Company convened four meetings in total. Details of which are as follows:


 Session                   Date of Meeting Proposals Passed


 The 2nd Meeting of        30 March 2023      Considered and approved:
   the Eighth Session                         1.     2022 Annual Report
   of the Supervisory                         2.     Proposal on 2022 Profit Distribution Plan
   Committee                                  3.     2022 Work Report of the Supervisory Committee
                                              4.	Proposal on the Distributed Total Remuneration of the Supervisors
                                                     of the Company for 2022
                                              5.     2022 Social Responsibility Report
                                              6.	2022 Special Report on the Depository and Actual Use of the
                                                     Proceeds
                                              and considered:
                                              1.     2022 Report on the Assets After the Write-off of Bad Debts
                                              2.     2022 Audit Work Report
                                              3.     2022 Assessment Report on Internal Control
                                              4.     2022 Compliance Report
                                              5.     2022 Integrity Practice Management Report
                                              6.     2022 Comprehensive Risk Management Report
 The 3rd Meeting of        27 April 2023      Considered and approved:
   the Eighth Session                         2023 First Quarterly Report
   of the Supervisory
   Committee
 The 4th Meeting of        29 August 2023     Considered and approved:
   the Eighth Session                         1.     2023 Interim Report
   of the Supervisory                         2.	2023 Interim Special Report on the Depository and Actual Use of
   Committee                                         the Proceeds
                                              and considered:
                                              1.     2023 Interim Compliance Report
                                              2.     2023 Interim Comprehensive Risk Management Report




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance Report
                                              3.     2023 Interim Risk Appetite Management Report
                                              4.	Special Audit Report on Major Related Party Transactions of
                                                     the Company
 The 5th Meeting of        30 October 2023    Considered and approved:
   the Eighth Session                         2023 Third Quarterly Report
   of the Supervisory
   Committee




                                                                CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   191
Corporate Governance Report



During the Reporting Period, the attendances of Supervisors at the meetings of the Supervisory Committee:


                                                                                                                                              Attendance
                                                                                                                                               in general
                                                                              Attendance in meetings of the Supervisory Committee              meetings
                                                                Required
                                                              attendance
                                                              at meetings
                                                                   of the
                                                              Supervisory
                                                              Committee                       Attendance
 Name of the                                                  held during   Attendance in        by tele-   Attendance by                         Actual
 Supervisor            Position                                  the year         person communication              proxy           Absence   attendance


 ZHANG Changyi         Supervisor, Chairman of the                     4               4              —                —                 —             2
                           Supervisory Committee
 GUO Zhao              Supervisor                                      4               4              —                —                 —             2
 RAO Geping            Supervisor                                      4               4              —                —                 —             2
 NIU Xuekun            Employee Representative                         4               4              —                —                 —             2
                           Supervisor
 YANG Liqiang          Employee Representative                         4               4              —                —                 —             2
                          Supervisor
 Meetings of the Supervisory Committee held during the year                                                             4
 Of which: number of meetings held on-site                                                                              4

Participating in the audit project of the Company and conducting on-site inspections
To ensure the Supervisors to perform their supervision duties, the Supervisory Committee continued to strengthen its supervision
and inspection of the Company’s day-to-day operations. In March, July and December 2023, the Supervisors of the Company
participated in the on-site activities on performance of duties, listened to the research reports of the senior executives and
business departments of the Company with regard to the macroeconomy and capital market, the report of the KPMG on the
2023 Interim Review Work and other reports, respectively, and engaged in the on-site opinion exchange sessions on business
departments and branches held by the audit department of the Company.


Appointment of Auditors
For information in relation to the appointment of auditors and the audit fee, please refer to “Appointment or Termination of
Service of Accounting Firms” of this report.


The Directors are responsible for the preparation of the accounts and the auditors are responsible for the issuance of audit
opinions on the financial statements based on their audit work.

Non-audit Work
During the Reporting Period, the Company engaged KPMG to provide non-audit services to the Company, including tax
assurance, ESG report assurance and consultancy services with a total non-audit service fee of RMB2,743,200.




192
Responsibilities of Directors for the Financial Statements
The following responsibility statement of Directors regarding the financial statements shall be read in conjunction with the
responsibility statement of the certified public accountants included in the audit report. Each responsibility statement shall
be understood separately.


All Directors of the Company confirm that they have the responsibilities to compile the financial statements which can truly
reflect the operating results of the Company in each financial year. To the best knowledge of all Directors, there are no
events or situations which may cause a material adverse impact on the ongoing operations of the Company.


Company Secretary
During the Reporting Period, in order to better perform duties and in accordance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules and other
relevant requirements, Ms. YANG Youyan had received over 40 hours of professional training, including: participated in “the
continuous professional training for board secretaries of listed companies (A+H Share Session) organized by the Shanghai
Stock Exchange and Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute; the Series Training for Securities Institution Practitioners held
by the Securities Association of China; participated in compliance training including securities investment behavior compliance
management, anti-money laundering. Ms. YU Hiu Kwan, Hilda had received 15 hours of professional training, including the
following areas: suspension and resumption practical considerations and case studies, corporate crisis management, notifiable
transactions-practices and applications, interpretation of Board of Directors of listed companies in Hong Kong.

Investor Relations
Work conducted relating to investor relations during the Reporting Period
As the first securities company listed on A+H Share in China, the Company is committed to building an open, transparent
and interactive investor relations management system, and ensuring full, timely and transparent communication with global
investors, analysts and media by building a professional investor relations management team and an efficient investor
communication platform. The Company pays high attention to the protection of the lawful interests of shareholders
and investors, especially those of minority shareholders and investors. Through the shareholder hotline, e-mail, SSE
“e-interaction” and other network platforms, the Company takes the General Meetings, investor briefings, road shows,
analyst meetings, visitor receptions, discussions, and other methods to listen to the investors’ opinions and suggestions in
all aspects and respond to investors’ demands in a timely manner.


In 2023, the Company continues to optimize the performance of investor relations work by organizing high-quality investor
relations activities and expanding investor communication channels, among others. On 19 September 2023, the Company
held an activity of “Together with CITICS, Faith to the Future” of the 20th anniversary of A-share listing and the investors’




                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance Report
open day for 2023. More than 100 institutional investors, analysts, customer representatives and media reporters attended
the event and interacted with the Company’s management. The event provided investors with a high-quality platform
for direct communication with the Company’s management, and showed the capital market and the public the business
development of the Company since its 20th anniversary of listing.


At the same time, the Company took the results conferences as an important channel to communicate with investors in
the form of “live streaming video + online roadshow + telephone communication”. In 2023, the Company held three results
conferences, served the communication needs of approximate 160,000 investors and the Company was once again awarded
the “Best Practice of 2022 Annual Results Announcement of Public Companies” by China Association for Public Companies.


In addition, the Company participated in roadshow “Central Enterprises’ ESG” of the listed companies on Shanghai Stock
Exchange, the online collective reception day for investors in Shenzhen area and other investor relations activities, and
exchanged opinion with investors and analysts in the terms of business development of the Company and hot market issues
in time to enhance the frequency and effect of communication with investors.
                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report    193
Corporate Governance Report



Risk Management and Internal Control
Statement of the Board regarding the responsibility of risk management and internal control
In accordance with the requirements of the corporate internal control standard system, it is the responsibility of the Board of
the Company to establish, improve and effectively implement internal control, assess its effectiveness and truthfully disclose
the assessment report on internal control. The Supervisory Committee oversees the establishment and implementation
of internal control by the Board. The manager level is responsible for organizing and steering the day-to-day operation of
corporate internal control.


The goal of the Company’s internal control is to provide reasonable assurance for the legal compliance of the operation and
management, safety of the assets, truthfulness and completeness of the financial reports and relevant information, improve
operational efficiency and effectiveness so as to facilitate the realization of development strategies. Due to its inherent
limitations, internal control can only provide reasonable assurance for the achievement of the above objectives. Moreover,
as changes in circumstances may render the internal control to be inappropriate, or reduce the degree of compliance
with policies and procedures of the internal control, predicting the effectiveness of future internal control based on the
assessment results of internal control may involve certain risks.


The Audit Committee of the Board assists the Board in independently reviewing the Company’s financial condition and
the implementation and effects of the internal control system, and reviewing and supervising the results of the Company’s
internal audit work. There were no significant internal control issues found during the relevant review. The Board was of the
view that the existing risk management and internal control systems were effective and sufficient in 2023 and as at the date
of this report.


Risk management system and procedures for identifying, assessing, and managing significant risks
For details of the Company’s risk management system and the Company’s procedures for identifying, assessing and
managing significant risks, please refer to the section “Risk Management” of this report.


Procedures for resolving severe defects in internal control
The Company conducts a self-evaluation of the risk management systems during its annual internal control assessment.
If any defect is found, the Company will formulate a rectification plan to diminish the defect. Risk events and potential
defects that arise in the day-to-day risk management work are effectively managed according to the procedures of risk
management systems. Under its comprehensive risk management system, the Company regularly updates and revises
risk management systems and processes so as to adapt to the changing risk exposures and management requirements.
The Audit Department of the Company inspects the internal controls of each business and issues audit reports, offers
advice for rectification and provides management proposals on issues found during the audit. The Compliance Department
of the Company formulates defect rectification plans in accordance with laws and regulations as well as the regulatory
requirements, and is also responsible for the specific implementation of defect rectification work.


Basis of establishment of internal control over financial reporting
According to the criteria for determining major defects, important defects and general defects as defined by the corporate
internal control standard system and in light of the factors including the Company’s scale, industry-specific features, risk
appetite and risk tolerance, the Board of the Company distinguished internal control over financial reporting and internal
control over non-financial reporting and studied and defined the criteria suitable for the specific determination of internal
control defects of the Company and kept it consistent with the criteria of the previous years.




194
An internal control defect should be recognized as a major defect if it is reasonably possible that such defect, alone or in
combination with other defects, may lead to the failure to prevent or detect and correct the material misstatement in the
financial report in time. An internal control defect is recognized as an important defect if it is reasonably possible that such
defect, alone or in combination with other defects, may lead to the failure to prevent or detect and correct the misstatement
in the financial report that has not reached the level of major defects but has come to the attention of the Board and the
management. Internal control defects that do not constitute major defects or important defects are recognized as general
defects.


According to the determination of major defects in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting, there were no
major defects in the Company’s internal control over financial reporting as at the benchmark date of the internal control
evaluation report. The Company has maintained effective internal control over financial reporting in all material aspects in
accordance with the requirements of the corporate internal control standard system and relevant regulations.


Overall view on establishment of the internal control system
The Company has attached great importance to the development of its internal rules and regulations and its management
systems since the Company was established. The Company has continued to improve its internal control according to
the latest regulatory requirements and made consistent efforts to improve internal control in every aspect of its business
development.


With the authorization of the Board of the Company, the Compliance Department of the Company has led the establishment
of the internal control evaluation working group of the Company to independently conduct the internal control evaluation
working. After years of accumulating experience, the Company has established a relatively stable system of personnel
allocation and responsibilities and cultivated its internal control evaluation working procedures and mechanism which are in
line with the actual situations of the Company, thereby enabling the assessment results to reflect a real and accurate picture
of the Company’s internal control.


As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has established an internal control system in line with its business
nature, scale and degree of complexity, as well as achieved remarkable results in ensuring the compliance of the Company’s
operations and management, safety of the assets, truthfulness and integrity of the financial reports and relevant information,
and the improvement of business efficiency and effectiveness.


The Company has established, improved and implemented a set of systems, including the information segregation wall,




                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance Report
the registration system of persons informed of undisclosed information, and the registration system for persons informed of
insider information, according to the regulatory requirements. It effectively prevented the improper use and dissemination of
sensitive information. Meanwhile, the Company disclosed the relevant information in a true, accurate, complete and timely
manner strictly in compliance with the laws, regulations and the Articles of Association, and ensured that all investors have
equal opportunities of promptly accessing the Company’s information.


Management and control over subsidiaries during the Reporting Period
The Company formulated the Measures for the Management over Subsidiaries, Associated Companies and Joint Ventures
of CITIC Securities Company Limited and the Measures for the Management of Designated Directors or Supervisors of
CITIC Securities Company Limited, to strengthen the management over subsidiaries and standardize their operation and
management, effectively control risks and safeguard the interests of the Company. The Company fully performed the duties




                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report    195
Corporate Governance Report



as shareholders and designated directors and supervisors to get involved in the significant business decisions of subsidiaries
via participating in the corporate governance of subsidiaries according to laws, thereby implementing unified management
requirements of the Company for corporate governance. Subject to compliance with regulatory requirements, the Company
managed its controlled subsidiaries through management in terms of human resources, finance, assets and liabilities, legal
affairs, risks, compliance, auditing and other aspects.


Related information on the internal control auditing report
KPMG Huazhen engaged by the Company has given an audit opinion on the effectiveness of the internal control over the
financial reporting of the Company and issued the Internal Control Auditing Report of CITIC Securities Company Limited
(《中信証券股份有限公司內部控制審計報告》), which is of the opinion that the Company has maintained effective internal
control over financial reporting in all material aspects as at 31 December 2023 in accordance with the Fundamental Norms
on Enterprise Internal Control and relevant regulations. The Company disclosed the Internal Control Evaluation Report for
the Year 2023 (《2023年度內部控制評價報告》) and the Internal Control Auditing Report (《內部控制審計報告》) of the
Company when disclosing the 2023 annual results announcement, and there was no disagreement.


Whether to disclose the internal control auditing report: Yes
Type of opinion on the Audit Report of Internal Control: Standard unqualified opinion


Implementation of the Company’s accountability system for material errors in information disclosure
in the annual report
In order to further improve the Company’s internal control system and reinforce the financial accountability system, the
Board of the Company developed the Accountability System for Material Errors in Information Disclosure in the Annual
Report, and this system became effective on 29 March 2010.


During the Reporting Period, the system had been implemented satisfactorily, and there had been no material accounting
error, material omission of information which needed to be supplemented, or correction on the preliminary announcement on
the Company’s results.


Other matters of report
Establishment of the compliance management system
The Company attaches great significance to compliance management. Positioning around the objective of
“Comprehensively Improving Compliance Management Capabilities, Providing Timely and Effective Compliance Support
for the Company’s Business Development to Realize Sustainable and Standardized Development of the Company”, the
Company continues to improve the compliance management system, enhance the compliance risk management and control
capabilities and promote the construction of the compliance culture through systems, processes, training, consultation,
inspection, monitoring and other means.


The Company constantly establishes and improves a comprehensive and multi-level organizational system for compliance
management. The compliance management of the Company is led by the Board, supervised by the Supervisory Committee
and implemented by the Chief Compliance Officer and Compliance Department. The Operation Management, head of each
department and branches and the Compliance Specialist shall perform their duties of compliance management within their
own scope of authorities, respectively.




196
Internal audit
During the Reporting Period, the Audit Department of the Company completed routine audits, resignation audits, special
audits and compulsory resignation audits on general managers of securities outlets for a total of 177 projects among
9 departments/business lines at the headquarter, 114 securities outlets and 16 subsidiaries of the Company. Details of
which are as follows:


The 34 audit projects for the headquarter of the Company include: routine audits on New OTC Market business of the
Investment Banking Management Committee; special audits on anti-money laundering of the Company, credit business,
material related party transactions, transactions with overseas subsidiaries and public securities investment fund sales
business and the Company’s write-off of bad debts and the rectification of the audit findings; resignation audit on former
Senior Management of the Company; and resignation review on investment managers in the equity investment department,
equity derivatives business line, alternative investment business line and the asset management business.


The 122 audit projects for the securities outlets include: compulsory resignation audit projects on general managers of
71 securities outlets and resignation audit projects on general managers of 51 securities outlets.


The 21 audit projects for subsidiaries include: routine audits including CITIC Buyout Fund Management Company Limited
(中信併購基金管理有限公司), Qingdao GoldStone Runhui Investment Management Company Limited (青島金石潤匯投資管
理有限公司), and special audits including anti-money laundering of the Kington Securities Limited Liability Company.


Through the audits mentioned above, the Audit Department of the Company evaluated the soundness and effectiveness of
internal control in the audited units, revealed the existing major risks and promoted the progress in increasing the awareness
towards risk prevention among departments/business lines, securities outlets and subsidiaries and in improving the risk
management of the Company.


The Status of the Establishment of Monitoring and Replenishment Mechanism of the Risk Control Indicators of the
Company
The Company continues to attach great importance to the supervision indicators. It has established a dynamic monitoring
system of risk control indicators in accordance with the requirements under the Measures for the Administration of the Risk
Control Indicators of Securities Companies, achieving T+1 dynamic monitoring and automatic early warning of risk control
indicators, and setting up the trans-departmental communication & coordination mechanism to ensure the risk control
indicators kept staying within the supervision limit consistently. Meanwhile, by continuously calculating and analyzing risk




                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance Report
control indicators for a period of time in the future, the Company is able to identify risks and make warning in advance, so as
to reasonably arrange the financing activities and usage of funds.


In 2023, the Company’s main risk control indicators remained good, keeping within the supervision limit.


The Company has established the net capital replenishment mechanism to ensure continued compliance of risk control
indicators, such as the net capital, in accordance with the requirements of the securities regulatory authorities. As at the end
of the Reporting Period, the net capital of the Company was RMB139.6 billion and all types of risk control indicators were in
compliance with the relevant regulatory requirements.




                                                                     CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   197
Corporate Governance Report



Account regulation of the Company
In 2023, the Company continued to strengthen its day-to-day regulation over accounts, implement the real-name system
management requirement in CSDC accounts, organize on-site inspections on the branches’ businesses of real-name
based accounts, and continue to follow the supplemental record of information for the integrated securities account, and
report on the interest holders’ data and products’ net value, inspect the CSDC securities accounts, regulate categories of
occupations, etc. The Company provided special trainings for each branch of the Company, and also improved the process
control of accounts opening through technical means, in order to eliminate the occurrence of opening non-compliance
accounts.


As of 31 December 2023, the Company’s wealth management business had 25,186,361 securities accounts, of which
23,713,141 were normal securities accounts, representing 94.15% of the total; 1,422,016 were dormancy securities
accounts, representing 5.65% of the total; 49,364 securities accounts were frozen, representing 0.20% of the total; 1,840
were unqualified securities accounts, representing 0.01% of the total and there was no risk disposal securities account.


As of 31 December 2023, the Company’s wealth management business had 14,750,671 capital accounts, of which
11,459,370 were normal capital accounts, representing 77.69% of the total; 3,276,691 were internal dormancy capital
accounts, representing 22.21% of the total; 10,582 were unqualified capital accounts, representing 0.07% of the total;
4,028 securities accounts were frozen, representing 0.03% of the total and there was no risk disposal capital account. The
above account regulation condition is also disclosed in the 2023 Assessment Report on Internal Control of the Company.


Self-assessment on the Implementation of the Management Measures on Information Disclosure by the Board
During the Reporting Period, the Company managed to disclose information in a manner that is true, accurate and complete
in strict compliance with the laws, regulations, the Articles of Association of the Company and the Management Measures
on Information Disclosure, so as to ensure the timely and fair information disclosure.


In 2023, the Management Measures on Information Disclosure, the Registration System for Persons Informed of Inside
Information, and other relevant policies were effectively implemented. The Company further regulated information disclosure
and improved the management and quality of information disclosure of the Company. At the same time, the Management
Measures on Information Disclosure and other internal systems of the Company clearly specify the reporting, delivery,
reviewing and disclosing procedures for material events of the Company. All these systems were effectively implemented.


There are no overdue debts for the Company




198
Independent Auditor’s Report and
Notes to Financial Statements
CONTENTS

                                                  Pages


INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT                       201
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss          210
 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income    211
 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position      213
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity       215
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows              217


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS     219




200
Independent Auditor’s Report


To the Shareholders of CITIC Securities Company Limited
(Incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability)


Opinion
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of CITIC Securities Company Limited (the “Company”) and its
subsidiaries (collectively, the “Group”), which comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December
2023, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated
statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended and notes, comprising
material accounting policy information and other explanatory information.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at 31 December 2023 and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) issued by the International Accounting
Standards Board (“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the
Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our responsibilities under those
standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Ethics Standards Board for
Accountants’ International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards)
(“IESBA Code”) together with any ethical requirements that are relevant to our audit of the consolidated financial statements
in the People’s Republic of China, and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with these
requirements and IESBA Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide
a basis for our opinion.


Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion
on these matters.




                                                                     CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   201
Independent Auditor’s Report



 The Key Audit Matter                                               How the matter was addressed in our audit


 Goodwill impairment assessment relating to China
 Asset Management Co., Ltd. (“China AMC”)

 Refer to note 3(20), 4(1) and 21 to the consolidated financial     Our audit procedures to assess goodwill impairment
 statements.                                                        relating to China AMC included the following:

 As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s accumulated                    •   understanding and evaluating the effectiveness
 impairment of goodwill was RMB3,496 million and the                    of the design, implementation and operating
 carrying amount of goodwill was RMB8,440 million. The                  effectiveness of key internal controls over the
 Group’s goodwill is primarily resulted from the acquisition of         assessment of goodwill impairment;
 China AMC with a carrying amount of RMB7,419 million with
 no impairment recognised.                                          •   based on our understanding on the Group’s business
                                                                        and prevailing accounting standards, assessing
 Management performs goodwill impairment assessment                     management’s identification of each of the CGUs
 annually. The impairment assessment relies upon the                    or groups of CGUs, the method in preparing the
 calculation of the recoverable amount for each of the                  discounted cash flow forecast and the allocation of
 Group’s cash generating units (“CGUs”) or groups of CGUs.              goodwill to each CGUs or groups of CGUs;
 The recoverable amount of CGUs or groups of CGUs is the
 higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in   •   involving KPMG valuation specialists to evaluate
 use (“VIU”).                                                           the appropriateness of the method and the
                                                                        reasonableness of the assumptions, including
 Management considers China AMC as a separate CGUs.                     discount rate the management used when estimating
 Management used the VIU approach to assess the                         the discounted cash flows of China AMC;
 recoverable amount of China AMC by applying a discounted
 cash flow (“DCF”) model based on key assumptions and               •   assessing the appropriateness of the key
 inputs including estimated revenue growth rate, terminal               assumptions and judgments applied, including
 growth rate and discount rate.                                         estimated revenue growth rate in the forecast
                                                                        period and terminal growth rate adopted in the
 We identified goodwill impairment assessment as a key audit            discounted cash flow forecast of China AMC by
 matter because of its significance to the financial statements,        comparing with approved budgets and business
 the significant management judgements and estimates                    plan prepared by management and historical data;
 involved, and the fact that these judgements are inherently
 uncertain and might be affected by management’s bias.              •   performing sensitivity analyses on the discount
                                                                        rate and other key assumptions adopted by
                                                                        management to assess the impact of the
                                                                        impairment test result arising from the change
                                                                        in key assumptions and whether there is any
                                                                        indication of management bias; and

                                                                    •   assessing whether the disclosures in the
                                                                        consolidated financial statements in relation to
                                                                        goodwill impairment comply with the requirements
                                                                        of the prevailing accounting standards.




202
Key Audit Matter                                                  How the matter was addressed in our audit


Assessment of fair value of financial instruments held
at fair value classified under Level 3 in the fair value
hierarchy

Refer to note 3(3)(c), 4(3) and 57(a)(c)(d) to the consolidated   Our audit procedures to assess the fair value of Level 3
financial statements.                                             Financial Instruments included the following:


The Group’s financial instruments included those classified       •    assessing    the    design,     implementation     and
under Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy (“Level 3 Financial          operating effectiveness of key internal controls over
Instruments”), which were measured using valuation                     the valuation, independent price verification and
techniques that involve significant inputs that were not               valuation model approval, ongoing monitoring and
based on observable market data (“unobservable inputs”).               optimisation for financial instruments;
Where unobservable inputs were used in the valuation,
estimates need to be developed which can involve significant      •    on    a   sample    basis,     reviewing    investment
management judgement.                                                  agreements for Level 3 financial instruments to
                                                                       understand the relevant investment terms and
We identified assessing the fair value of Level 3 Financial            identify any conditions that were relevant to the
Instruments as a key audit matter because of the degree of             valuation of financial instruments;
complexity involved in valuing Level 3 Financial Instruments
and because of the significant degree of judgement                •    involving KPMG valuation specialists to evaluate

exercised by management in determining the inputs used in              the   appropriateness   of    valuation   models   used

the valuation models.                                                  by management to value the fair value of Level 3
                                                                       Financial Instruments and to perform, on a sample
                                                                       basis, independent valuations of Level 3 Financial
                                                                       Instruments and compare these valuations with the
                                                                       Group’s valuations. This included comparing the
                                                                       Group’s valuation models used by management with
                                                                       our knowledge of current market practice, testing
                                                                       inputs and reperforming the calculations; and

                                                                  •    evaluating the reasonableness of the disclosures
                                                                       on fair values of Level 3 Financial Instruments with
                                                                       reference to the requirements of the prevailing
                                                                       accounting standards.




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report      203
Independent Auditor’s Report



Key Audit Matter                                                      How the matter was addressed in our audit


Expected credit impairment allowance of margin
accounts       and       reverse      repurchase      agreements
(“Financing Assets”)


Refer to note 3(3)(e), 4(5), 13, 30, 33 and 58(a) to the              Our audit procedures to assess ECL of Financing Assets
consolidated financial statements.                                    included the following:


The Group applies an expected credit loss (“ECL”) model to            •    understanding        and    assessing      the   design,
measure the loss allowance for Financing Assets. For Financing             implementation       and   operating    effectiveness   of
Assets classified under Stages 1 and 2, management assesses                key internal controls of financial reporting over the
credit loss allowances using the risk parameter modelling                  approval, recording and monitoring the Financial
approach that incorporated key parameters, including exposure              Assets, the credit risk staging process and the
at default and loss ratio after taking into consideration forward          measurement of ECL for Financing Assets;
looking factors. For credit-impaired Financing Assets classified
under Stage 3, management assesses the credit loss allowance          •    involving KPMG financial risk management specialists
by estimating the future cash flows. The measurement model                 to evaluate the appropriateness of the ECL model in
for ECL involves significant management judgments and                      determining loss allowance and the appropriateness
assumptions.                                                               of the key parameters and assumptions in the model,
                                                                           including loss ratio and adjustments for forward-
Management      also      exercises    significant   judgement   in        looking scenarios, and assessing the appropriateness
determining the quantum of loss allowance based on a range                 of related key management judgement;
of factors, including:


•     The appropriateness of selection of models and
      assumptions;


•     Determination of the criteria for significant increase in
      credit risk, standard of default and credit impairment;


•     Determination of the number and relative weightings of
      forward-looking scenarios.




204
Key Audit Matter                                                  How the matter was addressed in our audit


Expected credit impairment allowance of margin
accounts      and     reverse     repurchase       agreements
(“Financing Assets”) (Continued)


Loss ratio represents Management’s expectation of the             •   Understanding and assessing the completeness
amount of loss on exposure. Management uses historical                and accuracy of data used in the ECL model. For
loss ratio and assesses their appropriateness. Management             key parameters derived from internal inputs relating
determines loss ratio based on factors including: the                 to original agreements, comparing the total balance
coverage ratio of related loan to underlying collateral value         of Financing Assets and financial investment list
and the volatility of such collateral’s valuation, the realised       used by management to assess the allowance for
value of collateral upon forced liquidation taking into account       impairment with the general ledger, on a sample
of the estimated volatility over the realisation period.              basis, comparing the information of individual
                                                                      financial assets with the underlying agreements and
We identified the measurement of ECL for Financing Assets             other relevant documents to evaluate the accuracy
as a key audit matter because of the inherent uncertainty             of compilation of the financial investment list. For
and management judgement involved and because of its                  key parameters derived from external inputs, we
significance to the financial results and capital of the Group.       inspect the accuracy of such data by comparing
                                                                      them with public resources, on a sample basis;


                                                                  •   evaluating the reasonableness of management’s
                                                                      assessment on whether the credit risk of Financing
                                                                      Assets has, or has not, increased significantly
                                                                      since initial recognition and whether those financial
                                                                      assets are credit-impaired. On a sample basis,
                                                                      assessing the reasonableness of the stage of ECL,
                                                                      and reviewing the credit status of relevant assets,
                                                                      coverage ratio and overdue days;


                                                                  •   evaluating the reasonableness of loss ratio for
                                                                      credit impaired samples and assessing the viability
                                                                      of management recovery plan by evaluating the
                                                                      expected cash flows of collateral and other credit
                                                                      enhancements;


                                                                  •   For   forward-looking   scenarios,    evaluating   the
                                                                      basis of determining of the economic variables,
                                                                      number of scenarios and relative weightings;
                                                                      assessing the reasonableness of the economic
                                                                      variables forecasted under the different scenarios
                                                                      and performing sensitivity analysis on economic
                                                                      indicators and relative weightings;




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report    205
Independent Auditor’s Report



Key Audit Matter                                       How the matter was addressed in our audit


Expected credit impairment allowance of margin
accounts    and    reverse   repurchase   agreements
(“Financing Assets”) (Continued)


                                                       •   based on the above, using ECL model for selected
                                                           samples to review the accuracy of the expected credit
                                                           impairment allowance for Financing Assets, and


                                                       •   assessing the disclosures in the financial statements
                                                           in relation to ECL with reference to the requirements
                                                           of the prevailing accounting standards.




206
Information other than the consolidated financial statements and auditor’s report thereon
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information included in the
annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or
our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.


If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we
are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


Responsibilities of the directors for the consolidated financial statements
The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair view
in accordance with IFRSs issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance
and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial
statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative
but to do so.


The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s financial
reporting process.


Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. This
report is made solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs
will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users
taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   207
Independent Auditor’s Report



As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:


•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
      or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
      and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting
      from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
      misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
      appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s
      internal control.


•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
      disclosures made by the directors.


•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the
      audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant
      doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are
      required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or,
      if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained
      up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue
      as a going concern.


•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
      disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
      manner that achieves fair presentation.


•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
      within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction,
      supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the audit and
significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.


We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements regarding
independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on
our independence and, where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.




208
From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most significance in
the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit matters. We describe
these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in
extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Chan Siu Tung.




KPMG
Certified Public Accountants


8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central, Hong Kong
26 March 2024




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   209
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                             Note               2023          2022


 Revenue
   Fee and commission income                                                               33,747,014    37,945,213
   Interest income                                                             7           21,608,951    21,023,810
   Investment income                                                           8           21,845,784    17,636,308

                                                                                           77,201,749    76,605,331
 Income from bulk commodity trading                                                         4,900,473     7,372,367
 Other income                                                                  9            1,622,818     1,963,562

 Total revenue and other income                                                            83,725,040    85,941,260

 Fee and commission expenses                                                  10            6,545,078     6,002,403
 Interest expenses                                                            10           17,579,860    15,218,022
 Staff costs                                                                  10           20,786,350    21,173,971
 Depreciation                                                                               1,565,187     1,349,592
 Tax and surcharges                                                                           357,584       375,476
 Cost from bulk commodity trading                                                           4,776,467     7,227,121
 Other operating expenses and costs                                           10            6,927,069     6,501,873
 Expected credit losses                                                       13             (364,836)     (698,184)
 Impairment losses on other assets                                            14                8,289       514,172

 Total operating expenses                                                                  58,181,048    57,664,446

 Operating profit                                                                          25,543,992    28,276,814

 Share of profits and losses of:
   Associates                                                                                631,213       645,658
   Joint ventures                                                                             10,248        27,732

 Profit before income tax                                                                  26,185,453    28,950,204

 Income tax expense                                                           15            5,646,108     6,781,417

 Profit for the year                                                                       20,539,345    22,168,787

 Attributable to:
   Owners of the Parent                                                                    19,720,547    21,317,422
   Non-controlling interests                                                                  818,798       851,365

                                                                                           20,539,345    22,168,787

 Earnings per share (in RMB per share)
   — Basic                                                                    18                 1.30          1.42

   — Diluted                                                                  18                 1.30          1.42


The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


210
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                                   2023                2022


 Profit for the year                                                                        20,539,345        22,168,787


 Other comprehensive income


 Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to profit or loss
   in subsequent periods


 Net gains/(losses) on investments in debt instruments measured at fair value
   through other comprehensive income                                                          951,874             (6,840)
 Net losses on debt instruments measured at fair value through other
   comprehensive income reclassified to profit or loss on disposal                             (144,557)          (83,959)
 Income tax relating to these items                                                            (223,804)          (21,266)


                                                                                               583,513           (112,065)


 Share of other comprehensive income of associates and joint ventures                             3,627            19,791
 Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                                     262,588         1,146,013


                                                                                               849,728         1,053,739




                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report    211
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                                2023          2022


 Other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
   in subsequent periods


 Net gains/(losses) on investments in equity instruments designated as at fair value
   through other comprehensive income                                                         80,776        (19,402)
 Income tax relating to these items                                                           (31,250)           —


                                                                                              49,526        (19,402)


 Share of other comprehensive income of associates and joint ventures                            375         (3,889)
 Others                                                                                       17,157          6,701


                                                                                              67,058        (16,590)


 Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                                         916,786      1,037,149


 Total comprehensive income for the year                                                   21,456,131    23,205,936


 Attributable to:
   Owners of the Parent                                                                    20,620,739    22,262,775
   Non-controlling interests                                                                 835,392       943,161


                                                                                           21,456,131    23,205,936


The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




212
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As At 31 December 2023
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)



                                                                             Note                 2023                2022

 Non-current assets

 Property, plant and equipment                                                19            8,807,717         8,282,316
 Investment properties                                                        20              904,505           953,997
 Goodwill                                                                     21            8,439,524         8,431,567
 Land-use rights and intangible assets                                        22            3,352,039         3,421,368
 Investments in associates                                                    24            9,632,944         9,638,858
 Investments in joint ventures                                                24               17,064             9,860
 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income            25            9,514,213           162,540
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                        31           32,216,673        32,630,913
 Reverse repurchase agreements                                                33            5,336,034                —
 Refundable deposits                                                          26           62,181,920        69,158,115
 Deferred income tax assets                                                   27            6,693,865        11,570,191
 Right-of-use assets                                                          28            2,393,630         1,942,488
 Other non-current assets                                                     29              586,595           507,717

 Total non-current assets                                                                 150,076,723       146,709,930

 Current assets

 Fee and commission receivables                                                             2,309,293         2,189,302
 Margin accounts                                                              30          118,745,730       106,976,333
 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income            25           81,183,382        70,115,174
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                        31          592,830,102       498,291,779
 Derivative financial assets                                                  32           32,754,245        36,388,727
 Reverse repurchase agreements                                                33           56,873,123        31,483,059
 Other current assets                                                         34           69,794,438        58,323,821
 Cash held on behalf of customers                                             35          239,019,025       245,723,271
 Cash and bank balances                                                       36          109,773,065       112,401,964

 Total current assets                                                                   1,303,282,403     1,161,893,430

 Current liabilities

 Customer brokerage deposits                                                  37          283,820,892       279,402,254
 Derivative financial liabilities                                             32           32,006,021        28,122,498
 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                   38           68,420,120        62,404,334
 Repurchase agreements                                                        39          278,725,748       212,745,223
 Due to banks and other financial institutions                                40           53,623,195        29,580,863
 Taxes payable                                                                41            2,502,744         5,576,161
 Short-term loans                                                             42            7,613,934         9,801,009
 Short-term financing instruments payable                                     43           57,407,012        11,859,811
 Lease liabilities                                                            44              777,016           563,835
 Other current liabilities                                                    45          258,532,797       297,781,138

 Total current liabilities                                                              1,043,429,479       937,837,126

 Net current assets                                                                       259,852,924       224,056,304

 Total assets less current liabilities                                                    409,929,647       370,766,234



                                                                CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report    213
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
As At 31 December 2023
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                             Note                2023              2022

 Non-current liabilities


 Debt instruments issued                                                      46           108,555,434        74,759,187
 Deferred income tax liabilities                                              27              170,275          3,490,703
 Long-term loans                                                              47              343,173           272,299
 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                   38            18,042,078        28,711,261
 Repurchase agreements                                                        39             4,620,575         1,537,872
 Lease liabilities                                                            44             1,651,580         1,407,947
 Other non-current liabilities                                                48             2,347,324         2,214,926


 Total non-current liabilities                                                             135,730,439       112,394,195


 Net assets                                                                                274,199,208       258,372,039


 Equity


 Equity attributable to Owners of the Parent
   Issued share capital                                                       49            14,820,547        14,820,547
   Other equity instruments                                                   50            16,761,704        13,761,704
   Reserves                                                                   51           143,807,570       139,306,544
   Retained earnings                                                                        93,449,787        85,229,293


                                                                                           268,839,608       253,118,088
 Non-controlling interests                                                                   5,359,600         5,253,951


 Total equity                                                                              274,199,208       258,372,039


The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 26 March 2024.




ZHANG Youjun                                                              YANG Minghui
Chairman                                                                  Executive Director and President




214
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)



                                                                           Attributable to owners of the Parent
                                                                                        Reserves
                                                                                                                    Foreign
                                                      Other                                          Investment    currency                                   Non-
                                          Share       equity    Capital      Surplus      General revaluation translation      Retained                  controlling
                               Note      capital instruments   reserve       reserves    reserves       reserve     reserve    earnings     Subtotal       interests        Total


At 1 January 2023                     14,820,547 13,761,704 90,939,724 11,293,893 36,884,302           (197,687)    386,312 85,229,293 253,118,088        5,253,951 258,372,039
Profit for the year                          —            —          —             —            —            —           — 19,720,547 19,720,547            818,798 20,539,345
Other comprehensive
  income for the year                        —            —          —             —            —       654,197     245,995           —      900,192         16,594      916,786


Total comprehensive
  income for the year                        —            —          —             —            —       654,197     245,995 19,720,547 20,620,739           835,392 21,456,131


Dividends — 2022               17            —            —          —             —            —            —           —    (7,262,068) (7,262,068)            —     (7,262,068)
Distribution to other equity
  instrument holders           17            —           —           —             —            —            —           —     (525,163)     (525,163)           —      (525,163)
Appropriation to surplus
  reserves                                   —           —           —       346,115            —            —           —     (346,115)           —             —             —
Appropriation to general
  reserves                                   —           —           —             —     3,366,307           —           —    (3,366,307)          —             —             —
Capital increase/(decrease)                  —    3,000,000    (111,588)           —            —            —           —            —     2,888,412      (242,565)   2,645,847
  — Capital decrease by
   equity holders                            —           —           —             —            —            —           —            —            —       (242,565)    (242,565)
  — Capital increase/
   (decrease) by other
   equity instrument holders   50            —    3,000,000      (6,478)           —            —            —           —            —     2,993,522            —     2,993,522
  — Others                                   —           —     (105,110)           —            —            —           —            —      (105,110)           —      (105,110)
Dividends to
  non-controlling interests                  —           —           —             —            —            —           —            —            —       (487,178)    (487,178)
Others                                       —           —           —             —            —            —           —          (400)        (400)           —           (400)


At 31 December 2023                   14,820,547 16,761,704 90,828,136 11,640,008 40,250,609            456,510     632,307 93,449,787 268,839,608        5,359,600 274,199,208




                                                                                            CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report                             215
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                           Attributable to owners of the Parent
                                                                                        Reserves
                                                                                                                         Foreign
                                                       Other                                          Investment       currency                                     Non-
                                          Share        equity    Capital     Surplus       General    revaluation     translation     Retained                 controlling
                               Note       capital instruments   reserve     reserves      reserves        reserve        reserve      earnings     Subtotal     interests         Total


At 1 January 2022                     12,926,776 10,767,729 65,629,381     9,985,077 32,958,534          (88,824)      (667,904) 77,660,564 209,171,333        4,636,453 213,807,786
Profit for the year                           —           —          —            —             —                 —           — 21,317,422 21,317,422            851,365 22,168,787
Other comprehensive
  income for the year                         —           —          —            —             —       (108,863)     1,054,216             —      945,353        91,796     1,037,149


Total comprehensive
  income for the year                         —           —          —            —             —       (108,863)     1,054,216 21,317,422 22,262,775            943,161 23,205,936


Dividends — 2021               17             —           —          —            —             —                 —           —     (8,003,095) (8,003,095)            —     (8,003,095)
Distribution to other equity
  instrument holders           17             —           —          —            —             —                 —           —      (497,209)     (497,209)           —      (497,209)
Appropriation to surplus
  reserves                                    —           —          —     1,308,816            —             —               —     (1,308,816)          —             —             —
Appropriation to general
  reserves                                    —           —          —            —     3,925,768             —               —     (3,925,768)          —             —             —
Capital increase/(decrease)
  — Capital increase by
   equity holders                      1,893,771          — 25,309,120            —             —             —               —             — 27,202,891               — 27,202,891
  — Capital increase by
   other equity
   instrument holders          50             —    2,993,975         —            —             —             —               —             —     2,993,975            —     2,993,975
  — Others                                    —           —       1,223           —             —             —               —        (13,805)     (12,582)     123,673       111,091
Dividends to
  non-controlling interests                   —           —          —            —             —             —               —             —            —      (449,336)     (449,336)


At 31 December 2022                   14,820,547 13,761,704 90,939,724 11,293,893 36,884,302            (197,687)       386,312 85,229,293 253,118,088         5,253,951 258,372,039


The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




216
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                                      2023                2022


 Cash flows from operating activities
   Profit before income tax                                                                    26,185,453        28,950,204
   Adjustments for:
    Financing interest expense                                                                  6,246,120         6,378,624
    Share of profits and losses of associates and joint ventures                                  (641,461)         (673,390)
    Interest income and dividend income from financial assets at fair value
     through other comprehensive income                                                         (2,074,410)       (1,491,050)
    Net gains on disposal of debt instruments at fair value through
    other comprehensive income                                                                    (980,535)         (256,582)
    Net gains on disposal of property, plant and equipment and other assets                           (633)               (924)
    Gains on disposal of associates, joint ventures and subsidiaries                              (115,603)          (20,786)
    Fair value (gains)/losses on financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value
     through profit or loss                                                                     (3,573,683)      13,659,871
   Depreciation                                                                                 1,565,187         1,349,592
   Amortisation                                                                                   403,216           388,709
    Reversals of expected credit losses                                                           (364,836)         (698,184)
    Impairment on other assets                                                                       8,289          514,172


                                                                                               26,657,104        48,100,256


 Net (increase)/decrease in operating assets
   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                      (88,067,597)        (9,751,173)
   Cash held on behalf of customers                                                             6,704,247       (23,264,362)
   Other assets                                                                               (79,471,791)       75,832,622


                                                                                             (160,835,141)       42,817,087


 Net increase/(decrease) in operating liabilities
   Customer brokerage deposits                                                                  4,373,153        27,648,039
   Repurchase agreements                                                                       69,063,228       (21,003,381)
   Other liabilities                                                                           33,210,050       (33,940,192)


                                                                                              106,646,431       (27,295,534)


 Net cash (outflow)/inflow from operating activities before tax                               (27,531,606)       63,621,809
   Income tax paid                                                                              (6,601,107)       (8,363,459)


 Net cash (outflow)/inflow from operating activities                                          (34,132,713)       55,258,350




                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report    217
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2023
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                             Note                 2023            2022


 Cash flows from investing activities
   Net cash flow from purchases and sales of items of property,
    plant and equipment and other assets                                                     (1,579,773)     (1,304,020)
   Net cash flow from investments in associates and joint ventures                             505,769         293,879
   Net cash flow of financial assets at fair value through other
   comprehensive income                                                                     (17,045,629)       186,928
   Net cash flow from other investing activities                                                (78,387)        31,474


 Net cash outflow from investing activities                                                 (18,198,020)       (791,739)


 Cash flows from financing activities
   Cash inflows from the rights issue                                                                —      27,156,972
   Cash inflows from issuance of perpetual bonds                                              3,000,000      3,000,000
   Cash inflows from borrowing activities                                                  107,672,045      10,194,389
   Cash inflows from issuing bonds                                                         234,636,055      67,716,044
   Payment of debts                                                                        (281,435,573)   (133,201,845)
   Dividends and interest expenses paid                                                     (14,296,620)    (15,516,047)
   Other cash outflows from financing activities                                             (1,294,480)     (1,209,107)


 Net cash inflow/(outflow) from financing activities                                        48,281,427      (41,859,594)


 Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                                        (4,049,306)    12,607,017
   Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                  103,228,271      90,064,626
   Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                                398,769         556,628


 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                             52            99,577,734     103,228,271

The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




218
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




1     CORPORATE INFORMATION
      CITIC Securities Company Limited (the “Company”) was established in Beijing, the People’s Republic of China (the
      “PRC” or “Chinese Mainland”, which excludes for the purpose of the financial statements, the Hong Kong Special
      Administrative Region of the PRC or “Hong Kong”, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC or “Macau”,
      and Chinese Taiwan ) on 25 October 1995. Pursuant to the approval by the China Securities Regulatory Commission
      (the “CSRC”), the Company was restructured as a joint stock limited company in 1999. The unified social credit code
      of the Company for its business license is 914403001017814402. The Company’s common stock was listed on the
      Shanghai Stock Exchange in 2003 and listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited in 2011. The registered
      office of the Company is located at North Tower, Excellence Times Plaza II, No. 8 Zhongxin San Road, Futian District,
      Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, the PRC.


      The Company and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) conduct the following principal activities:


      •     Securities and futures brokerage;
      •     Securities investment fund distribution and introducing brokerage business for futures companies;
      •     Agency sale of financial products;
      •     Securities underwriting and sponsorship;
      •     Investment advisory and consultancy services;
      •     Proprietary securities activities;
      •     Asset management and fund management;
      •     Margin financing and securities lending;
      •     Stock option market-making; and
      •     Market making trading of listed securities.


2     BASIS OF PREPARATION
      2.1 Basis of Preparation
            The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting
            Standards (“IFRSs”), as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”). In addition, the
            consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of
            Securities on the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap.
            622) for this financial year and the comparative period.

            The consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for
            derivative financial instruments, financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, financial assets at
            fair value through other comprehensive income, which have been measured at fair value, as further explained in
            the respective accounting policies below. These financial statements are presented in RMB and all values are
            rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated.




                                                                      CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report      219
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




2     BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
      2.2 Amendments to the accounting standards effective in 2023 and adopted by the Group
            The Group has adopted the following amendments to the IFRSs issued by the IASB that are first effective for the
            financial year ended 31 December 2023:


            IFRS 17 Amendments                               Insurance Contracts
            IAS 1 and IFRS Practice                          Disclosure of Accounting Policies
              Statement 2 Amendments
            IAS 8 Amendments                                 Definition of Accounting Estimates
            IAS 12 Amendments                                Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a
                                                                Single Transaction
            IAS 12 Amendments                                International Tax Reform-Pillar Two Model Rules

            (1)   IFRS 17 Amendments: Insurance Contracts
                  IFRS 17 was issued in May 2017 as replacement for IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts. It requires a current
                  measurement model where estimates are re-measured each reporting period. Contracts are measured
                  using the building blocks of: discounted probability-weighted cash flows, an explicit risk adjustment, and a
                  contractual service margin (“CSM”) representing the unearned profit of the contract which is recognised as
                  revenue over the coverage period. The new rules will affect the financial statements and key performance
                  indicators of all entities that issue insurance contracts or investment contracts with discretionary
                  participation features.


            (2)   IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2 Amendments: Disclosure of Accounting Policies
                  IAS 1 and IFRS Practice Statement 2 Amendments provide guidance to help entities apply materiality
                  judgements to accounting policy disclosures. The amendments replace the requirement for entities to
                  disclose their “significant” accounting policies with a requirement to disclose their “material” accounting
                  policies. The amendments add guidance on how entities apply the concept of materiality in making decisions
                  about accounting policy disclosures.


            (3)   IAS 8 Amendments: Definition of Accounting Estimates
                  IAS 8 Amendments clarify how companies should distinguish changes in accounting policies from changes
                  in accounting estimates. It introduces a new definition of “accounting estimates”. The amendments are
                  designed to clarify distinction between changes in accounting estimates and changes in accounting policies
                  and correction of errors.


            (4)   IAS 12 Amendments: Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single Transaction
                  IAS 12 Amendments require companies to recognise deferred tax on transactions that, on initial recognition,
                  give rise to equal amounts of taxable and deductible temporary differences. They will typically apply to
                  transactions such as leases of lessees and decommissioning obligations and will require the recognition of
                  additional deferred tax assets and liabilities. The amendments should be applied to transactions that occur
                  on or after the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented.




220
2   BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
    2.2 Amendments to the accounting standards effective in 2023 and adopted by the Group
        (Continued)
        (5)    IAS 12 Amendments: International Tax Reform-Pillar Two Model Rules
               The amendments introduce a temporary mandatory exception from deferred tax accounting for the
               income tax arising from tax laws enacted or substantively enacted to implement the Pillar Two model
               rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) (income tax
               arising from such tax laws is hereafter referred to as “Pillar Two income taxes”), including tax laws
               that implement qualified domestic minimum top-up taxes described in those rules. The amendments also
               introduce disclosure requirements about such tax. They are immediately effective upon issuance and
               require retrospective application.


    2.3 Standards and amendments relevant to the Group that are not yet effective and have not
        been adopted before their effective dates in 2023

                                                                                                 Effective for annual periods
                                                                                                        beginning on or after


         IAS 1 Amendments                    Classification of Liabilities as Current or                         1 January 2024
                                               Non-current and Noncurrent Liabilities
                                               with Covenants
         IFRS 16 Amendments                  Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback                             1 January 2024

         IAS 7 and IFRS 7                    Supplier Finance Arrangements                                       1 January 2024
              Amendments
         IAS 21 Amendments                   Lack of Exchangeability                                             1 January 2025
         IFRS 10 and IAS 28                  Sale or Contribution of Assets between an                  Effective date has been
              Amendments                       Investor and its Associate or Joint Venture                   deferred indefinitely

        (1)    IAS 1 Amendments: Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and Non-current Liabilities
               with Covenants
               The amendments to IAS 1 (2020) concern the requirements on determining if a liability is current or non-current.
               In particular, the amendments specify the condition of an entity to classify a liability as non-current requires that
               a right to defer settlement must exist at the end of the reporting period and have substance, and clarify that
               classification is unaffected by management’s intentions or expectations about whether the entity will exercise its
               right to defer settlement.


               The amendments also specify the classification of liabilities that will or may be settled by issuing an entity’s own
               equity instruments. When a liability includes a counterparty conversion option that involves a transfer of the
               entity’s own equity instruments, the classification of such liability is not affected only when the conversion option
               is recognized separately from the host liability as an equity component under IAS 32.




                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report        221
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




2     BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
      2.3 Standards and amendments relevant to the Group that are not yet effective and have not
          been adopted before their effective dates in 2023 (Continued)
            (1)   IAS 1 Amendments: Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current and Non-current Liabilities
                  with Covenants (Continued)
                  The amendments to IAS 1 (2022) specify that only covenants with which an entity must comply on or before
                  the reporting date affect the classification of a liability as current or non-current. Covenants with which the entity
                  must comply after the reporting date (i.e. future covenants) do not affect a liability’s classification at that date.
                  However, an entity is required to disclose information regarding the risk that the non-current liabilities subject to
                  future covenants could become repayable within twelve months after the end of the reporting period.


                  The 2022 amendments defer the effective date of the 2020 amendments to annual reporting periods beginning
                  on or after 1 January 2024. If an entity applies one of these two amendments for an earlier period, the other
                  amendments should also be applied for that period.


                  The Group anticipates that the adoption of the amendments will not have a significant impact on the Group’s
                  consolidated financial statements.


            (2)   IFRS 16 Amendments: Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
                  The amendments add to the requirements explaining how an entity accounts for a sale and leaseback
                  after the date of the transaction. The amendments require a seller-lessee to subsequently measure lease
                  liabilities arising from a leaseback in a way that it does not recognize any amount of the gain or loss that
                  relates to the right-of-use it retains, including cases with variable lease payments in the leaseback. The
                  Group anticipates that the adoption of the amendments will not have a significant impact on the Group’s
                  consolidated financial statements.


            (3)   IFRS 10 and IAS 28 Amendments: Sale or Contribution of Assets between An Investor and Its
                  Associate or Joint Venture
                  These amendments address an inconsistency between IFRS 10 and IAS 28 in the sale and contribution
                  of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture. A full gain or loss is recognized when a
                  transaction involves a business. A partial gain or loss is recognized when a transaction involves assets
                  that do not constitute a business, even if those assets are in a subsidiary. The Group anticipates that the
                  adoption of these amendments will not have a significant impact on the Group’s consolidated financial
                  statements.


            (4)   IAS 7 and IFRS 7 Amendments: Supplier Finance Arrangements
                  The amendments introduce new disclosures relating to supplier finance arrangements that assist users of
                  the financial statements to assess the effects of these arrangements on an entity’s liabilities and cash flows
                  and on an entity’s exposure to liquidity risk. The Group anticipates that the adoption of the amendments
                  will not have a significant impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.




222
2   BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
    2.3 Standards and amendments relevant to the Group that are not yet effective and have not
        been adopted before their effective dates in 2023 (Continued)
        (5)   IAS 21 Amendments: Lack of Exchangeability
              The amendments specify when a currency is exchangeable into another currency and when it is not, and
              how an entity determines a spot rate when a currency lacks exchangeability. Under the amendments,
              entities are required to provide additional disclosures to help users evaluate how a currency’s lack of
              exchangeability affects, or is expected to affect, its financial performance, financial position and cash
              flows. The Group anticipates that the adoption of the amendments will not have a significant impact on the
              Group’s consolidated financial statements.


    2.4 Basis of consolidation
        The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and entities (including
        structured entities) controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries for the year ended 31 December 2023. The
        financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the Company (also referred
        to as the “Parent”), using consistent accounting policies.


        The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date of acquisition, being the date on which the Group
        obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases. All intra-group balances,
        transactions, unrealised gains and losses resulting from intra-group transactions and dividends are eliminated on
        consolidation in full.


        Total comprehensive income within a subsidiary is attributed to the non-controlling interest even if that results in
        a deficit balance. A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as
        an equity transaction. If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it:


        (a)   derecognises the assets (including goodwill) and liabilities of the subsidiary;


        (b)   derecognises the carrying amount of any non-controlling interest;


        (c)   derecognises the cumulative translation differences recorded in equity;


        (d)   recognises the fair value of the consideration received;


        (e)   recognises the fair value of any investment retained;


        (f)   recognises any resulting surplus or deficit in profit or loss; and


        (g)   reclassifies the Group’s share of components previously recognised in other comprehensive income (OCI)
              to profit or loss.


        Non-controlling interests represent the portion of profit or loss and net assets in subsidiaries not held by the
        Group and are presented separately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and within equity in the
        consolidated statement of financial position separately from the equity attributable to owners of the Parent. An
        acquisition of noncontrolling interests is accounted for as an equity transaction.

                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   223
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      (1)   Cash and cash equivalents
            Cash and cash equivalents are short term, highly liquid assets, which are readily convertible into known amounts
            of cash and are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value. Cash and cash equivalents include cash and
            assets with original maturity of three months or less under cash and bank balances.


      (2)   Foreign currency transactions and foreign currency translation
            The financial statements are presented in RMB, which is the Company’s functional and presentation currency.
            The recording currency of the Company’s subsidiaries is determined based on the primary economic
            environment in which they operate.


            Foreign currency transactions recorded by the entities in the Group are initially recorded using their respective
            functional currency rates ruling at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
            foreign currencies are retranslated at the prevailing functional currency exchange rates at the end of the reporting
            period. All differences are taken to the statement of profit or loss. Non-monetary items denominated in foreign
            currencies that are measured at historical costs are translated at the balance sheet date using the spot exchange
            rates at the date of the transactions.


            For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s
            overseas operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group at the rate of exchange
            prevailing at the end of the reporting period, and their income and expenses are translated at exchange rates
            that approximate the exchange rates of the date of the transaction. The exchange differences resulting from
            foreign currency financial statement translation of subsidiaries are recognised in other comprehensive income
            (“OCI”) and accumulated in the foreign exchange translation reserve. The cash flows of overseas operations are
            translated at the spot exchange rates on the dates of the cash flows.


            The effect of exchange rate changes on cash is presented separately in the cash flow statement.


      (3)   Financial instruments
            (a)   Initial recognition, classification and measurement of financial instruments
                  Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognised when the Group becomes a party to the contractual
                  provisions of the instrument. Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-
                  date, the date on which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.


                  At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset or financial liability at its fair value, in the case of
                  a financial asset or financial liability not at fair value through profit or loss, plus or minus transaction costs
                  that are incremental and directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of the financial asset or financial
                  liability. Transaction costs of financial assets and financial liabilities carried at fair value through profit or loss
                  are expensed in profit or loss.




224
3   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (3)   Financial instruments (Continued)
          (a)   Initial recognition, classification and measurement of financial instruments (Continued)
                Financial assets
                Financial assets are classified on the basis of the Group’s business model for managing the asset and the
                cash flow characteristics of the assets:


                (i)     Amortised cost;


                (ii)    Fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”); or


                (iii)   Fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”).


                Financial assets are not reclassified subsequent to their initial recognition unless the Group changes its
                business model for managing financial assets, in which case all affected financial assets are reclassified on
                the first day of the first reporting period following the change in the business model.


                Business model reflects how the Group manages the assets in order to generate cash flows. That is,
                whether the Group’s objective is solely to collect the contractual cash flows from the assets or is to
                collect both the contractual cash flows and cash flows arising from the sale of assets. If neither of these
                is applicable (e.g. financial assets are held for trading purposes), then the financial assets are classified as
                part of “other” business model and measured at FVPL. Factors considered by the Group in determining the
                business model for a group of assets include past experience on how the cash flows for these assets were
                collected, how the asset’s performance is evaluated and reported to key management personnel, how risks
                are assessed and managed and how managers are compensated.


                Where the business model is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows or to collect contractual cash
                flows and sell, the Group assesses whether the financial instruments’ cash flows represent solely payments
                of principal and interest (“SPPI”). In making this assessment, the Group considers whether the contractual
                cash flows are consistent with a basic lending arrangement. i.e. interest includes only consideration for
                the time value of money, credit risk, other basic lending risks and a profit margin that is consistent with
                a basic lending arrangement. Where the contractual terms introduce exposure to risk or volatility that are
                inconsistent with a basic lending arrangement, the related financial asset is classified and measured at fair
                value through profit or loss.


                Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determine whether their
                cash flows are SPPI.




                                                                      CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   225
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (3)   Financial instruments (Continued)
            (a)   Initial recognition, classification and measurement of financial instruments (Continued)
                  The classification requirements for debt instruments and equity instruments are described as below:
                  Debt Instruments
                  Debt instruments are those instruments that meet the definition of a financial liability from the issuer’s
                  perspective. Classification and subsequent measurement of debt instruments depend on: (i) the Group’s
                  business model for managing the asset; and (ii) the cash flow characteristics of asset.

                  Based on these factors, the Group classifies its debt instruments into one of the following three
                  measurement categories:

                  (i)     Amortised cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows
                          represent SPPI, and that are not designated at FVPL, are measured at amortised cost.

                  (ii)    FVOCI: Financial assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the
                          assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent SPPI, and that are not designated at FVPL, are
                          measured at FVOCI.

                  (iii)   FVPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortised cost or FVOCI are measured at FVPL.

                  The Group may also irrevocably designate financial assets at FVPL if doing so significantly reduces or
                  eliminates a mismatch created by assets and liabilities being measured on different bases.

                  Equity instruments
                  Equity instruments are instruments that meet the definition of equity from the issuer’s perspective; that is,
                  instruments that do not contain a contractual obligation to pay and that evidence a residual interest in the
                  issuer’s net assets. Examples of equity instruments include basic ordinary shares.

                  The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at FVPL, except where the Group’s management
                  has elected, at initial recognition, to irrevocably designate an equity investment at FVOCI.

                  Financial liabilities
                  Financial liabilities are classified as subsequently measured at amortised cost, except for financial liabilities
                  at FVPL, which is applied to derivatives, financial liabilities held for trading (e.g. short positions in the trading
                  books) and other financial liabilities designated as such at initial recognition.

                  Contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 applies.
                  Such contingent consideration shall subsequently be measured at fair value with changes recognised in
                  profit or loss.

                  An entity may, at initial recognition, irrevocably designate a financial liability as measured at fair value
                  through profit or loss: (i) it eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency
                  (sometimes referred to as ‘an accounting mismatch’); (ii) a group of financial liabilities or financial assets
                  and financial liabilities is managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance
                  with a documented risk management or investment strategy, and information about the Group is provided
                  internally on that basis to the entity’s key management personnel.



226
3   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (3)   Financial instruments (Continued)
          (b)   Reclassification of financial assets
                When the Group changes the business model for managing its financial assets, it shall reclassify all affected
                financial assets, and apply the reclassification prospectively from the reclassification date. The Group
                does not restate any previously recognised gains, losses (including impairment gains or losses) or interest.
                Reclassification date is the first day of the first reporting period following the change in business model that
                results in an entity reclassifying financial assets.


          (c)   Fair value of financial instruments
                Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
                transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value measurement is based on the
                presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal
                market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market
                for the asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group.
                The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would
                use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their best economic interest.


                The fair values of quoted financial assets and financial liabilities in active markets are based on quoted
                market prices. If there is no active market, the Group establishes fair value by using valuation techniques.
                These include the use of market approach, income approach and cost approach. When using valuation
                techniques, the Group uses observable inputs. Unobservable market inputs would not be used unless
                relevant observable inputs are not available or not practicable to access.


                Default Valuation Adjustments are applied to the Group’s financial liabilities at fair value through profit or
                loss, and assumes that Default Valuation Adjustments stay the same before and after the transfer of the
                liability. Default Valuation Adjustments refer to risk that enterprises fail to perform the obligation, including
                but not limited to their own credit risk.


                The Group uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair values of financial assets and
                financial liabilities based on the inputs used when determining the fair value:


                Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can
                access at the measurement date.


                Level 2: Valuation technique using inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are
                observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.


                Level 3: Valuation technique using inputs for the asset or liability that is not based on observable market
                data (unobservable inputs).


                The level of fair value measurement depends on the lowest level of input that is significant to the entire fair
                value measurement.




                                                                       CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   227
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (3)   Financial instruments (Continued)
            (d)   Subsequent measurement of financial instruments
                  Subsequent measurement of financial instruments depends on the categories:


                  Amortised cost
                  The amortised cost is the amount at which the financial asset or financial liability is measured at initial
                  recognition: (i) minus the principal repayments; (ii) plus or minus the cumulative amortisation using the
                  effective interest method of any difference between that initial amount and the maturity amount; and (iii) for
                  financial assets, adjusted for any loss allowance. Interest income from these financial assets is included in
                  “Interest income” using the effective interest rate method.


                  The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments or receipts
                  through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability to the gross carrying amount of a financial
                  asset (i.e. its amortised cost before any impairment allowance) or to the amortised cost of a financial
                  liability. The calculation does not consider expected credit losses (“ECL”) and includes transaction costs,
                  premiums or discounts and fees and points paid or received that are integral to the effective interest rate.
                  For purchased or originated credit-impaired (“POCI”) financial assets, the Group calculates the credit-
                  adjusted effective interest rate, which is calculated based on the amortised cost of the financial asset
                  instead of its gross carrying amount and incorporates the impact of expected credit losses in estimated
                  future cash flows.


                  When the Group revises the estimates of future cash flows, the carrying amount of the respective financial
                  asset or financial liability is adjusted to reflect the new estimate discounted using the original effective
                  interest rate. Any changes are recognised in profit or loss.


                  Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of financial
                  assets and is included in “Interest income”, except for: (i) POCI financial assets, whose interest income is
                  calculated, since initial recognition, by applying the credit-adjusted effective interest rate to their amortised
                  cost; and (ii) financial assets that are not POCI but have subsequently become credit-impaired, whose
                  interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to their amortised cost (i.e. net of the
                  expected credit loss allowance). If, in a subsequent period, the financial assets improve their qualities
                  so that they are no longer credit-impaired and the improvement in credit quality is related objectively to
                  a certain event occurring after the application of the above-mentioned rules, then the interest income is
                  calculated by applying the effective interest rate to their gross carrying amount.


                  Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
                  Debt instruments
                  Movements in the carrying amount are taken through OCI, except for the recognition of impairment gains
                  or losses and interest revenue on the instrument’s amortised cost which are recognised in profit or loss.
                  Interest income from these financial assets is included in “interest income” using the effective interest rate
                  method. When the financial asset is derecognised, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognised in OCI
                  is reclassified from equity to profit or loss and recognised in “Investment income”.




228
3   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (3)   Financial instruments (Continued)
          (d)   Subsequent measurement of financial instruments (Continued)
                Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (Continued)
                Equity instruments
                The equity instrument investments that are held for purposes other than to generate investment returns
                are designated as FVOCI. When this election is used, fair value gains and losses are recognised in OCI
                and are not subsequently reclassified to profit or loss, including on disposal. Impairment losses (and
                reversal of impairment losses) are not reported separately from other changes in fair value. Dividends, when
                representing a return on such investments, continue to be recognised in profit or loss as investment income
                when the Group’s right to receive payments is established, and it is probable that future economic benefits
                associated with the item will flow to the Group, and the amounts of the dividends can be measured reliably.


                Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
                Debt instruments
                A gain or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss
                and is not part of a hedging relationship is recognised in profit or loss and presented in the profit or loss
                statement within “Investment income” in the period in which it arises.


                Equity instruments
                Gains and losses on equity investments at FVPL are included in the “Investment income” line in the
                statement of profit or loss.


                Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
                Financial liabilities at FVPL are measured at fair value with all gains or losses recognized in profit or loss of
                the current period, except for financial liabilities designated as at fair value through profit or loss, where gains or
                losses on the financial liabilities are treated as follows:

                (i)    changes in fair value of such financial liabilities due to changes in the Group’s own credit risk are
                       recognized in other comprehensive income; and


                (ii)   other changes in fair value of such financial liabilities are recognized in profit or loss of the current
                       period. If the accounting of changes in the credit risk of the financial liabilities in accordance with (i)
                       will create or enlarge accounting mismatches in profit or loss, the Group recognizes all gains or losses
                       on such financial liabilities (including amounts arising from changes in its own credit risk) in the profit
                       or loss of the current period.


                When financial liabilities designated as at FVPL are derecognised, fair value gains and losses are
                subsequently reclassified from other comprehensive income to retained earnings.




                                                                       CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report          229
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (3)   Financial instruments (Continued)
            (e)   Impairment of financial instruments
                  The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the ECL associated with its debt instrument assets carried
                  at amortised cost and FVOCI.


                  ECL is the weighted average of credit losses with the respective risks of a default occurring as the weights.
                  Credit loss is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance with
                  the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive (i.e. all cash shortfalls), discounted at the
                  original effective interest rate (or credit-adjusted effective interest rate for POCI financial assets).


                  The Group measures the ECL of a financial instrument reflects:


                  (i)     an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined by evaluating a range of possible
                          outcomes;


                  (ii)    the time value of money; and


                  (iii)   reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort at the reporting
                          date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.


                  For financial instruments whose impairment losses are measured using the ECL model, the Group
                  assesses whether their credit risk has increased significantly since their initial recognition, and applies a
                  three-stage impairment model to calculate their impairment allowance and recognise their ECL, as follows:


                  —       Stage I: The Group measures the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to the
                          next 12 months ECL if the credit risk of that financial instrument has not increased significantly since
                          initial recognition.


                  —       Stage II: The Group measures the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to
                          the lifetime ECL if the credit risk of that financial instrument has increased significantly since initial
                          recognition, but is not yet deemed to be credit-impaired.


                  —       Stage III: The Group measures the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to the
                          lifetime ECL if the financial instrument is credit-impaired.

                  The Group applies the impairment requirements for the recognition and measurement of loss allowance for
                  debt instruments that are measured at FVOCI. The loss allowance is recognised in OCI and the impairment
                  loss is recognised in profit or loss, and it should not reduce the carrying amount of the financial asset in the
                  statement of financial position.




230
3   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (3)   Financial instruments (Continued)
          (e)   Impairment of financial instruments (Continued)
                The Group has measured the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to the lifetime
                ECL in the previous reporting period, but determines to measure it at an amount equal to the next 12
                months ECL at the current reporting date since the credit risk of that financial instrument has increased
                significantly since initial recognition is no longer met, and the amount of ECL reversal is recognised in profit
                or loss. Excluding POCI financial assets.


                The inputs, assumptions and estimation techniques the Group used in ECL models for its debt instrument
                assets carried at amortised cost and FVOCI refer to Note 58(a).


          (f)   Derecognition of financial instruments
                A financial asset is derecognised, when one of the following criteria is satisfied:

                (i)    the contractual rights to receive cash flows from the assets have expired; or


                (ii)   the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset; or has assumed an
                       obligation to pay them in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through”
                       arrangement; and (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of
                       the financial asset; or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and
                       rewards of ownership of the financial asset, but not retain control of the asset.

                A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged, cancelled or expires.
                When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different
                terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is
                treated as a derecognition of the original liability and the recognition of a new liability.

                When the Group has made substantial modifications to a part of the contract terms of an existing financial
                liability, the relevant portion of the existing financial liability is derecognised, while the financial liability under
                modified terms is recognised as a new financial liability.


                On derecognition of a financial liability in its entirety or partially, the difference between the carrying amount
                and the consideration paid (including non-cash assets transferred or new financial liabilities assumed) shall
                be recognised in profit or loss.


                If the Group repurchases a part of a financial liability, the Group shall allocate the previous carrying amount
                of the financial liability between the part that continues to be recognised and the part that is derecognised
                based on the relative fair values of those parts on the date of the repurchase. The difference between the
                carrying amount allocated to the part derecognised and the consideration paid (including any non-cash
                assets transferred or liabilities assumed) for the part derecognised shall be recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                       CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report         231
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (4)   Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting
            Derivative financial instruments
            The Group uses derivatives, such as foreign currency contracts, interest rate swaps, contracts of stock index
            and contracts for difference to economically hedge its foreign currency risk, interest rate risk and stock price
            risk, respectively. Derivatives financial instruments are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative
            contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured at their fair value. Derivatives are carried as assets
            when the fair value is positive and as liabilities when the fair value is negative. Fair values are obtained from
            quoted market prices in active markets, including recent market transactions, and valuation techniques, including
            the discounted cash flow analysis and option pricing models, as appropriate. Credit Valuation Adjustments (CVA)
            and Debit Valuation Adjustments (DVA) are applied to the Group’s over-the-counter derivatives to reflect the
            credit risk of the counterparties and the Group itself, respectively.


            Hedge accounting
            At the inception of a hedging relationship, the Group formally designates the hedge instruments and the hedged
            items, and documents the hedging relationship to which the Group wishes to apply hedge accounting and the
            risk management objective and strategy for undertaking the hedge. The documentation includes identification of
            the hedging instrument, the hedged item or transaction, the nature of the risk being hedged and how the entity
            will assess the hedging instrument’s effectiveness in offsetting the exposure to changes in the hedged item’s fair
            value or cash flows attributable to the hedged risk. Such hedges are expected to meet the hedge effectiveness
            in achieving offsetting changes in fair value or cash flows and are assessed on an ongoing basis to analyse the
            sources of hedge ineffectiveness which are expected to affect the hedging relationship in remaining hedging
            period. If a hedging relationship ceases to meet the hedge effectiveness requirement relating to the hedge ratio,
            but the risk management objective for that designated hedging relationship remains the same, the Group would
            rebalance the hedging relationship.


            The Group designates such hedged items as debt securities issued with floating interest that expose the Group
            to the risk of variability of its cash flows.


            Certain derivative transactions, while providing effective economic hedges under the Group’s risk management
            positions, do not qualify for hedge accounting and are therefore treated as derivatives held for trading with fair
            value gains or losses recognised in profit or loss. Hedges which meet the strict criteria for hedge accounting are
            accounted for in accordance with the Group’s accounting policy as set out below.


            Fair value hedges
            Fair value hedges are hedges of the Group’s exposure to changes in the fair value of a recognised asset or liability or
            an unrecognised firm commitment, or an identified portion of such an asset, liability or unrecognised firm commitment,
            that is attributable to a particular risk and could affect the profit or loss or other comprehensive income. Among them,
            the circumstances affecting other comprehensive income are limited to the hedging for the risk exposure from fair
            value change of non-trading equity investment designated as at FVOCI. For fair value hedges, the carrying amount of
            the hedged item is adjusted for gains and losses attributable to the risk being hedged, the derivative is remeasured at
            fair value and the gains and losses from both are taken to profit or loss or other comprehensive income. For hedged
            items recorded at amortised cost, the difference between the carrying value of the hedged item and the face value is
            amortised over the remaining term of the original hedge using the effective interest rate method.



232
3   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (4)   Derivative financial instruments and hedge accounting (Continued)
          Fair value hedges (Continued)
          When an unrecognised firm commitment is designated as a hedged item, the subsequent cumulative change in
          the fair value of the firm commitment attributable to the hedged risk is recognised as an asset or liability with a
          corresponding gain or loss recognised in profit or loss. The changes in the fair value of the hedging instrument
          are also recognised in profit or loss.

          The Group discontinues fair value hedge accounting when the hedging relationship ceases to meet the qualifying
          criteria after taking into account any rebalancing of the hedging relationship, including the hedging instrument
          has expired or has been sold, terminated or exercised. If the hedged items are derecognised, the unamortised
          fair value is recorded in profit or loss.

    (5)   Offsetting financial instruments
          Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of financial position
          when there is a current legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts and there is an intention to
          settle on a net basis, or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

    (6)   Margin financing and securities lending services
          Margin financing and securities lending services refer to the lending of funds by the Group to customers for
          purchase of securities, or lending of securities by the Group to customers, for which the customers provide the
          Group with collateral.


          The Group recognises margin accounts at initial recognition, and recognises interest income accordingly.
          Securities lent are not derecognised, but still accounted for as the original financial assets, and interest income is
          recognised accordingly.


          Securities trading on behalf of margin financing or securities lending customers are accounted for as securities
          brokerage business.


          For impairment of financial assets arising from margin financing and securities lending, refer to Note 3(3)(e).


    (7)   Reverse repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements
          Financial assets transferred as collateral in connection with repurchase agreements, involving fixed repurchase
          dates and prices, are not derecognised. They continue to be recorded as original financial assets before
          transferred. The corresponding liability is included in repurchase agreements.


          Consideration paid for financial assets held under agreements to resell are recorded as reverse repurchase
          agreements, the related collateral accepted is not recognised in the consolidated financial statements.


          The difference between the purchase and resale consideration, and that between the sale and repurchase
          consideration, is amortised over the period of the respective transaction using the effective interest method and
          is recognised through interest income or expenses.


          For impairment of reverse repurchase agreements, refer to Note 3(3)(e) and Note 4(5).




                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report     233
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (8)   Subsidiaries
            Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. Control is achieved
            when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has
            the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. When the Group assesses whether it has
            power over an investee, the Group’s voting rights or potential voting rights and other contractual arrangements
            are considered.

      (9)   Associates
            Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to
            participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint control over
            those policies.


            The Group’s investments in associates are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at the
            Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any impairment losses. The Group’s
            share of the post-acquisition results and reserves of associates is included in the consolidated statement of profit
            or loss and consolidated reserves, respectively. Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions between
            the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s investments in the associates.

      (10) Joint ventures
            Joint ventures are all entities over which the Group has joint control. Joint control, is the contractually agreed
            sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require the
            unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.


            The Group’s investments in joint ventures are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at the
            Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any impairment losses. The Group’s
            share of post-acquisition results and reserves of joint ventures is included in the consolidated statement of profit
            or loss and reserves, respectively. Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group
            and its joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s investments in the joint ventures.

      (11) Investment properties
            Investment properties comprise real estate properties for the purpose of earning rental income and/or for capital
            appreciation, including buildings that have been leased out. Subsequent expenditure is capitalised only when it
            is probable that the future economic benefits associated with the expenditure will flow to the Group. Ongoing
            repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred.


            The Group’s investment properties are accounted for using cost model. The initial recognition and subsequent
            measurement of buildings and properties that are leased out are accounted for using the same measurement
            and depreciation methods as those for property, plant and equipment.

            When an investment property is transferred to owner-occupied property, it is reclassified to property, plant and
            equipment with the carrying amount determined at the carrying amount of the investment property at the date of
            the transfer. When an owner-occupied property is transferred out for earning rentals or for capital appreciation,
            the property, plant and equipment is transferred to investment properties with the carrying amount determined at
            the carrying amount at the date of the transfer.


234
3   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (11) Investment properties (Continued)
        An investment property shall be derecognised on disposal or when the investment property is permanently
        withdrawn from use and no future economic benefits are expected from its disposal. When an investment
        property is sold, transferred, retired or damaged, the Group recognises the amount of any proceeds on disposal,
        net of the carrying amount and related expenses, in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

    (12) Property, plant and equipment
        (a)   Recognition criteria for property, plant and equipment
              Property, plant and equipment comprise properties and buildings, transportation vehicles and electronic
              devices that the Group expects to use for more than one year and other tangible assets that are expected
              to be used for more than one year and the unit costs of which are greater than RMB2,000.

        (b)   Property, plant and equipment initially measured at cost
              Cost of an item of purchased property, plant and equipment comprises purchase price, tax and any
              costs directly attributable to bringing the asset to the condition necessary for its intended use and it
              includes transportation costs, installation and assembly costs, and professional service fees. The cost of a
              self-constructed asset comprises all costs incurred before the asset is ready for its intended use.

              Subsequent expenditure incurred for the property and equipment is included in the cost of the property
              and equipment if it is probable that economic benefits associated with the asset will flow to the Group and
              the subsequent expenditure can be measured reliably, while the carrying amount of the replaced part is
              derecognised. Other subsequent expenditure is recognised in the consolidated income statement in the
              period in which they are incurred.

              Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is calculated on the straight-line basis.

              Estimated useful life, depreciation rate and estimated residual value of each item of property, plant and
              equipment which are required by the operation of the Group are as follows:


                                                                                                                                             Estimated
                    Types of property,                                               Estimated                           Monthly                residual
                    plant and equipment                                            useful lives            depreciation rate                 value rate


                    Properties and buildings                                            35 years                     2.262‰                            5%
                    Electronic devices                                                 2–5 years              1.667%–4.167%                             —
                    Transportation vehicles
                      — Leased out                                                             (i)                             (i)                      (i)
                      — Others                                                            5 years                         1.617%                       3%
                    Communication equipment                                               5 years                         1.617%                       3%
                    Office equipment                                                      3 years                         2.778%                         —
                    Security equipment                                                    5 years                         1.617%                       3%
                    Others                                                                5 years                         1.617%                       3%

              (i)       Transportation vehicles that are leased out under operating lease represent aircraft and cargo vessel. The Group determines the
                        useful lives and depreciation method according to conditions of aircraft and cargo vessel. Among transportation vehicles, the
                        estimated useful lives of cargo vessel is 20 years, and the estimated residual value is determined based on the expected residual
                        value; the estimated useful lives of aircraft is 18 years with a monthly depreciation rate of 0.394%, and the estimated residual value
                        rate is 15% of its original cost.



                                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report                    235
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (12) Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
            (b)   Property, plant and equipment initially measured at cost (Continued)
                  The years that property, plant and equipment were already in use upon purchase were excluded when
                  determining the estimated useful lives of these types of property, plant and equipment. The estimated
                  useful lives, the estimated residual value rate and the depreciation method of each type of property, plant
                  and equipment are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each financial year end. Gains and losses
                  on disposal of property, plant and equipment, the costs of disposal and taxes in connection with such
                  disposal are considered in the determination of the estimated residual value rate.

            (c)   Impairment of property, plant and equipment
                  The Group assesses whether there is any indication that assets are impaired at each financial reporting
                  date. When any such indication exists, the Group estimates the recoverable amount. When recoverable
                  amounts of assets are lower than carrying amounts, the Group decreases the carrying amount to
                  recoverable amount, the decreased amount recognised in the consolidated income statement.

                  An impairment loss recognised for property, plant and equipment is not reversed in subsequent periods.

            (d)   Disposal of property, plant and equipment
                  An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognised upon disposal or when no future economic
                  benefits are expected to arise from its continued use. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement
                  of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds
                  and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognised through profit or loss.

            (e)   Construction in progress
                  Costs of construction in progress are determined based on the actual expenditure incurred which include
                  all necessary expenditure incurred during the construction period, borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation
                  and other costs incurred to bring the asset to its intended use.

                  Items classified as construction in progress are transferred to property, plant and equipment when such
                  assets are ready for their intended use.

      (13) Land-use rights and intangible assets
            (a)   Land-use rights
                  Land-use rights acquired by the Group are amortised over the period that is confirmed by the land use permit.

            (b)   Intangible assets
                  Intangible assets are recognised only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the
                  item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item shall be measured reliably, and measured initially at
                  cost. Intangible assets acquired from business combination and their fair value can be measured reliably
                  are recognised as intangible assets individually and measured at their fair value as at date of combination.

                  Useful lives of intangible assets are determined as the period that the assets are expected to generate
                  economic benefits for the Group, and when there is no foreseeable limit on the period of time over which
                  the asset is expected to generate economic benefits for the Group, the intangible assets are regarded as
                  having indefinite useful life.




236
3   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (13) Land-use rights and intangible assets (Continued)
        (b)   Intangible assets (Continued)
              Intangible assets with finite useful lives shall be amortised on a straight-line basis over the useful period.
              The useful lives and amortisation method of the intangible assets with finite useful lives shall be reviewed
              by the Group at least at each financial year end, and adjusted as appropriate. The residual value of an
              intangible asset with a finite useful life shall be assumed to be zero unless there is a commitment by a
              third party to purchase the asset at the end of its useful life, or there is an active market for the asset,
              where residual value can be determined by reference to that market; and it is probable that such a market
              will exist at the end of the asset’s useful life. Impairment for intangible assets not readily for use is also
              assessed annually.

              Software acquired from third party shall be amortised over 5 years. The self-developed software, patents,
              non-patents, trademarks, customer relationships and other intangible assets shall be amortised over their
              useful lives.

              Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives need to be assessed for impairment no matter if there is any
              impairment evidence. These assets need not to be amortised, and their useful lives shall be reviewed each
              reporting date. If there is any evidence to support that the useful lives are definite, these intangible assets
              shall apply the policies of intangible assets with definite useful lives.


              Internal research and development expenses are classified as research phase expense and development
              phase expenses. Expenditure on research phase of an internal project shall be recognised as an expense
              when it is incurred. Development phase expense can be capitalised only an entity can demonstrate all of
              the following:

              (i)     the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;

              (ii)    its intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;

              (iii)   its ability to use or sell the intangible asset;

              (iv)    how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits. Among other things,
                      the entity can demonstrate the existence of a market for the output of the intangible asset or the
                      intangible asset itself or, if it is to be used internally, the usefulness of the intangible asset;

              (v)     the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and
                      to use or sell the intangible asset; and

              (vi)    its ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development.

              The development phase expenses that do not meet the above conditions shall be recognised in profit or
              loss when incurred.




                                                                         CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report         237
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (14) Revenue
            Revenue is recognised when control over a service is transferred to the customer at the amount of promised
            consideration to which the Group is expected to be entitled, excluding those amounts collected on behalf of
            third parties.


            Where the contract contains a variable consideration, the Group estimates the amount of consideration to which
            it will be entitled in exchange for transferring the promised services to a customer and includes in the transaction
            price some or all of the variable consideration estimated, such that revenue is only recognised to the extent that
            it is highly probable that a significant reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur.


            Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the
            customer for more than 12 months, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable,
            discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction with the customer,
            and interest income is accrued separately under the effective interest method. Where the contract contains a
            financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the Group, revenue recognised under
            that contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability under the effective interest method.
            The Group takes advantage of the practical expedient of IFRS 15 and does not adjust the consideration for any
            effects of a significant financing component if the period of financing is 12 months or less.


            Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:


            Revenue from underwriting services is recognised when the Group has fulfilled its obligations under the
            underwriting contract. Depending on contract terms, sponsor fees are recognised progressively over time using
            a method that depicts the Group’s performance, or at a point in time when the service is completed.


            Revenue from the securities brokerage services is recognised on the date of the securities transaction.


            Revenue from asset management services is recognised when management services are provided in accordance
            with the asset management contract.


            Dividend income is recognised when the Group’s right to receive payment has been established.


            Other business revenue mainly comes from the bulk commodities sales of the Group’s commodities trading subsidiaries.


            The Group recognises sales revenue from bulk commodity goods when fulfil the Group’s performance
            obligations in the contract, that is, the revenue is recognised when the customer obtains control of the relevant
            bulk commodity goods.


            In the process of selling goods, the Group, as the primary obligor, has the primary responsibility of providing goods
            and performing orders to customers; the Group is exposed to inventory risk before or after the bulk commodity
            goods have been ordered by a customer; the Group has discretion in establishing prices of bulk commodity goods
            and exposed to credit risk for the amount receivable from customers in exchange for the other party’s goods and
            commodity risk for inventory. The Group satisfies the performance obligation above and recognised revenue in the
            gross amount. When the Group acts as an agent, the net amount of the consideration received or receivable after
            deducting the price payable to other parties shall be recognised as income.


238
3   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (14) Revenue (Continued)
        When the Group recognises revenue in accordance with the progress of completed services, the part of
        unconditional receivables that the Group has acquired will be recognised as accounts receivables, and the rest
        will be recognised as contract assets. The Group identifies loss allowance on the basis of expected credit losses
        for accounts receivable and contractual assets; if the Group’s received consideration or receivable consideration
        exceed the completed services, the excess part will be recognised as contractual liabilities. The Group’s
        contractual assets and liabilities under the same contract are shown in net.


        Interest income of debt investments at amortised costs and FVOCI, is measured by amortised cost and effective
        interest rate; excluding financial assets credit impaired are measured by amortised cost and credit-adjusted
        effective interest rate. The net gains of holding period from financial investments at FVTPL is measured as
        “Investment income”.


    (15) Income tax
        Income tax comprises current tax and deferred income tax. Current tax is the amount of current income tax
        payable calculated based on current taxable income. Taxable income is calculated based on the adjustment to
        the current year pre-tax accounting profit according to the applicable tax laws.


        For current income tax liabilities or current income tax assets generated from the current and prior periods, the
        expected income tax payable or the income tax deduction is calculated according to the applicable tax laws.


        The Group measures deferred income tax using balance sheet liability method according to the temporary
        differences between the carrying amount of an asset or liability at the end of the reporting period and its tax
        base, and the temporary difference between the carrying amount of an item not recognised as an asset or liability
        at the end of the reporting period and its tax base.


        All taxable temporary differences are recognised as deferred income tax liabilities, except:


        (i)    The deferred income tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or of an asset or liability in
               a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the
               accounting profit nor taxable income or deductible expenses; and


        (ii)   In respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and
               joint ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is
               probable that the temporary differences will not be reversed in the foreseeable future.


        Deferred income tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, unused tax credits carried
        forward and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that
        taxable profit will be available against which deductible temporary differences, unused tax credits carried forward
        and unused tax losses can be utilised, except that deferred income tax asset relating to deductible temporary
        differences arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business
        combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable income or
        deductible expenses.


                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report     239
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (15) Income tax (Continued)
            Deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to
            apply to the period when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have
            been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period and reflect the corresponding tax effect.


            The carrying amount of deferred income tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced
            to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable income will be available to allow all or part of
            the deferred income tax asset to be utilised. When it is virtually probable that sufficient taxable income will be
            available, the reduced amount can be reversed accordingly.


      (16) Employee compensation
            Employee compensation refers to all forms of consideration and other related expenditure given or incurred by
            the Group in exchange for services rendered by employees. The benefits payable are recognised as liabilities
            during the period in which the employees have rendered the services to the Group.


            In accordance with the applicable laws and regulations, Chinese Mainland employees of the Group participate
            in various social insurance schemes including basic pension insurance, medical insurance, unemployment
            insurance and housing fund schemes administered by the local government authorities. Contributions to these
            schemes are recognised in profit or loss as incurred.


            All eligible employees outside Chinese Mainland participate in the respective local defined contribution schemes.
            The Group contributes to these defined contribution schemes based on the requirements of the local regulatory
            bodies. The Group and its employees pay corporate annuities in accordance with the relevant PRC regulations.


      (17) Government grants
            Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be
            received and all the attaching conditions will be complied with. Where the Group receives grants of monetary
            assets, the grants are recorded at the amount received or receivable. Where the Group receives grants of non-
            monetary assets, the grants are recorded at the fair value of the non-monetary assets. When fair value cannot be
            reliably measured, they are recognised at nominal amount.


            Government grants for purchasing, building or other development of long-term assets regulated in government
            documents are recognised as government grants related to assets. Judgments should be made based
            on the necessary basic conditions for obtaining the government grants when government documents are
            unclearly stated. Government grants with purchasing, building or other development of long-term assets as
            basic condition are recognised as government grants related to assets, and the remaining type of grants are
            recognised as related to income.


            Government grants related to income which are to compensate relevant expenditures or losses in future periods
            are recognised as deferred income and released to profit or loss during the period when the expense is incurred.
            Government grants that are to compensate the incurred expenses or losses are recognised into profit or loss
            directly. Government grants related to assets are recognised as deferred income, and released to profit or loss
            over the expected useful life of the relevant assets by equal annual instalments. Government grants measured at
            nominal amount are recorded into profit or loss directly.

240
3   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (18) Leases
        As a lessor
        Lease income from operating leases is recognised in income on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease.


        As a lessee
        (a)   Initial measurement of the right-of-use asset and lease liability
              Initial measurement of the right-of-use asset
              The right-of-use asset is defined as the right of underlying assets in the lease term for the Group as a
              lessee. The lease term is defined as the non-cancellable period of the lease for the Group as a lessee.


              At the commencement date, a lessee shall measure the right-of-use asset at cost. The cost of the right-of-
              use asset shall comprise:


              (i)     the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;


              (ii)    any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;


              (iii)   any initial direct costs incurred by the lessee; and


              (iv)    an estimate of costs to be incurred by the lessee in dismantling and removing the underlying asset,
                      restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by
                      the terms and conditions of the lease.


              Initial direct costs are defined as incremental costs that would not have been incurred if a lease had not
              been obtained.


              Initial measurement of the lease liability
              At the commencement date, a lessee shall measure the lease liability at the present value of the lease
              payments that are not paid at that date.


              The lease payments shall be discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease, if that rate can be
              readily determined. If that rate cannot be readily determined, the lessee shall use the lessee’s incremental
              borrowing rate.


              The lessee uses as the discount rate the interest rate implicit in the lease — this is the rate of interest that
              causes the present value of lease payments and the unguaranteed residual value to equal the sum of the
              fair value of the underlying asset and any initial direct costs of the lessor.


              The incremental borrowing rate is defined as the rate of interest that a lessee would have to pay to borrow,
              over a similar term and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to
              the cost of the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment.




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report      241
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (18) Leases (Continued)
            As a lessee (Continued)
            (b) Subsequent measurement of the right-of-use asset and lease liability
                 Subsequent measurement of the right-of-use asset
                 At the commencement date, the Group as a lessee shall measure the right-of-use asset at cost and
                 apply the depreciation requirements in IAS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment in depreciating the right-of-
                 use asset. If the lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset to the lessee by the end of the lease
                 term, the lessee shall depreciate the right-of-use asset from the commencement date to the end of the
                 useful life of the underlying asset. Otherwise, the lessee shall depreciate the right-of-use asset from the
                 commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-use asset or the end of the
                 lease term. When the recoverable amount is less than the book value of the right-to-use assets, the Group
                 shall write down its book value to the recoverable amount.

                  Subsequent measurement of the lease liability
                  After the commencement date, the Group shall recognise interest on the lease liability in profit or loss.
                  Interest on the lease liability in each period during the lease term shall be the amount that produces a
                  constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the lease liability.

            (c)   Recognition of short-term leases and leases for which the underlying asset is of low value
                  Short-term leases are defined as leases with a lease term of less than 12 months from the commencement
                  date. Leases for which the underlying asset is of low value are defined as underlying assets of low value
                  when new. The right-of-use asset and lease liability are not recognised by the Group for short-term leases
                  and leases for which the underlying asset is of low value. The lessee shall recognise the lease payments
                  associated with those leases as an expense.


      (19) Inventories
            Inventories are recognised at cost for initial recognition. The cost of inventories comprises all costs of purchase,
            costs of conversion and other costs.

            At the balance sheet date, inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. When net
            realisable value is lower than the carrying amount, the Group decreases the carrying amount to net realisable
            value. The decreased amount is recognised in profit or loss and corresponding allowance is made.

            Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of
            completion, the estimated costs necessary to make the sale and related taxes.


      (20) Impairment of goodwill
            The Group assesses goodwill acquired from business combination, no matter there is objective evidence of
            impairment or not, impairment should be assessed at each annual financial reporting date.

            The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and the present value of
            the estimated future cash flow expected to be derived from the asset. The Group estimates the recoverable
            amount on the basis of individual asset. When it is difficult to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the
            recoverable value of the cash generating units to which the asset belongs will be estimated. The recognition of a
            group of assets shall base on whether the main cash flow generated by the Group of assets is independent from
            those generated by other assets or groups of assets.


242
3   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (20) Impairment of goodwill (Continued)
        When recoverable amounts of assets or groups of assets are lower than their carrying amounts, the Group
        decreases their carrying amount to recoverable amount. The decreased amounts are recognised in profit or loss
        and corresponding allowances are made.


        For impairment test of goodwill, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date,
        allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units, or groups of cash-generating units when being unable to
        be allocated to each of the cash-generating units. Cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units refer
        to those that can benefit from the synergies of the combination and are not larger than the reportable segment
        determined by the Group.


        When performing impairment test for the (groups of) cash-generating unit to which goodwill is allocated, the
        Group firstly tests the (groups of) cash-generating unit excluding goodwill, calculates the recoverable amount
        and recognises relevant impairment losses. The Group then tests the (groups of) cash-generating units including
        goodwill, and compares the carrying amount and recoverable amount. If the carrying amount exceeds the
        recoverable amount, the amount of impairment loss is firstly deducted from the carrying amount of goodwill
        allocated to the (groups of) cash-generating unit, and then from the carrying amount of each of other assets
        (other than goodwill) within the (groups of) cash-generating unit, on a pro rata basis. An impairment loss
        recognised for goodwill cannot be reversed in subsequent periods.


    (21) Related parties
        A party is considered to be related to the Group if:


        (a)   the party is a person or a close family member of that person and that person


              (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;


              (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or


              (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;


              or


        (b)   the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:


              (i)     the entity and the Group are members of the same group;


              (ii)    one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow
                      subsidiary of the other entity);


              (iii)   the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;


              (iv)    one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and other entity is an associate of the third entity;


                                                                     CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report      243
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (21) Related parties (Continued)
            (b)     the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies: (Continued)


                    (v)     the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an
                            entity related to the Group;


                    (vi)    the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a); or


                    (vii)   a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                            management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).


      (22) Provisions and contingencies
            The obligation pertinent to contingencies shall be recognised as provisions when the following conditions are
            satisfied concurrently:


            (i)     the obligation is a present obligation of the Group;


            (ii)    the obligation is probable to cause a future outflow of resources from the Group as a result of performance
                    of the obligation; and


            (iii)   the amount of the obligation can be reliably measured.


            The amount of a provision is initially measured in accordance with the best estimate of the necessary expenses
            for the performance of the current obligation. To determine the best estimate, the Group takes into full
            consideration of risks, uncertainty, time value of money and other factors pertinent to the contingencies. The
            Group reviews the book value of the provisions at the end of the reporting period. If there is substantial evidence
            that the amount of provisions cannot actually reflect the current best estimate, the Group will adjust the amount
            in accordance with the current best estimate.


            A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed
            only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of
            the entity; or, a present obligation that arises from past events but it is not probable that an outflow of resources
            embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation; or the amount of the obligation cannot be
            measured with sufficient reliability.


      (23) Non-current assets held for sale
            Non-current assets are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will be recovered principally through a
            sale transaction rather than through continuing use and a sale is considered highly probable. They are measured
            at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell, and non-current assets are not depreciated
            or amortised. Interest and other expenses attributable to the liabilities of a disposal group classified as held for
            sale continue to be recognised.




244
3   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (23) Non-current assets held for sale (Continued)
         An impairment loss is recognised for any initial or subsequent write-down of the asset to fair value less costs
         to sell. A gain is recognised for any subsequent increases in fair value less costs to sell of an asset, but not in
         excess of any cumulative impairment loss previously recognised. A gain or loss not previously recognised by the
         date of the sale of the noncurrent asset is recognised at the date of derecognition.

    (24) Perpetual bonds
         Perpetual bonds issued by the Group, which satisfied with the following criteria are classified as equity
         instruments:


         (i)    Financial instruments exclude those are settled on a net basis in cash (or other financial assets);


         (ii)	Financial instruments must or can be settled on own equity: (a) For non-derivative contracts, they exclude
                those are settled gross by delivery of a variable number of own shares; (b) Derivative contracts that result
                in the delivery of a fixed amount of cash or other financial assets for a fixed number of an entity’s own
                equity instruments.


         Dividends for the perpetual bonds, which are classified as equity instruments, are accounted for as profit
         distribution.


    (25) Profit distribution
         After-tax profit for the year is firstly applied to make up for the losses of previous years. Secondly, the Company
         sets aside 10% of after-tax profit for a statutory reserve under surplus reserves, 10% of after-tax profit for a
         general risk reserve under general reserves, and according to the requirements of the CSRC, sets aside 10%
         of after-tax profit for a transaction risk reserve under general reserves. In addition, with the approval from the
         Annual General Meeting, the Company may set aside 5%–10% of after-tax profit for a discretionary reserve after
         setting aside the funds for the various statutory reserves. The remaining after-tax profit is distributed according
         to the resolution approved at the Annual General Meeting. If the aggregate balance of the statutory reserve
         has reached 50% of the Company’s registered capital, appropriation for the statutory reserve is no longer
         mandatory.


         General reserves set aside by the Company are used to make up for any losses arising from securities
         transactions. The Company’s surplus reserves are used to make up for any losses of the Company or as
         additional capital of the Company. However, capital reserve cannot be used to make up for the Company’s
         losses. When the statutory reserve are converted to capital, the balance of the statutory reserve cannot be less
         than 25% of the Company’s registered capital.


         Dividends proposed by the directors are not deducted from equity, until they have been approved by the ordinary
         equity holders in the Annual General Meeting. When these dividends have been approved by the ordinary equity
         holders, they are recognised as a liability.




                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   245
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




4     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
      The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and
      assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and the disclosure of
      contingent liabilities, at the end of the reporting period. However, uncertainty about these judgements assumptions
      and estimates could result in outcomes that could require an adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or
      liabilities.

      (1)   Impairment of goodwill
            The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis, which requires significant
            judgement. This involves an estimation of the recoverable amount of the cash-generating units to which the
            goodwill is allocated. The recoverable amount is the higher of a cash-generating unit’s fair value less costs to sell
            and its value in use.

      (2)   Income tax
            Determining provisions for income tax requires the Group to estimate the future tax treatment of certain
            transactions. The Group carefully evaluates tax implications of transactions in accordance with prevailing tax
            regulations and provides for taxes accordingly. In addition, deferred income tax assets are recognised to the
            extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary
            differences can be utilised. This requires significant judgement of the tax treatments of certain transactions and
            also significant estimation of the probability that adequate future taxable profits will be available for the deferred
            income tax assets to be recovered.

      (3)   Fair value of financial instruments
            If the market for a financial instrument is not active, the Group estimates fair value by using a valuation technique.
            Valuation techniques include using recent prices in arm’s length market transactions between knowledgeable
            and willing parties, if available, reference to the current fair value of another instrument that is substantially
            the same, or discounted cash flow analyses and option pricing models. To the extent practicable, valuation
            technique makes the maximum use of observable market inputs. However, where observable market inputs are
            not available, management needs to make estimates and use alternatives on such unobservable market inputs.

      (4)   Consolidation of structured entities
            Management makes significant judgment on whether the Group controls and therefore is required to consolidate its
            structured entities. The decision outcome impacts the financial and operational results of the Group.


            When assessing control, the Group considers: 1) the level of power of the Group over the investee; 2) variable
            returns gained through participation of relevant activities of the investee; and 3) the ability of the Group in using
            its power over the investee to affect its return.


            When assessing the level of power over the structured entities, the Group considers the following four aspects:

            (i)     the degree of participation when establishing the structured entities;

            (ii)    contractual arrangements;

            (iii)   activities that take place only at special occasions or events;

            (iv)    commitments made to the investee from the Group.

246
4   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)
    (4)   Consolidation of structured entities (Continued)
          When assessing whether there is control over the structured entities, the Group also considers whether it’s
          acting as a principal or as an agent. Aspects of considerations normally include the decision making power over
          the structured entities, substantive rights enjoyed by the other third parties, level of reward to the Group, and
          exposure to variable risks and returns from owning other benefits of the structured entities.


    (5)   Measurement of the expected credit loss allowance
          Expected credit loss measurement
          The measurement of the expected credit loss allowance for debt instruments measured at amortised cost and
          FVOCI is an area that requires the use of models and assumptions about future economic conditions and credit
          behaviour of the client (such as the likelihood of customers defaulting and the resulting losses).


          A number of significant judgements are also required in applying the accounting requirements for measuring
          expected credit losses (ECL), such as:

          —    Determining criteria for significant increase in credit risk, definition of default and credit impairment;

          —    Choosing appropriate models and assumptions for the measurement of ECL;

          —    Projection of macroeconomic variables for forward-looking scenarios.

          Inputs, assumptions and estimation techniques
          The Group assesses ECL after taking into consideration of forward looking factors. For debt securities
          investments, ECL are the discounted product of the Probability of Default (“PD”), Exposure at Default
          (“EAD”), and Loss Given Default (“LGD”). For margin accounts, stock-pledged repo under reverse repurchase
          agreements, ECL are the discounted product of the EAD and Loss Ratio (“LR”).

          Forward-looking information incorporated in the ECL model
          A pervasive concept in measuring ECL in accordance with IFRS9 is that it should consider forward-looking
          information. The assessment of SICR and the calculation of ECL both incorporated forward-looking information.
          The Group has performed historical data and identified the key economic variables impacting credit risk and ECL
          for each financial instrument portfolio. These economic variables and their associated impact on the PD vary by
          product type. The impact of these economic variables on the PD has been determined by performing statistical
          regression analysis to understand the impact changes in these variables have had historically on default rates.

          Details of the significant accounting judgements and estimates above please refer to Note 58(a).

    (6)   Classification of financial assets
          When the Group determines the classification of financial assets, a number of significant judgements in the
          business model and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial assets are required.

          Factors considered by the Group in determining the business model for a group of financial assets include past
          experience on how the cash flows for these assets were collected, how the asset’s performance is evaluated and
          reported to key management personnel, how risks are assessed and managed and how managers are compensated.



                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report      247
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




4     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)
      (6)   Classification of financial assets (Continued)
            When the Group assesses whether the contractual cash flows of the financial assets are consistent with basic lending
            arrangements, the main judgements are described as below: whether the principal amount may change over the life
            of the financial asset (for example, if there are prepayments); whether the interest includes only consideration for the
            time value of money, credit risk, other basic lending risks and a profit margin and cost, associated with holding the
            financial asset for a particular period of time.


5     TAXATION
      According to relevant tax policies, the most significant categories of taxes which the Company is currently subjected to
      are as follows:


      (1)   Income tax
            From 1 January 2008, the “Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC” and the “Regulations on the Implementation
            of Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC” became effective for the Company. Income tax computation and
            payment are governed by the “Announcement of the State Administration of Taxation on Printing and Distributing
            Administrative Measures for Collection of Consolidated Payments of Enterprise Income Tax by Enterprises with
            Multi-Location Operations” (Public Notice of the State Administration of Taxation [2012] No. 57). The income
            tax rate applicable to the Company and its major domestic subsidiaries is 25%. Hong Kong and overseas
            subsidiaries pay taxes according to the applicable tax rate in the territory where their tax residency is located.


      (2)   Value added tax
            Pursuant to the “Circular regarding the Comprehensive Implementation of the Pilot Programs for Transformation
            from Business Taxes to Value-added Taxes (the “VAT Pilot Programs”)” (Cai Shui [2016] No. 36), the “Circular
            regarding Further Clarification of Relevant Policies Applicable to the Financial Sector in the Comprehensive
            Implementation of the VAT Pilot Programs (Cai Shui [2016] No. 46), the “Supplementary Circular regarding VAT
            Policies Applicable to Transactions between Financial Institutions” (Cai Shui [2016] No. 70) issued by the Ministry
            of Finance (the “MOF”) and the State Administration of Taxation (the “SAT”) of the PRC, effective from 1 May
            2016, the Group is subject to value-added taxes on its income from principal businesses at 6%.


            In accordance with the “Circular regarding the Value-added Taxes Policies for Financial, Real Estate
            Development and Education Ancillary and Other Services” (Cai Shui [2016] No. 140), the “Supplementary Circular
            regarding Issues concerning Value-added Taxes Policies for Asset Management Products” (Cai Shui [2017] No.
            2) and the “Circular on the Relevant Issues concerning Value-added Tax Levied on Asset Management Products”
            (Cai Shui [2017] No. 56), the Group shall pay VAT at rate of 3% for related asset management taxable activities
            undertaken after 1 January 2018.


      (3)   Vehicle and vessel taxes, property taxes and stamp duties are levied in accordance with the provisions of the
            relevant tax laws and regulations.


      (4)   Urban maintenance and construction taxes, education surcharges and local education surcharges are levied at
            5%/7%, 3% and 2%, respectively, of the payable amount of relevant turnover taxes.




248
6   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
    For management purposes, the Group’s operating businesses are structured and managed separately according to
    the nature of their operations and the services they provide. Each of the Group’s operating segments represents a
    strategic business engaged in the following activities, which are subject to risks and returns that are different from the
    other operating segments.


    Investment Banking — Securities placement and underwriting activities, and financial advisory services;


    Brokerage — Securities and futures dealing and brokerage, as well as the sale of financial products as agent;


    Trading — Equity, fixed income and derivatives trading and market-making, margin financing and securities lending
    and alternative investment activities;


    Asset Management — Asset management services to asset management, plans, fund management and other
    investment account management; and


    Others — Private equity investment, principal investment, bulk commodity trading and other financial activities.


    Management monitors the results of the Group’s operating segments for the purposes of resource allocation and
    operating decision-making. Operating segment performance is measured consistently, and on the same basis as,
    operating profit or loss in the Group’s consolidated financial statements.




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report    249
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




6     OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
      Income taxes are managed as a whole and are not allocated to operating segments.


                                        Investment                                     Assets
       2023                                   banking    Brokerage      Trading management         Others          Total


       Segment revenue and
         other income
         Fee and commission
         income                           6,757,688      15,420,587     471,401     10,373,261    724,077     33,747,014
         Interest income                        2,929     6,464,538   14,604,382      238,428     298,674     21,608,951
         Investment income                      1,903      109,042    19,021,021      370,409    2,343,409    21,845,784
         Other income                            (389)     464,974       48,723       161,863    5,848,120     6,523,291


       Subtotal                           6,762,131      22,459,141   34,145,527    11,143,961   9,214,280    83,725,040


       Operating expenses                 4,250,944      18,948,562   21,158,078     6,481,201   7,342,263    58,181,048
         Including: Finance costs                 44      1,827,763   14,486,436      172,624    1,092,993    17,579,860
                    Expected
                       credit losses               —           884      (349,534)        3,885     (20,071)     (364,836)
                    Impairment
                       losses on
                       other assets                —           125            —             —       8,164          8,289


       Operating profit                   2,511,187       3,510,579   12,987,449     4,662,760   1,872,017    25,543,992
       Share of profits and losses
         of associates and
         joint ventures                            —             —            —             —     641,461       641,461


       Profit before income tax           2,511,187       3,510,579   12,987,449     4,662,760   2,513,478    26,185,453


       Income tax expenses                                                                                     5,646,108


       Profit for the year                                                                                    20,539,345


       Other segment information:
         Depreciation and
         amortisation                          98,527      904,955       98,998       274,242     591,681      1,968,403
         Capital expenditure                  448,509      536,793      263,164       178,433     152,874      1,579,773




250
6   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
                                    Investment                                    Assets
    2022                              banking     Brokerage        Trading   management           Others            Total


    Segment revenue and
      other income
      Fee and commission
      income                        8,914,805    16,140,287       435,334     11,493,259        961,528     37,945,213
      Interest income                     522     6,014,565    14,183,195        197,901        627,627     21,023,810
      Investment income                    —       708,348     13,951,550        495,909      2,480,501     17,636,308
      Other income                      4,759      559,984        376,184        118,910      8,276,092      9,335,929


    Subtotal                        8,920,086    23,423,184    28,946,263     12,305,979     12,345,748     85,941,260


    Operating expenses              4,007,049    19,474,215    18,078,771      6,556,760      9,547,651     57,664,446
      Including: Finance costs             —      1,800,021    12,935,037         74,498        408,466     15,218,022
                 Expected
                    credit losses        (676)        7,589      (728,142)        (10,019)       33,064        (698,184)
                 Impairment
                    losses on
                    other assets           —             —             —           2,934        511,238        514,172


    Operating profit                4,913,037     3,948,969    10,867,492      5,749,219      2,798,097     28,276,814
    Share of profits and losses
      of associates and
      joint ventures                       —             —             —               —        673,390        673,390


    Profit before income tax        4,913,037     3,948,969    10,867,492      5,749,219      3,471,487     28,950,204


    Income tax expenses                                                                                      6,781,417


    Profit for the year                                                                                     22,168,787


    Other segment information:
      Depreciation and
      amortisation                     80,583      763,898         83,226        205,001        605,593      1,738,301
      Capital expenditure             495,531      329,031        131,818        156,728        190,912      1,304,020




                                                              CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report    251
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




7     INTEREST INCOME

                                                                                             2023           2022


       Interest income on margin and other financing                                   10,105,333     10,328,113
       Interest income on financial institutions                                        8,989,861      8,987,521
       Interest income on debt instruments at fair value through
          other comprehensive income                                                    2,056,146      1,491,050
       Others                                                                             457,611        217,126


       Total                                                                           21,608,951     21,023,810


8     INVESTMENT INCOME

                                                                                             2023           2022


       Net gains/(losses) from financial assets at fair value through
          profit or loss (Mandatory)                                                   33,052,967     (27,731,178)
       Net (losses)/gains from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
          (Designated)                                                                   (804,298)       942,362
       Net gains from disposal of debt instruments at fair value through
          other comprehensive income                                                      980,535        256,582
       Dividend income from financial assets at fair value through
          other comprehensive income                                                       18,264              —
       Net gains from financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss          771,834      2,417,689
       Net (losses)/gains from derivatives and others                                  (12,173,518)   41,750,853


       Total                                                                           21,845,784     17,636,308


9     OTHER INCOME

                                                                                             2023           2022


       Foreign exchange gains                                                             534,699        883,524
       Government grants                                                                  389,241        350,816
       Lease income                                                                       215,453        218,430
       Others                                                                             483,425        510,792


       Total                                                                            1,622,818      1,963,562




252
10 OPERATING EXPENSES

                                                                                             2023                2022


   Fee and commission expenses:
     — Commission expenses                                                             6,183,059         5,717,551
     — Others                                                                            362,019           284,852


   Total                                                                               6,545,078         6,002,403



                                                                                             2023                2022


   Finance costs:
     — Due to banks and other financial institutions                                   8,891,799         6,028,752
     — Debt instruments issued and short-term financing instruments payable            5,549,374         5,862,650
     — Customer brokerage deposits                                                     1,675,224         1,647,599
     — Others                                                                          1,463,463         1,679,021


   Total                                                                              17,579,860        15,218,022



                                                                                             2023                2022


   Staff costs (including directors’, supervisors’ and
     senior executives’ remuneration):
     — Salaries and bonuses                                                           16,356,410        17,470,041
     — Staff benefits                                                                  2,442,521         2,116,590
     — Contributions to defined contribution schemes (i)                               1,987,419         1,587,340


   Total                                                                              20,786,350        21,173,971




                                                           CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report    253
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




10 OPERATING EXPENSES (Continued)
      (i)   Retirement benefits are included herein and their nature is described below:
            Full-time employees of the Group in Chinese Mainland are covered by various government-sponsored retirement
            plans comprised of contributions to basic retirement benefits and enterprise annuity, under which the employees
            are entitled to a monthly pension. Relevant government agencies determine the amount of pension benefits and
            are responsible for the related pension liabilities to eligible retired employees. The Group is required to make
            monthly contributions to the government related to these government-sponsored retirement plans for active
            employees. The Group has no obligation for post-retirement benefits beyond these contributions, which are
            expensed as incurred.


            In addition, the Group participates in various defined contribution retirement schemes for its qualified employees
            in certain countries or regions outside of Chinese Mainland according to local labor law.


                                                                                                        2023           2022


               Other operating expenses and costs:
                   — Fund distribution and administration                                       1,546,183         1,765,610
                   — Electronic device operating expenditure                                    1,355,560           965,451
                   — Travel expenses                                                              620,336           291,594
                   — Business promotion fee                                                       504,692           476,986
                   — Consulting expense                                                           378,116           484,982
                   — Postal and communication                                                     334,020           368,739
                   — Rental                                                                       272,843           241,534
                   — Amortisation of intangible assets                                            265,752           289,669
                   — Utilities expenses                                                           203,679           170,317
                   — Auditors’ remuneration (ii)                                                   47,112            53,510
                   — Others                                                                     1,398,776         1,393,481


               Total                                                                            6,927,069         6,501,873

            (ii)    This includes audit service fees of RMB28 million (2022: RMB35 million).




254
11 DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ REMUNERATION
   Details of the directors’, supervisors’ and senior executives’ remuneration before tax, as disclosed pursuant to
   the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and the Hong Kong
   Companies Ordinance, are as follows:


                                                                                                     2023
                                                                                                                     Contribution               Total
                                                                 Salaries and       Discretionary                   to retirement     remuneration
    Name            Position                                      allowances             bonuses            Fees benefit schemes          before tax
                                                                           (1)                 (2)            (3)              (4) (5)=(1)+(2)+(3)+(4)


    Zhang Youjun    Executive Director, Chairman                        2,395               2,162             —                490              5,047
    Yang Minghui    Executive Director, President and                   2,155               2,644             —                490              5,289
                       Executive Member
    Zhang Lin       Non-executive Director                                 —                   —              —                 —                  —
    Fu Linfang      Non-executive Director                                 —                   —              —                 —                  —
    Zhao Xianxin    Non-executive Director                                 —                   —              —                 —                  —
    Wang Shuhui     Non-executive Director                                 —                   —              —                 —                  —
    Li Qing         Independent non-executive director                     —                   —             305                —                 305
    Shi Qingchun    Independent non-executive director                     —                   —             310                —                 310
    Zhang Jianhua   Independent non-executive director                     —                   —             315                —                 315
    Zhang Changyi   Supervisor and Chairman of the Supervisory          1,554               2,812             —                489              4,855
                       Committee
    Guo Zhao        Supervisor                                             —                   —             210                —                 210
    Rao Geping      Supervisor                                             —                   —             215                —                 215
    Niu Xuekun      Employee representative supervisor                    885                 930             —                349              2,164
    Yang Liqiang    Employee representative supervisor                  1,048               2,008             —                453              3,509

                                                                        8,037              10,556        1,355                2,271            22,219




                                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report              255
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




11 DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ REMUNERATION (Continued)

                                                                                                    2022
                                                                                                                       Contribution                 Total
                                                                    Salaries and    Discretionary                     to retirement        remuneration
       Name            Position                                      allowances         bonuses            Fees    benefit schemes             before tax
                                                                              (1)             (2)            (3)                 (4)   (5)=(1)+(2)+(3)+(4)


       Zhang Youjun    Executive Director, Chairman                       2,393            2,932             —                  289                5,614
       Yang Minghui    Executive Director, President and                  2,155            2,250             —                  289                4,694
                          Executive Member
       Zhang Lin       Non-executive Director                                —                —             —                    —                    —
       Fu Linfang      Non-executive Director                                —                —             —                    —                    —
       Zhao Xianxin    Non-executive Director                                —                —             —                    —                    —
       Wang Shuhui     Non-executive Director                                —                —             —                    —                    —
       Li Qing         Independent non-executive director                    —                —            300                   —                   300
       Shi Qingchun    Independent non-executive director                    —                —            225                   —                   225
       Zhang Jianhua   Independent non-executive director                    —                —             —                    —                    —
       Zhang Changyi   Supervisor and Chairman of the Supervisory         1,555            2,812            —                   287                4,654
                          Committee
       Guo Zhao        Supervisor                                            —                —            200                   —                   200
       Rao Geping      Supervisor                                            —                —            205                   —                   205
       Niu Xuekun      Employee representative supervisor                   858            1,300            —                   210                2,368
       Yang Liqiang    Employee representative supervisor                    —                —             —                    —                    —
       Song Kangle     Former Non-executive Director                         —                —             —                    —                    —
       Liu Ke          Former independent non-executive director             —                —             25                   —                    25
       Zhou Zhonghui   Former independent non-executive director             —                —            300                   —                   300
       Li Ning         Former supervisor representing Employees           2,293            2,370            —                   262                4,925

                                                                          9,254          11,664        1,255                  1,337              23,510

      In 2023, in addition to the remuneration listed above, directors and supervisors also received the following
      pre-tax deferred bonuses attributable to 2022 and previous years during the reporting period: RMB0.60 million for Niu
      Xuekun, RMB1.60 million for Yang Liqiang, RMB3.56 million for YANG Minghui, RMB2.70 million for ZHANG Changyi,
      RMB3.70 million for ZHANG Youjun.


      In 2022, in addition to the remuneration listed above, directors and supervisors also received the following pre-tax
      deferred bonuses attributable to 2021 and previous years during the reporting period: RMB5.20 million for YANG
      Minghui (including RMB2.50 million received from the Company and RMB2.70 million received from the Company’s
      holding subsidiary China AMC), RMB0.80 million for ZHANG Changyi.


      During the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, no special emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the
      persons who are directors or supervisors as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for
      loss of office. There were no other retirement benefits for directors or supervisors.


      During the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, there were no consideration provided to third parties for making
      available directors’ or supervisor’s services.



256
11 DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ REMUNERATION (Continued)
   During the years ended 31 December 2023 and 2022, no significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in
   relation to the Group’s business to which the Company was a party and in which a director of the Company had
   a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.
   In addition, the Group did not provide any the guarantees or securities to certain controlled body corporates and
   connected entities of the Directors or Supervisors in respect of their loans, quasi-loans or credit transactions.


12 FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
   The Group’s five highest paid employees during the year did not include any directors and supervisors (2022: did
   not include any directors and supervisors). Details of the remuneration of the 5 (2022: five) non-director and non-
   supervisor highest paid employees for the year are as follows:


                                                                                                                    2023                  2022


    Salaries, allowances and other benefits                                                                       15,512               16,018
    Discretionary bonuses                                                                                         57,375               65,894
    Termination compensation                                                                                            —                    —


    Total                                                                                                         72,887               81,912

   The number of these individuals whose remuneration fell within the following bands is set out below:


                                                                                                             Number of employees
                                                                                                                    2023                  2022


    RMB13,000,001 to RMB14,000,000                                                                                       1                   —
    RMB14,000,001 to RMB15,000,000                                                                                       2                   —
    RMB15,000,001 to RMB15,500,000                                                                                       1                    2
    RMB15,500,001 to RMB16,000,000                                                                                       1                    1
    RMB16,000,001 to RMB20,000,000                                                                                      —                     2


    Total                                                                                                                5                    5

   Note: during the year of 2023, the emoluments paid by the Group to these non-director and non-supervisor individuals were based on the services
         provided to the Group by these individuals.




                                                                            CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report             257
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




13 EXPECTED CREDIT LOSSES

                                                                               2023          2022


       Margin accounts                                                      (610,085)    (822,255)
       Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
            (debt instruments)                                             1,026,679      475,712
       Reverse repurchase agreements                                        (729,133)    (262,150)
       Other assets                                                          32,409        (32,893)
       Others                                                                (84,706)      (56,598)


       Total                                                                (364,836)    (698,184)


14 IMPAIRMENT LOSSES ON OTHER ASSETS

                                                                               2023          2022


       Impairment losses on bulk commodity trading inventory                   8,164      192,113
       Impairment losses on goodwill (Note 21)                                    —       319,125
       Others                                                                   125         2,934


       Total                                                                   8,289      514,172


15 INCOME TAX EXPENSE
      (a)    Income tax


                                                                               2023          2022


               Current income tax expense
                 — Chinese Mainland                                        3,966,919    8,094,474
                 — Outside Chinese Mainland                                 336,959       447,573
               Deferred income tax expense                                 1,342,230    (1,760,630)


               Total                                                       5,646,108    6,781,417




258
15 INCOME TAX EXPENSE (Continued)
   (b)   Reconciliation between income tax and accounting profit
         The PRC income tax has been provided at the statutory rate of 25%, in accordance with the relevant tax laws
         in Chinese Mainland. Taxes on profits assessable elsewhere have been calculated at the applicable rates of tax
         prevailing in the countries/regions in which the Group operates, based on existing legislation, interpretations and
         practices in respect thereof. The reconciliation of the income tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the
         PRC statutory income tax rate to income tax expense at the Group’s effective income tax rate is as follows:


                                                                                                     2023                2022


          Profit before income tax                                                            26,185,453        28,950,204


          Tax at the PRC statutory income tax rate                                             6,546,363         7,237,551
          Effects of different applicable rates of tax prevailing in various regions             (243,058)           31,222
          Non-deductible expenses                                                                  67,659          156,443
          Non-taxable income                                                                     (522,913)         (586,424)
          Adjustments in respect of current and deferred income tax of prior years               (132,092)          (46,721)
          Others                                                                                  (69,851)          (10,654)


          Tax expense at the Group’s effective income tax rate                                 5,646,108         6,781,417


16 PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE COMPANY
   The profit attributable to the Company for the year ended 31 December 2023 amounted to RMB13,364 million (2022:
   RMB15,946 million), which has been dealt with in the financial statements of the Company (Note 60).


17 DIVIDENDS

                                                                                                     2023                2022


    Dividends on ordinary shares proposed but not paid                                         7,039,760         7,262,068


    Dividends on ordinary shares paid                                                          7,262,068         8,003,095


    Distribution to other equity instrument holders (Note 18(1))                                 525,163           497,209

   Dividends on ordinary shares proposed for approval were RMB0.475 yuan per share for the year ended 31 December
   2023 (2022: RMB0.49 yuan per share).


   Dividends proposed by the directors are not deducted from equity, until they have been approved by the shareholders
   in the general meeting. When these dividends have been approved by the shareholders and declared, they are
   recognised as a liability.




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report    259
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




18 EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE PARENT
      The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:


                                                                                                                           2023                  2022


        Earnings:
        Profit attributable to Owners of the Parent                                                                19,720,547            21,317,422
        Less: Profit for the year attributable to other equity holders of the Company(1)                              525,163               497,209

        Profit attributable to ordinary share holders of the Company                                               19,195,384            20,820,213


        Shares:
        Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousand)                                             14,820,547            14,713,385


        Basic and diluted earnings per share (in RMB yuan)                                                                  1.30                  1.42

      There were no dilutive shares during the year ended 31 December 2023 (2022: None).


      Basic earnings per share was calculated by dividing profit for the year attributable to holders of ordinary shares by the
      weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding.

      (1)   As at 31 December 2023, there were five tranches of perpetual subordinated bonds existed under the terms and conditions as detailed in Note
            50 Other Equity Instruments. For the purpose of calculating basic earnings per ordinary share, profit attributable to other equity holders was
            deducted from the profit attributable to Owners of the Parent.




260
19 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                 Properties Communication       Office                 Security   Electronic                         Construction
                               and buildings   equipment    equipment    Vehicles    equipment      devices    Others     Subtotal    in progress        Total


   31 December 2023

   Cost
    31 December 2022              5,974,394        73,764     306,640    2,536,172      10,863    3,074,388    22,821   11,999,042      1,579,834   13,578,876
    Increases                        14,905         9,180      55,045        2,456         774      636,120        73      718,553        608,845    1,327,398
    Decreases                         4,619         2,339      22,482          769       1,408      136,167       685      168,469        137,928      306,397
    Effect of exchange
     rate changes                    3,009           693         1,014     40,282            —       17,759        —       62,757              —       62,757

    31 December 2023              5,987,689        81,298     340,217    2,578,141      10,229    3,592,100    22,209   12,611,883      2,050,751   14,662,634

   Accumulated depreciation
     31 December 2022             1,583,708        62,019     253,771     836,184         9,428   2,440,507    21,950    5,207,567             —     5,207,567
     Increases                      175,635         4,685      33,083     130,006           581     345,636        12      689,638             —       689,638
     Decreases                        4,553         2,308      21,359         746         1,361     134,719       663      165,709             —       165,709
     Effect of exchange
     rate changes                    2,333           563          617      13,474            —       15,958        —       32,945              —       32,945

    31 December 2023              1,757,123        64,959     266,112     978,918         8,648   2,667,382    21,299    5,764,441             —     5,764,441

   Allowances for impairment
     31 December 2022                1,525             —            —      87,468            —           —         —       88,993              —       88,993
     Increases                          —              —            —          —             —           —         —           —               —           —
     Decreases                          —              —            —          —             —           —         —           —               —           —
     Effect of exchange
     rate changes                        —             —            —       1,483            —           —         —         1,483             —         1,483

    31 December 2023                 1,525             —            —      88,951            —           —         —       90,476              —       90,476

   Net carrying amount
    31 December 2023              4,229,041        16,339      74,105    1,510,272        1,581     924,718      910     6,756,966      2,050,751    8,807,717

    31 December 2022              4,389,161        11,745      52,869    1,612,520        1,435     633,881      871     6,702,482      1,579,834    8,282,316




                                                                                     CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report                 261
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




19 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
                                      Properties Communication       Office                 Security   Electronic                          Construction
                                   and buildings     equipment   equipment     Vehicles   equipment      devices    Others      Subtotal    in progress        Total


       31 December 2022


       Cost
        31 December 2021             5,943,880          65,707    278,175     2,338,532     11,049     2,702,391    29,239    11,368,973     1,178,524    12,547,497
        Increases                        30,130          9,828     40,210        6,281          108     437,725         —       524,282        520,481     1,044,763
        Decreases                         9,176          5,226     14,478        9,226          294     156,230      6,411      201,041        119,171      320,212
        Effect of exchange
         rate changes                     9,560          3,455       2,733     200,585           —       90,502         (7)     306,828             —       306,828


        31 December 2022             5,974,394          73,764    306,640     2,536,172     10,863     3,074,388    22,821    11,999,042     1,579,834    13,578,876


       Accumulated depreciation
        31 December 2021             1,404,321          60,491    247,006      662,402        8,982    2,253,879    28,456     4,665,537            —      4,665,537
        Increases                      179,437           3,393     18,590      124,580          727     250,588       237       577,552             —       577,552
        Decreases                         8,877          4,986     14,085        9,013          281     145,535      6,742      189,519             —       189,519
        Effect of exchange
         rate changes                     8,827          3,121       2,260      58,215           —       81,575         (1)     153,997             —       153,997


        31 December 2022             1,583,708          62,019    253,771      836,184        9,428    2,440,507    21,950     5,207,567            —      5,207,567


       Allowances for impairment
        31 December 2021                  1,525             —           —       80,072           —             3        —        81,600             —        81,600
        Increases                            —              —           —            —           —            —         —             —             —             —
        Decreases                            —              —           —            —           —             3        —             3             —             3
        Effect of exchange
         rate changes                        —              —           —        7,396           —            —         —          7,396            —          7,396


        31 December 2022                  1,525             —           —       87,468           —            —         —        88,993             —        88,993


       Net carrying amount
        31 December 2022             4,389,161          11,745     52,869     1,612,520       1,435     633,881       871      6,702,482     1,579,834     8,282,316


        31 December 2021             4,538,034           5,216     31,169     1,596,058       2,067     448,509       783      6,621,836     1,178,524     7,800,360




262
20 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                                               Properties and
   31 December 2023                                                                    Building


   Cost
     31 December 2022                                                                1,386,302
     Increases                                                                                  —
     Decreases                                                                           61,563
     Effect of exchange rate changes                                                     20,438


     31 December 2023                                                                1,345,177


   Accumulated depreciation
     31 December 2022                                                                  322,615
     Increases                                                                           35,803
     Decreases                                                                               5,553
     Effect of exchange rate changes                                                         1,902


     31 December 2023                                                                  354,767


   Allowances for impairment
     31 December 2022                                                                  109,690
     Increases                                                                                  —
     Decreases                                                                           31,642
     Effect of exchange rate changes                                                         7,857


     31 December 2023                                                                    85,905


   Net carrying amount
     31 December 2023                                                                  904,505


     31 December 2022                                                                  953,997




                                       CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report     263
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




20 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
                                                   Properties and
       31 December 2022                                  Building


       Cost
          31 December 2021                             1,354,795
          Increases                                       39,238
          Decreases                                           —
          Effect of exchange rate changes                 (7,731)


          31 December 2022                             1,386,302


       Accumulated depreciation and amortisation
          31 December 2021                               288,383
          Increases                                       34,681
          Decreases                                           —
          Effect of exchange rate changes                   (449)


          31 December 2022                               322,615


       Allowances for impairment
          31 December 2021                               109,551
          Increases                                        2,934
          Decreases                                           —
          Effect of exchange rate changes                 (2,795)


          31 December 2022                               109,690


       Net carrying amount
          31 December 2022                               953,997


          31 December 2021                               956,861




264
21 GOODWILL
                                                                                                                  31 December
                                                                                                                   2023                 2022


      Carrying amount at the beginning of the year:
        Cost                                                                                               11,893,539           11,655,647
        Less: Accumulated impairment                                                                         3,461,972            2,979,674


        Net carrying amount                                                                                  8,431,567            8,675,973


      Movements during the year:
        Additions and effect of exchange rate changes                                                           42,378              237,892
        Impairment and effect of exchange rate changes*                                                        (34,421)            (482,298)


      Carrying amount at the end of the year:
        Cost                                                                                               11,935,917           11,893,539
        Less: Accumulated impairment                                                                         3,496,393            3,461,972


        Net carrying amount                                                                                  8,439,524            8,431,567

  *       As at 31 December 2023, the balance of impairment provision decreased by RMB34 million due to exchange rate changes (31 December 2022:
          decreased by RMB163 million).



                                                                                                                  31 December
                                                                                                                   2023                 2022


      China Asset Management Co., Ltd. (China AMC)                                                           7,418,587            7,418,587
      CITIC Securities International Company Limited (CSI)                                                     603,211              595,254
      CITIC Futures Co., Ltd. (CITIC Futures)                                                                  193,826              193,826
      CITIC Securities South China Company Limited (CITIC Securities (South China))                             91,725               91,725
      CITIC Securities (Shandong) Co., Ltd. (CITIC Securities (Shandong))                                       88,675               88,675
      CITIC Securities Company Limited                                                                          43,500               43,500


      Total                                                                                                  8,439,524            8,431,567


  As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s carrying amount of goodwill was RMB8,440 million (31 December 2022:
  RMB8,432 million), primarily resulted from the acquisition of China AMC and the acquisition of CLSA B.V. (“CLSA”)
  through CSI. Among which, the carrying amount of goodwill of China AMC was RMB7,419 million (31 December 2022:
  RMB7,419 million) and the carrying amount of goodwill of CSI was RMB603 million (31 December 2022: RMB595 million).


  In terms of the goodwill acquired from business combination, impairment should be assessed by the Group at each
  annual financial reporting date. The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and
  the present value of the estimated future cash flow expected to be derived from the asset (value in use, “VIU”).



                                                                           CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report            265
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




21 GOODWILL (Continued)
      The Group recognizes a CGUs or a Group of CGUs on whether the cash flows of the business output units are
      independent. For China AMC, CITIC Futures, CITIC Securities (South China) and CITIC Securities (Shandong), the
      Group considers that the cash flows generated by each of the above subsidiaries are independent, and therefore each
      of the acquired subsidiaries is a separate CGU and is tested separately for impairment testing. For CSI, the Group
      allocated the goodwill to the groups of CGUs including Equity Derivatives (“EQD”), Fixed Income, Investment Banking
      (“IB”), etc., and tested each group of CGUs’ impairment separately.


      The recoverable amount of each of the above-mentioned CGUs or groups of CGUs is determined based on VIU,
      which is calculated through a discounted cash flow model based on approved operating plans and a discount rate
      that reflects the risks specific to the underlying groups of CGUs. The cash flow after the forecast period is extrapolated
      according to a stable growth rate and a terminal value.


      As at 31 December 2023, taking into consideration the actual financial position of China AMC, the Group applied
      the forecast period is from 2024 to 2028. The average income growth rate in forecast period ranging from 1.00%
      to 2.00% (31 December 2022: 1.00% to 3.90%). The profit margins in forecast period is 27.04% (31 December
      2022: 28.90%). The discount rate is 15.49% (31 December 2022: 16.51%). The terminal value growth rate was
      2.00% (31 December 2022: 2.00%). The VIU is RMB29,431 million (31 December 2022: RMB30,126 million), when
      performing the goodwill impairment test.


      As at 31 December 2023, taking into consideration the actual financial position of CSI, the Group applied the
      forecast period is from 2024 to 2028. The average income growth rate in forecast period ranging from 4.70% to
      56.97% (31 December 2022: 5.23% to 32.43%). The profit margins in forecast period ranging from 8.26% to 41.20%
      (31 December 2022: 3.21% to 42.60%). The discount rate in forecast period ranging from 15.60% to 18.00%
      (31 December 2022: 14.90% to 16.80%). The terminal value growth rate was 2.00% (31 December 2022: 2.00%).
      The VIU is RMB11,854 million (31 December 2022: RMB9,052 million), when performing the goodwill impairment test.


      As at 31 December 2023, the Group estimated the present value of future cash flows of the above asset groups
      respectively according to the business plans of CITIC Futures, CITIC Securities South China and CITIC Securities
      (Shandong) from 2024 to 2028, and the applicable discount rate. The cash flows for the periods beyond the forecast
      period are calculated based on an appropriate stable growth rate, which does not exceed the long-term average
      growth rate of the business involved in the asset group. On 31 December 2023, CITIC Futures, CITIC Securities South
      China and CITIC Securities (Shandong) applied income growth rate in forecast period ranging from 4.00% to 18.20%
      (31 December 2022: 4.44% to 7.88%), profit margin in forecast period ranging from 27.33% to 44.59% (31 December
      2022: 23.70% to 45.12%), discount rate ranging from 10.00% to 13.92% (31 December 2022: 10.27% to 14.16%),
      and terminal value growth rate was 2.00% to 3.00% (31 December 2022: 2.00% to 3.00%). On 31 December 2023,
      the above-mentioned recoverable amount of each group of CGUs was higher than their respective carrying amount.




266
22 LAND-USE RIGHTS AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                     Intangible assets

                               Seats on stock      Software       Customer                      Land-use
                                  exchanges     development    relationships      Trademarks       rights             Total


    31 December 2023


    Cost
     31 December 2022                131,433       1,946,427       1,427,531         296,426    3,690,300      7,492,117
     Increases                             —        236,824                  —            —            —         236,824
     Decreases                          3,701        45,135                  —            —            —             48,836
     Effect of exchange
      rate changes                       776          9,666              20,962        4,771           —             36,175


     31 December 2023                128,508       2,147,782       1,448,493         301,197    3,690,300      7,716,280


    Accumulated amortisation
     31 December 2022                102,657       1,579,333       1,317,982              —       763,173      3,763,145
     Increases                           247        125,154              84,545           —        94,518        304,464
     Decreases                          1,501        44,369                  —            —            —             45,870
     Effect of exchange
      rate changes                       352          9,642              19,822           —            —             29,816


     31 December 2023                101,755       1,669,760       1,422,349              —       857,691      4,051,555


    Allowance for impairment
     31 December 2022                      —              —              11,563      296,041           —         307,604
     Increases                           125              —                  —            —            —               125
     Decreases                             —              —                  —            —            —                 —
     Effect of exchange
      rate changes                         —              —                186         4,771           —              4,957


     31 December 2023                    125              —              11,749      300,812           —         312,686


    Net carrying amount
     31 December 2023                  26,628       478,022              14,395          385    2,832,609      3,352,039


     31 December 2022                  28,776       367,094              97,986          385    2,927,127      3,421,368




                                                               CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report     267
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




22 LAND-USE RIGHTS AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)
                                                             Intangible assets

                                       Seats on stock      Software         Customer                    Land-use
                                          exchanges     development      relationships     Trademarks       rights       Total


       31 December 2022


       Cost
         31 December 2021                     127,752     1,740,794         1,313,011        271,303    3,714,574    7,167,434
         Increases                                 —       161,621                 4,528           —           —      166,149
         Decreases                                 —          7,436                   —            —      24,274       31,710
         Effect of exchange
         rate changes                           3,681       51,448               109,992       25,123          —      190,244


         31 December 2022                     131,433     1,946,427         1,427,531        296,426    3,690,300    7,492,117


       Accumulated amortisation
         31 December 2021                     100,824     1,430,808         1,089,800              —     672,094     3,293,526
         Increases                               327       104,226               131,685           —      94,599      330,837
         Decreases                                65          6,740                   —            —       3,520       10,325
         Effect of exchange
         rate changes                           1,571       51,039                96,497           —           —      149,107


         31 December 2022                     102,657     1,579,333         1,317,982              —     763,173     3,763,145


       Allowance for impairment
         31 December 2021                          —           207                10,582     270,918           —      281,707
         Increases                                 —             —                    —            —           —            —
         Decreases                                 —           207                    —            —           —          207
         Effect of exchange
         rate changes                              —             —                  981        25,123          —       26,104


         31 December 2022                          —             —                11,563     296,041           —      307,604


       Net carrying amount
         31 December 2022                      28,776      367,094                97,986         385    2,927,127    3,421,368


         31 December 2021                      26,928      309,779               212,629         385    3,042,480    3,592,201




268
23 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES

                                                                                                                                        31 December
                                                                                                                                         2023                    2022


    Unlisted shares, at cost                                                                                                      47,050,823             46,074,631

   Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:

   (a)   Principal subsidiaries acquired through establishment or investment
                                                              Place of
                                                              incorporation/
                                                              registration
                                                              and operations                                                                              Attributable
                                                              (kind of                    Registered                                 Amount invested     equity interest
          Name of subsidiaries                                legal entity)             share capital   Principal activities          by the company     Direct Indirect

          GoldStone Investment Co., Ltd.                      Chinese Mainland           RMB3 billion   Direct investment,           RMB1,700 million    100%         —
           (金石投資有限公司)                                           (Limited liability                        investment advisory
                                                                company)                                  and management
          CITIC Securities International Co., Ltd.            Hong Kong                Not applicable   Holding company            HKD6,516.05 million   100%         —
            (中信証券國際有限公司)
          CITIC Securities Investment Ltd.                    Chinese Mainland          RMB17 billion   Financial product                RMB17 billion   100%         —
            (中信證券投資有限公司)                                        (Limited liability                        investment, securities
                                                                company)                                  investment, equity
                                                                                                          investment
          CITIC Securities Asset Management Company Limited   Chinese Mainland           RMB1 billion   Asset Management                  RMB1 billion   100%         —
            (中信證券資產管理有限公司)                                      (Limited liability
                                                                company)
          CITIC Securities Finance 2013 Co., Ltd.             The British Virgin       Not applicable   Bond issuance                           USD1        —      100%
                                                                Islands
          CITIC Securities Finance MTN Co., Ltd.              The British Virgin       Not applicable   Bond issuance                           USD1        —      100%
                                                                Islands
          CS Regal Holding Limited                            The British Virgin       Not applicable   Holding company                         USD1        —      100%
                                                                Islands
          CITIC Securities Information and Quantitative       Chinese Mainland         RMB10 million    Information technology          RMB10 million    100%         —
             Service (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.                       (Limited liability                         development,
             (中信証券信息與量化服務(深圳)有限責任公司)                            company)                                   technical consulting
          Jintong Securities Co., Ltd.                        Chinese Mainland        RMB135 million    Securities brokerage            RMB35 million    100%         —
             (金通證券有限責任公司)                                       (Limited liability
                                                                company)
          CITICS Investment Services Company Limited          Chinese Mainland        RMB100 million    Investment                     RMB100 million    100%         —
            (中信中證投資服務有限責任公司)                                    (Limited liability                        management, advisory
                                                                company)                                  service, finance
                                                                                                          outsourcing service
          Qingdao GoldStone Storm Investment Consulting       Chinese Mainland       RMB50.10 million   Investment                   RMB50.10 million       —      100%
            Company Limited                                     (Limited liability                        management, advisory
            (青島金石暴風投資諮詢有限公司)                                    company)                                  services
          Qingdao GoldStone Runhui Investment                 Chinese Mainland RMB10.10 million         Investment                   RMB10.10 million       —      100%
            Management Company Limited                          (Limited liability                        management,
            (青島金石潤匯投資管理有限公司)                                    company)                                  advisory services,
                                                                                                          investment with
                                                                                                          self-owned capital
          Qingdao GoldStone Haorui Investment                 Chinese Mainland        RMB805 million    External investment               RMB2 billion      —      100%
            Company Limited                                     (Limited liability                        and management
            (青島金石灝汭投資有限公司)                                      company)                                  of own funds and
                                                                                                          investment advisory
                                                                                                          services



                                                                                      CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report                           269
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




23 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      (a)   Principal subsidiaries acquired through establishment or investment (Continued)
                                                                  Place of
                                                                  incorporation/
                                                                  registration
                                                                  and operations                                                                           Attributable
                                                                  (kind of                  Registered                                Amount invested     equity interest
             Name of subsidiaries                                 legal entity)           share capital    Principal activities        by the company     Direct Indirect

             Jinjin Investment (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.                Chinese Mainland       RMB100 million    Investment                   RMB500 million       —      100%
                (金津投資(天津)有限公司)                                      (Limited liability
                                                                    company)
             CITIC GoldStone Fund Management                      Chinese Mainland       RMB100 million    Investment                   RMB100 million       —      100%
               Company Limited                                      (Limited liability                        management and
               (中信金石基金管理有限公司)                                       company)                                  related consulting
             GoldStone ZeXin Investment Management Co., Ltd.      Chinese Mainland         RMB1 billion    Investment                      RMB1 billion      —      100%
               (金石澤信投資管理有限公司)                                       (Limited liability                        management,
                                                                    company)                                  investment
                                                                                                              consulting, entrusted
                                                                                                              management of
                                                                                                              equity investment
                                                                                                              funds, venture
                                                                                                              capital, venture
                                                                                                              capital consulting,
                                                                                                              property
                                                                                                              management, self-
                                                                                                              owned property
                                                                                                              leasing, hotel
                                                                                                              management,
                                                                                                              purchase and sale of
                                                                                                              building decoration
                                                                                                              materials.
             CITIC Buyout Fund Management Company Limited         Chinese Mainland       RMB100 million    Investment                   RMB100 million       —      100%
               (中信併購基金管理有限公司)                                       (Limited liability                        management,
                                                                    company)                                  advisory services
             Changxia Jinshi (Wuhan) Investment                   Chinese Mainland       RMB100 million    Investment                    RMB60 million       —       60%
                Management Company limited                          (Limited liability                        management
                 (長峽金石(武漢)私募基金管理有限公司)                               company)
             Jinshi Fengrui Investment Management (Hangzhou)      Chinese Mainland        RMB30 million    Investment                               —        —      100%
                Co., Ltd.                                           (Limited liability                       management
                (金石灃汭投資管理(杭州)有限公司)                                  company)
             Anhui Transport Control Jinshi Private Fund          Chinese Mainland        RMB30 million    Investment fund                RM21 million       —       70%
                Management Co., Ltd.                                (Limited liability                       management
                (安徽交控金石私募基金管理有限公司)                                  company)
             Anhui Xinan M&A Private Fund Management              Chinese Mainland        RMB20 million    Investment                    RMB16 million       —       80%
                Co., Ltd.                                           (Limited liability                       management
                (安徽信安併購私募基金管理有限公司)                                  company)
             CITIC Securities Capital Management Co., Ltd.        Chinese Mainland         RMB2 billion    Investment and asset            RMB1 billion      —      100%
                (中信中證資本管理有限公司)                                      (Limited liability                       management
                                                                    company)
             Yngshi (Shanghai) Asset Management                   Chinese Mainland       RMB200 million    Asset management             RMB100 million       —      100%
               Company Limited                                      (Limited liability
               (盈蒔(上海)資產管理有限公司)                                     company)
             CITIC Global Trade Company Limited                   Chinese Mainland         RMB1 billion    Commodity trading            RMB500 million       —      100%
               (中信寰球商貿有限公司)                                         (Limited liability                       Warehousing and
                                                                    company)                                 Transportation Service
                                                                                                             Agents
             CF International Financial Holding Company Limited   Hong Kong              RMB500 million    Holding company              RMB500 million       —      100%
               (信期國際金融控股有限公司)
             CLSA Europe B.V.                                     Netherlands             Not applicable   Investment banking,          EUR2.39 million      —      100%
                                                                                                             securities brokerage
                                                                                                             business


270
23 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   (a)   Principal subsidiaries acquired through establishment or investment (Continued)
                                                             Place of
                                                             incorporation/
                                                             registration
                                                             and operations                                                                            Attributable
                                                             (kind of                  Registered                                 Amount invested     equity interest
          Name of subsidiaries                               legal entity)           share capital    Principal activities         by the company     Direct Indirect

          CITIC Securities Brokerage (HK) Limited            Hong Kong               Not applicable   Financial sector              HKD4.06 Billion       —     100%
            (中信証券經紀(香港)有限公司)
          CITIC Securities Futures (HK) Limited              Hong Kong               Not applicable   Financial sector             HKD76.44 million       —     100%
            (中信証券期貨（香港）有限公司)
          CLSA Fund Services (Asia) Limited                  Hong Kong               Not applicable   Financial sector                      HKD1          —     100%
          CLSA Global Investments Management Limited         The British Virgin      Not applicable   Financial sector            HKD643.67 million       —     100%
                                                               Islands
          Shanghai Wealth Management Company Limited         Chinese Mainland       RMB100 million    Fund Sales                    RMB100 million        —    62.20%
            (上海華夏財富投資管理有限公司)                                   (Limited liability
                                                               company)
          CSI Global Markets Holdings Limited                The British Virgin     USD100 million    Financial sector            USD510.13 million       —     100%
                                                               Islands
          CLSA Americas Holdings, Inc.                       America                   USD1,000       Financial sector            USD131.89 million       —      100%
          China Equity Fund Management (Beijing)             Chinese Mainland       RMB500 million    Asset Management              RMB500 million        —    62.20%
            Co., Ltd.                                          (Limited liability
            華夏股權投資資金管理（北京）有限公司                                 company)
          CLSA Fund Services Limited                         Hong Kong               Not applicable   Financial sector                       HKD1         —     100%



   (b)   Principal subsidiaries acquired from business combination
                                                             Place of
                                                             incorporation/
                                                             registration and
                                                             operations                                                                                Attributable
                                                             (kind of                  Registered                                 Amount invested     equity interest
          Name of subsidiaries                               legal entity)           share capital    Principal activities         by the company     Direct Indirect

          CITIC Securities (Shandong) Co., Ltd.              Chinese Mainland RMB2,493.8 Million      Securities business       RMB1,145.74 million    100%        —
            (中信証券(山東)有限責任公司)                                   (Limited liability
                                                               company)
          CITIC Futures Co., Ltd.                            Chinese Mainland     RMB7,600 Million    Futures brokerage, asset RMB7,949.23 million     100%        —
            (中信期貨有限公司)                                         (Limited liability                       management, fund
                                                               company)                                 distribution
          China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                   Chinese Mainland      RMB238 million     asset management         RMB2,663.95 million    62.20%       —
            (華夏基金管理有限公司)                                       (Sino-foreign
                                                               joint stock
                                                               limited
                                                               company)
          Tanjin Jingzheng Property Services Co., Limited    Chinese Mainland       RMB0.3 million    Property management        RMB336.86 million     100%        —
            (天津京證物業服務有限公司)                                     (Limited liability
                                                               company)
          Tianjin Shenzheng Property Services Co., Limited   Chinese Mainland       RMB0.3 million    Property management        RMB244.87 million     100%        —
            (天津深證物業服務有限公司)                                     (Limited liability
                                                               company)
          CITIC Securities South China Company Limited       Chinese Mainland RMB5,091.14 Million     Securities business       RMB7,159.27 million   99.90%   0.10%
            (中信證券華南股份有限公司)                                     (Joint stock
                                                               limited
                                                               company)
          Guangzhou Securities Lingxiu Investment            Chinese Mainland      RMB680 million     Capital Market Services    RMB470.21 million     100%        —
           company limited                                     (Limited liability
           (廣證領秀投資有限公司)                                        company)




                                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report                          271
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




23 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      (b)   Principal subsidiaries acquired from business combination (Continued)
                                                                  Place of
                                                                  incorporation/
                                                                  registration and
                                                                  operations                                                                               Attributable
                                                                  (kind of                    Registered                              Amount invested     equity interest
             Name of subsidiaries                                 legal entity)             share capital    Principal activities      by the company     Direct Indirect

             Guangzhou Securities Innovation Investment           Chinese Mainland         RMB140 million    Investment and Asset     RMB494.98 million      —      100%
                Management Co., Ltd.                                (Limited liability                         Management
                (廣州證券創新投資管理有限公司)                                    company)
             Jinshang (Tianjin) Investment Management Co., Ltd.   Chinese Mainland         RMB12.5 million   Investment                RMB18.59 million      —      100%
                (金尚(天津)投資管理有限公司)                                    (Limited liability                         management, advisory
                                                                    company)                                   service
             China Asset Management (Hong Kong) Limited           Hong Kong                HKD600 million    Asset management            HKD600 million      —    62.20%
               (華夏基金(香港)有限公司)
             China AMC Capital Management Limited                 Chinese Mainland         RMB350 million    Asset management           RMB350 million       —    62.20%
               (華夏資本管理有限公司)                                         (Limited liability
                                                                    company)
             CLSA B.V.                                            Netherlands               Not applicable   Investment, holding      USD716.04 million      —      100%
               (里昂証券)
             CLSA Australia Holdings Pty Ltd.                     Australia              AUD105.03 million   Financial sector         AUD105.03 million      —      100%
             CITIC Securities (HK) Limited                        Hong Kong                 Not applicable   Financial sector          HKD66.18 million      —      100%
               (中信証券(香港)有限公司)
             CLSA Investments Ltd.                                Cayman Islands           USD0.05 Million   Financial sector          USD12.45 million      —      100%
             XinZheng Operation Management Limited                Chinese Mainland          RMB10 million    Financial sector             RMB3 million       —      100%
               (深圳信證運營服務有限責任公司)                                     (Limited liability
                                                                    company)
             CLSA Premium Limited                                 Cayman Island             Not applicable   Financial sector         HKD158.65 million      —    59.03%
             CSI Capricornus Limited                              The British Virgin       USD0.05 million   Equity investment                       —       —      100%
                                                                    Islands
             CITIC Securities CLSA Capital Partners Limited       Hong Kong                 Not applicable   Financial sector          HKD36.83 million      —      100%
             CITIC Securities Finance (HK) Limited                Hong Kong                 Not applicable   Financial sector         HKD679.94 million      —      100%
             SetClear Pte. Ltd.                                   Singapore                 Not applicable   Financial sector          USD20.31 million      —      100%


      (c)   Non-cash financing activities
            The Group had no significant non-cash financing activities during the year ended 31 December 2023.

      (d)   Structured entities included in the consolidated financial statement
            The Group acts as asset manager for or invested in a number of structured entities. Management makes
            significant judgment on whether the Group controls and therefore should consolidate these structured entities.


            Management has determined that the Group had control of certain structured entities based on their assessment
            of the Group’s power over, its exposure to variable returns from its involvement with, and its ability to use its
            power to affect the amount of its returns from these structured entities. 52 of the structured entities have been
            consolidated as at 31 December 2023 (46 of the structured entities have been consolidated as at 31 December
            2022), considering the variable returns to which the Group is entitled.


            As at 31 December 2023, the fair value of total assets of the consolidated structured entities was
            RMB70,580 million (31 December 2022: RMB50,047 million).




272
23 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   (e)   Details of the Group’s subsidiary with material non-controlling interests is set out below:
         China AMC

                                                                                                    31 December
                                                                                                     2023                2022


          Percentage of equity interest held by non-controlling interests                         37.80%            37.80%
          Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                            478,162           433,180
          Ending balances of non-controlling interests                                         4,971,455         4,683,064


          Profit for the year attributable to non-controlling interests                          760,910           817,735


         The following tables illustrate the summarised financial information of the above subsidiary:


                                                                                                     2023                2022


          Revenue                                                                              7,347,766         7,489,569
          Profit from continuing operations                                                    2,012,991         2,163,319
          Total comprehensive income for the year                                              2,027,919         2,247,674


          Net cash flows from operating activities                                             1,630,532         1,114,255
          Net cash flows from investing activities                                               (120,361)          (84,622)
          Net cash flows used in financing activities                                          (1,430,912)       (1,257,503)
          Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                     87,806          (174,194)



                                                                                                    31 December
                                                                                                     2023                2022


          Current assets                                                                      16,236,380        15,696,893
          Non-current assets                                                                   2,557,916         2,001,341
          Current liabilities                                                                  3,846,937         3,891,196
          Non-current liabilities                                                              1,795,361         1,417,981


         As at 31 December 2023, there were no significant restrictions on the ability of the Group to access or use the
         assets and settle the liabilities of the Group’s subsidiaries (2022: Nil).




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report    273
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




24 INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES

                                                                                                                                                31 December
                                                                                                                                                 2023                     2022


       Associates                                                                                                                       9,689,599                  9,695,513
       Joint ventures                                                                                                                           17,064                   9,860
       Less: Allowance for impairment                                                                                                           56,655                 56,655


       Total                                                                                                                            9,650,008                  9,648,718


      (a)   Particulars of the Group’s principal associates and joint ventures are as follows:
                                                                 Place of
                                                                 incorporation/
                                                                 registration
                                                                 (kind of                       Registered                                       Percentage of     Percentage of
               Name                                              legal entity)                share capital   Principal activities               equity interest    voting rights


               Associates:

               CITIC Private Equity Funds Management Co., Ltd.   Chinese Mainland            RMB1.8 billion   Investment fund                              35%              35%
                 (中信產業投資基金管理有限公司)                                  (Limited liability                           management
                                                                   company)
               Qingdao Blue Ocean Equity Exchange Center         Chinese Mainland           RMB100 million    Equity trading                               40%              40%
                 Co., Ltd.                                         (Limited liability
                 (青島藍海股權交易中心有限責任公司)                                company)
               CSC Financial Co., Ltd.                           Chinese Mainland       RMB7,756.69 million   Securities brokerage,                    4.9357%          4.9357%
                 (中信建投證券股份有限公司)                                    (Joint stock                                 financial consulting
                                                                   limited company)                             related to securities
                                                                                                                trading and securities
                                                                                                                investment activities,
                                                                                                                securities underwriting and
                                                                                                                sponsorship, securities
                                                                                                                self-management,
                                                                                                                securities asset
                                                                                                                management, securities
                                                                                                                investment fund distribution
               Xinjiang Equity Trading Center Co., Ltd.          Chinese Mainland           RMB110 million    Finance sector                               20%              20%
                 (新疆股權交易中心有限公司)                                    (Limited liability
                                                                   company)
               Beijing Agricultural Investment Fund              Chinese Mainland         RMB210.2 million    Investment                                 32.26%          32.26%
                 (Limited Partnership)                             (Limited
                 (北京農業產業投資基金(有限合夥))                                Joint Ventures)
               Beijing GoldStone Agricultural Investment Fund    Chinese Mainland           RMB10.2 million   Fund management                              33%              33%
                 Management Center (Limited Partnership)           (Limited
                 (北京金石農業投資基金管理中心                                   Joint Ventures)
                 (有限合夥))
               Shandong Kunxin Management Co., Ltd.              Chinese Mainland           RMB110 million    Enterprise management,                     13.18%          13.18%
                 (山東坤信企業管理有限公司)                                    (Limited liability                           enterprise management
                                                                   company)                                     consulting, information
                                                                                                                consulting services,
                                                                                                                market research, financial
                                                                                                                consulting, corporate
                                                                                                                image planning, marketing
                                                                                                                planning, technical services,
                                                                                                                technology development,
                                                                                                                technology consulting,
                                                                                                                technology exchange,
                                                                                                                technology transfer,
                                                                                                                technology promotion.




274
24 INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES (Continued)
   (a)   Principal subsidiaries acquired through establishment or investment (Continued)
                                                          Place of
                                                          incorporation/
                                                          registration
                                                          (kind of                       Registered                                       Percentage of     Percentage of
          Name                                            legal entity)                share capital   Principal activities               equity interest    voting rights


          Xinrong Customer Services Club Co., Ltd.        Chinese Mainland            RMB10 million    Financial information                        25%               25%
            (深圳市信融客戶服務俱樂部有限公司)                              (Limited liability                            consulting, information
                                                            company)                                      consulting, providing
                                                                                                          financial intermediary
                                                                                                          services, accepting financial
                                                                                                          institutions entrusted
                                                                                                          to engage in financial
                                                                                                          outsourcing services; public
                                                                                                          relations planning; cultural
                                                                                                          communication and cultural
                                                                                                          activities planning; sports
                                                                                                          events planning; sports
                                                                                                          activities planning
          Qianhai Infrastructure Investments Fund         Chinese Mainland           RMB300 million    Entrusted to manage equity                11.67%           11.67%(i)
            Management Co., Ltd.                            (Limited liability                            investment funds; equity
            (深圳前海基礎設施投資基金管理有限公司)                            company)                                      investment, investment
                                                                                                          management, investment
                                                                                                          consulting, investment
                                                                                                          consulting
          Tibet Xinsheng Equity Investment Partnership    Chinese Mainland       RMB5,108.10 million   Private equity investment                  9.79%             9.79%
            (limited partnership)                           (Limited Joint
            (西藏信昇股權投資合夥企業(有限合夥))                            Ventures)
          Taifu GoldStone (Tianjin) Fund Management       Chinese Mainland            RMB50 million    Entrusted management of                      40%               40%
            Co., Ltd. (泰富金石(天津)基金管理有限公司)                    (Limited liability                           equity investment entities,
                                                            company)                                     investment management
                                                                                                         and relevant consulting
                                                                                                         services
          Xi’an Future Aerospace Industry Co., Ltd.       Chinese Mainland            RMB50 million    Aerospace machined                           35%               35%
             (西安明日宇航工業有限責任公司)                               (Limited liability                           parts, sheet metal parts
                                                            company)                                     manufacturing; molds,
                                                                                                         fixtures, molds, aerospace
                                                                                                         ground equipment
                                                                                                         manufacturing; general
                                                                                                         business projects: type
                                                                                                         frame, fixture, mold,
                                                                                                         aviation aerospace ground
                                                                                                         equipment of the research
                                                                                                         and development, design;
                                                                                                         system staff training;
                                                                                                         hydraulic, electronic system
                                                                                                         research and development
                                                                                                         and technical services
          Sailing Capital International Investment Fund   Chinese Mainland         RMB3,060 million    Investment, Investment                    11.10%           11.10%(i)
            (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                            (Limited liability                           management and
            (賽領國際投資基金(上海)有限公司)                              company)                                     investment consulting
          Sailing Capital Management Co., Ltd.            Chinese Mainland        RMB280.50 million    Equity investment                          9.09%             9.09%(i)
            (賽領資本管理有限公司)                                    (Limited liability                           management, equity
                                                            company)                                     investment, investment
                                                                                                         management and
                                                                                                         investment consulting
          CITIC POLY (Guangzhou) Private Fund             Chinese Mainland           RMB100 million    Private equity investment                    33%               33%
            Management Co., Ltd.                            (Limited liability                           fund management, venture
            (信保(廣州)私募基金管理有限公司)                              company)                                     capital fund management
                                                                                                         services




                                                                                     CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report                              275
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




24 INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES (Continued)
      (a)   Principal subsidiaries acquired through establishment or investment (Continued)
                                                                  Place of
                                                                  incorporation/
                                                                  registration
                                                                  (kind of                     Registered                                 Percentage of     Percentage of
                  Name                                            legal entity)              share capital   Principal activities         equity interest    voting rights


                  Tongfang Laishi Pharmaceutical Industry         Chinese Mainland       RMB2,000 million    Investment of enterprise’s             30%               30%
                    Investment (Guangdong) Co., Ltd.                (Limited liability                         own capital, investment
                    (同方萊士醫藥產業投資(廣東)有限公司)                            company)                                   advisory services,
                                                                                                               biomedicine technology
                                                                                                               investment
                  Aria Investment Partners III, L.P.              Cayman Islands            Not applicable   Private equity fund                 28.10%              100%(i)
                  Aria Investment Partners IV, L.P.               Cayman Islands            Not applicable   Private equity fund                 39.14%              100%(i)
                  Aria Investment Partners V, L.P.                Cayman Islands            Not applicable   Private equity fund                 45.45%              100%(i)
                  Clean Resources Asia Growth Fund L.P.           Cayman Islands            Not applicable   Hedge fund                           3.00%             3.00%(i)
                  Fudo Capital II, L.P.                           Cayman Islands            Not applicable   Real estate fund                     6.13%              100%(i)
                  Sunrise Capital II, L.P.                        Cayman Islands            Not applicable   Private equity fund                 23.99%              100%(i)
                  Sunrise Capital III, L.P.                       Cayman Islands            Not applicable   Private equity fund                  6.08%              100%(i)
                  Sunrise Capital IV, L.P.                        Cayman Islands            Not applicable   Private equity fund                  5.41%               50%(i)
                  CLSA Aviation Private Equity Fund I             Korea                     Not applicable   Direct investment fund               6.86%              100%(i)
                  CLSA Aviation Private Equity Fund II            Korea                     Not applicable   Direct investment fund               0.08%              100%(i)
                  CLSA Aviation II Investments (Cayman) Limited   Cayman Islands            Not applicable   Direct investment fund              12.39%              100%(i)
                  CT CLSA Holdings Limited                        Sri Lanka              LKR590.34 million   Investment and holdings                25%               25%
                  Holisol Logistics Private Limited               India                   INR10.80 million   Asset management                    20.29%            20.29%
                  CLSA Infrastructure Private Equity Fund I       Korea                     Not applicable   Private equity fund                  0.14%              100%(i)
                  CSOBOR Fund L.P.                                Cayman Islands            Not applicable   Asset management                    24.58%               60%
                  Alfalah CLSA Securities (Private) Limited       Pakistan                 PRK400 million    Investment banking and              24.90%            24.90%
                                                                                                               securities brokerage
                  Pine Tree Special Opportunity FMC LLC           Cayman Islands            Not applicable   Fund management                        50%               50%


                  Associates:

                  Citron PE Holdings Limited                      The British            HKD171.60 million   Asset management                       35%      Not applicable
                                                                    VirginIsland
                  Lending Ark Asia Secured Private Debt           Cayman Islands            Not applicable   Asset management                    22.16%               30%
                    Fund I (Non-US), LP
                  Lending Ark Asia Secured Private Debt           Cayman Islands           USD0.05 million   Asset management                       30%               30%
                    Holdings Limited

                  Joint ventures:

                  CITIC Standard and Poor’s Information Service   Chinese                     USD1 million   Financial services                     50%               50%
                    (Beijing) Co., Ltd.                             Mainland
                    (中信標普指數信息服務(北京)有限公司)                            (Sino-foreign
                                                                    joint stock
                                                                    limited company)
                  Double Nitrogen Fund GP, Limited                Cayman Islands                 USD100      Asset management                       48%               50%(ii)
                  Sino-Ocean Land Logistics Investment            Cayman Islands           USD0.05 million   Asset management                       50%            33.33%
                    Management Limited
                  CSOBOR Fund GP Limited                          Cayman Islands                 USD100      Asset management                       49%               60%
                  Kingvest Limited                                Cayman Islands              JPY5 billion   Asset management                    44.85%            44.85%
                  Sunrise Capital Holdings IV Limited             Cayman Islands           USD0.05 million   Asset management                       50%               50%
                  Bright Lee Capital Limited                      The British Virgin       USD0.05 million   Asset management                       48%               50%
                                                                    Island


            (i)          The Group has a significant influence over these funds as it acts as the fund manager of these funds.

            (ii)         The Group has joint control over this entity with other parties through contractual arrangement.




276
24 INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES (Continued)
   (b)   The summarised financial information of the Group’s material associates:
         (i)    China Securities Co., Ltd. as a major associate of the Group, is primarily engaged in securities brokerage
                and investment consulting, and is accounted for using the equity method. According to the unaudited
                financial data as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023 provided by the management of China
                Securities Co., Ltd., the Group calculated its share of net assets based on its shareholding ratio.


         (ii)   CITIC POLY (Guangzhou) Private Fund Management Co., Ltd., as a major associate of the Group, is
                primarily engaged in entrusted management of investment funds, and is accounted for using the equity
                method. The relevant unaudited financial information is as:


                                                                                                      31 December
                                                                                                       2023               2022


                 Current assets                                                                  1,597,491            1,623,820
                 Non-current assets                                                              4,741,637            4,834,407
                 Current liabilities                                                             1,746,983            2,185,456
                 Non-current liabilities                                                             81,732             45,445



                                                                                                       2023               2022


                 Revenue                                                                           194,208             190,645
                 Profit from continuing operations                                                 151,848             200,065
                 Total comprehensive income                                                        151,848             200,065


   (c)   The following table illustrates the summarised financial information of the Group’s other
         associates and joint venture companies:


                                                                                                       2023               2022


                 Profit from continuing operations                                               2,196,746             851,523
                 Other comprehensive income                                                           6,254            175,466
                 Total comprehensive income                                                      2,203,000            1,026,989


         (d)    As at December 31, 2023, the Group had no commitments to joint ventures (2022: Nil).


         (e)    The Group’s associates and joint ventures have no transfer of funds to the Group in the form of cash
                dividends or repayment of any of the Group’s liabilities that are materially restricted (2022: Nil)




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report      277
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




25 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                      31 December 2023
                                                       Current    Non-current


       Debt instruments                              81,183,382            —


       Equity instruments (designated)
          Non-tradable equity instruments                    —      9,514,213


       Total                                         81,183,382     9,514,213


       Loss allowance                                 1,315,922            —


       Analysed into:
          Listed                                     79,760,525     9,394,098
          Unlisted                                    1,422,857       120,115


                                                     81,183,382     9,514,213



                                                       31 December 2022
                                                        Current    Non-current


       Debt instruments                              70,115,174            —


       Equity instruments (designated)
          Non-tradable equity instruments                    —        162,540


       Total                                         70,115,174       162,540


       Loss allowance                                  764,409             —


       Analysed into:
          Listed                                     68,601,911            —
          Unlisted                                    1,513,263       162,540


                                                     70,115,174       162,540




278
26 REFUNDABLE DEPOSITS
                                                                                                                   31 December
                                                                                                                    2023               2022


    Trading deposits                                                                                       58,682,419            52,895,340
    Credit deposits                                                                                              451,573          1,179,988
    Performance deposits                                                                                        3,047,928        15,082,787


    Total                                                                                                  62,181,920            69,158,115


27 DEFERRED INCOME TAX ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
   (a)   The components of deferred tax assets/(liabilities) recognised in the consolidated
         statements of financial position and the movements during the year are as follows:


                                                                 Fair value                         Salaries,
                                                               changes of Allowance for         bonuses, and
                                                                  financial      impairment      allowances
            Deferred tax arising from:                         instruments            losses         payable          Others            Total


            1 January 2023                                       1,026,862         2,790,105       4,546,034         (283,513)     8,079,488
            Credited/(debited) to profit or loss                (1,146,661)         (231,891)         51,980          (15,658)     (1,342,230)
            Credited/(debited) to other comprehensive income      (206,991)               —           15,326          (22,003)      (213,668)

            31 December 2023                                      (326,790)        2,558,214       4,613,340         (321,174)     6,523,590


            1 January 2022                                        (455,842)        3,073,652       4,398,090         (711,294)     6,304,606
            Credited/(debited) to profit or loss                 1,475,348          (283,439)        159,670          409,051      1,760,630
            Credited/(debited) to other comprehensive income         6,965                —          (11,726)          18,730         13,969
            Others                                                     391              (108)             —                —             283


            31 December 2022                                     1,026,862         2,790,105       4,546,034         (283,513)     8,079,488


   (b)   Reconciliation to the consolidated statements of financial position

                                                                                                                   31 December
                                                                                                                    2023               2022


            Deferred income tax assets                                                                          6,693,865        11,570,191
            Deferred income tax liabilities                                                                      170,275          3,490,703


            Total                                                                                               6,523,590         8,079,488




                                                                              CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report         279
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




28 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS

                                              Properties and Transportation    Electronic
       31 December 2023                            Buildings       Vehicles      Devices     Others       Total


       Cost
        31 December 2022                           3,779,833          1,331        1,278      1,973   3,784,415
         Increases                                 1,301,213          1,166            —       632    1,303,011
         Decreases                                  502,904           1,242          698       887     505,731
         Effect of exchange rate change              23,614             (26)          (20)       —      23,568


         31 December 2023                          4,601,756          1,229          560      1,718   4,605,263


       Accumulated depreciation
         31 December 2022                          1,838,624          1,169          732      1,402   1,841,927
         Increases                                  849,647            318           139       185     850,289
         Decreases                                  491,093           1,242          698       617     493,650
         Effect of exchange rate change              13,098             (21)          (10)       —      13,067


         31 December 2023                          2,210,276           224           163       970    2,211,633


       Allowances for impairment
         31 December 2022                                 —              —             —         —           —
         Increases                                        —              —             —         —           —
         Decreases                                        —              —             —         —           —
         Effect of exchange rate change                   —              —             —         —           —


         31 December 2023                                 —              —             —         —           —


       Net carrying amount
        31 December 2023                           2,391,480          1,005          397       748    2,393,630


         31 December 2022                          1,941,209           162           546       571    1,942,488




280
28 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)
                                       Properties and   Transportation     Electronic
    31 December 2022                        Buildings         Vehicles       Devices         Others              Total


    Cost
      31 December 2021                     3,213,916            1,300            686          1,973       3,217,875
      Increases                              824,016               —             545             —          824,561
      Decreases                              350,127               —              —              —          350,127
     Effect of exchange rate change           92,028               31             47             —              92,106


      31 December 2022                     3,779,833            1,331          1,278          1,973       3,784,415


    Accumulated depreciation
      31 December 2021                     1,321,831              845            550            925       1,324,151
      Increases                              746,934              285            156            477         747,852
      Decreases                              281,883               —              —              —          281,883
      Effect of exchange rate change          51,742               39             26             —              51,807


      31 December 2022                     1,838,624            1,169            732          1,402       1,841,927


    Allowances for impairment
      31 December 2021                            —                —              —              —                  —
      Increases                                   —                —              —              —                  —
      Decreases                                   —                —              —              —                  —
      Effect of exchange rate change              —                —              —              —                  —


      31 December 2022                            —                —              —              —                  —


    Net carrying amount
      31 December 2022                     1,941,209              162            546            571       1,942,488


      31 December 2021                     1,892,085              455            136          1,048       1,893,724




                                                          CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report      281
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




29 OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS
                                                                                                  31 December
                                                                                                  2023            2022


       Receivables and others                                                                  586,595          507,717


       Total                                                                                   586,595          507,717


30 MARGIN ACCOUNTS
                                                                                                  31 December
                                                                                                  2023            2022


       Margin accounts                                                                    120,637,954     109,477,877
       Less: loss allowance                                                                  1,892,224      2,501,544


       Total                                                                              118,745,730     106,976,333


      Margin accounts are funds that the Group lends to its customers for margin financing business.


      As at 31 December 2023, the Group received collateral with fair value amounted to RMB444,292 million
      (31 December 2022: RMB431,795 million), in connection with its margin financing business.




282
31 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                    31 December 2023
                                                                     Current      Non-current


    Mandatory


    Debt instruments                                             297,095,794           891,199
    Equity instruments                                           266,795,259        21,049,688
    Others                                                        23,076,667         5,913,146


                                                                 586,967,720        27,854,033


    Designated


    Debt instruments                                                 209,281                 —
    Equity instruments                                             5,652,614         4,200,698
    Others                                                                487          161,942


                                                                   5,862,382         4,362,640


    Total                                                        592,830,102        32,216,673


    Analysed into:


    Mandatory


      Listed                                                     514,510,660         3,732,853
      Unlisted                                                    72,457,060        24,121,180


                                                                 586,967,720        27,854,033


    Designated


      Listed                                                       5,651,341           230,451
      Unlisted                                                       211,041         4,132,189


                                                                   5,862,382         4,362,640


    Total                                                        592,830,102        32,216,673




                                       CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   283
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




31 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS (Continued)
      As of 31 December 2023, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of RMB243,846 million (31 December
      2022: RMB212,800 million) were collateralised for repurchase agreements, securities lending and short term loan
      transactions.


                                                                                           31 December 2022
                                                                                            Current      Non-current


       Mandatory


       Debt instruments                                                                245,517,295          150,753
       Equity instruments                                                              226,614,521       24,857,372
       Others                                                                           17,611,183        5,116,530


                                                                                       489,742,999       30,124,655


       Designated


       Debt instruments                                                                    210,752                —
       Equity instruments                                                                 8,318,724       2,099,647
       Others                                                                                19,304         406,611


                                                                                          8,548,780       2,506,258


       Total                                                                           498,291,779       32,630,913


       Analysed into:


       Mandatory


          Listed                                                                       436,891,841        6,053,695
          Unlisted                                                                      52,851,158       24,070,960


                                                                                       489,742,999       30,124,655


       Designated


          Listed                                                                          8,317,721         186,746
          Unlisted                                                                         231,059        2,319,512


                                                                                          8,548,780       2,506,258


       Total                                                                           498,291,779       32,630,913



284
32 DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                                       31 December 2023
                                          Hedging instruments                            Non-hedging instruments
                                      Notional           Fair value                     Notional           Fair value
                                     amounts          Assets    Liabilities            amounts          Assets      Liabilities


    Interest rate derivatives        4,500,000       144,629               —     3,248,589,811        9,888,690     9,697,435
    Currency derivatives                     —              —              —      350,627,933         2,436,843     2,807,815
    Equity derivatives                       —              —              —      681,453,912        18,336,780    16,412,905
    Credit derivatives                       —              —              —          14,166,896        36,643            47,127
    Others                                   —              —              —      812,632,716         1,910,660     3,040,739


    Total                            4,500,000       144,629               ­—    5,107,471,268       32,609,616    32,006,021


                                                                       31 December 2022
                                           Hedging instruments                            Non-hedging instruments
                                       Notional           Fair value                    Notional            Fair value
                                      amounts          Assets      Liabilities          amounts          Assets      Liabilities


    Interest rate derivatives                —              —              —     1,853,420,762        7,780,104     6,463,749
    Currency derivatives                     —              —              —      748,270,446         5,070,611     5,536,488
    Equity derivatives                       —              —              —      507,787,735        19,695,668    11,610,629
    Credit derivatives                       —              —              —          12,080,451        77,982           151,622
    Others                                   —              —              —      831,431,631         3,764,362     4,360,010


    Total                                    —              —              ­—    3,952,991,025       36,388,727    28,122,498

   Under the daily mark-to-market and settlement arrangement, the Group’s future contracts were settled on a daily
   basis and the amount of mark-to-market gain or loss of those unexpired future contracts is reflected in profit or loss
   and not included in derivative financial instruments above. As at 31 December 2023, the fair value of those unexpired
   daily settled future contracts was a gain of RMB490 million (31 December 2022: gain of RMB607 million).


   (1)   Fair value hedges
         The following designated fair value hedging instruments are included in the derivative financial instruments disclosed
         above.


                                                  31 December 2023                              31 December 2022
                                         Notional                                         Notional
            Fair value hedging           amounts          Assets        Liabilities       amounts         Assets         Liabilities


            Interest rate risk
              — Interest swap           4,500,000        144,629                 —             —              —                  —




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report          285
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




32 DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (1)   Fair value hedges (Continued)
            The Group uses interest rate swaps to hedge against changes arising from changes in interest rates in fair value
            of certain issued long-term debt instruments.


            The Group’s net gains/(losses) on fair value hedges are as follow:

                                                                                                        2023              2022


             Net gain/(loss)
                — Hedging instrument                                                                 144,629                 —
                — Hedged item                                                                        (135,483)               —

            The gain and loss arising from the ineffective portion recognised in net trading gains were immaterial in 2023
            (2022: Nil).


            The following table shows maturity details with notional amount of hedging instruments disclosed above:


                                                                          Fair value hedges
                                               Within            1 to   3 months to         1 to 5       Over 5
                                              1 month    3 months       12 monthsr          years         years           Total


             31 December 2023                      —              —               —     4,500,000               —     4,500,000

            In 2022, the Group has no hedging instruments in fair value hedges.


            The following table sets out the details of the hedged items covered by the Group’s fair value hedging strategies:


                                                                           31 December 2023
                                                                                Accumulated amount of fair
                                              Carrying amount of hedged          value adjustments on the              Balance
                                                         items                         hedged items                      Sheet
                                                   Assets         Liabilities         Assets      Liabilities            Items


                                                                                                                          Debt
                                                                                                                    instruments
             Fixed coupon bonds                          —       (4,737,173)              —          (135,483)          issued

            In 2022, the Group has no hedged items in fair value hedges.




286
33 REVERSE REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS
                                                                                              31 December
                                                                                               2023                2022


    Analysed by collateral:
      Stocks                                                                            39,391,697        29,396,206
      Debts                                                                             23,523,835         5,974,265
      Others                                                                             5,006,854         2,694,996


                                                                                        67,922,386        38,065,467


    Less: loss allowance                                                                 5,713,229         6,582,408


    Total                                                                               62,209,157        31,483,059


    Analysed by business:
      Pledged repo                                                                      61,908,529        32,777,512
      Debt securities outright repo                                                        991,838         2,592,960
      Stock repo                                                                             15,165                  —
      Others                                                                             5,006,854         2,694,995


                                                                                        67,922,386        38,065,467


    Less: loss allowance                                                                 5,713,229         6,582,408


    Total                                                                               62,209,157        31,483,059


    Analysed by counterparty:
      Banks                                                                              5,230,962         4,010,462
      Non-bank financial institutions                                                    3,377,457           426,924
      Others                                                                            59,313,967        33,628,081


                                                                                        67,922,386        38,065,467


    Less: loss allowance                                                                 5,713,229         6,582,408


    Total                                                                               62,209,157        31,483,059


   As at 31 December 2023, stock-pledged repo under reverse repurchase agreements totalled RMB39,377 million
   (31 December 2022: RMB29,396 million) with credit impairment loss allowance of RMB5,713 million (31 December
   2022: RMB6,582 million).

   As at 31 December 2023, the Group received collateral amounted to RMB116,567 million (31 December 2022:
   RMB88,182 million), in connection with its reverse repurchase agreements.

                                                             CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report    287
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




33 REVERSE REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS (Continued)
      As part of the reverse repurchase agreements, the Group received securities allowed to be re-pledged in the absence
      of default by counterparties. If the collateral received declines in value, the Group may, in certain circumstances,
      require additional collateral. The Group had an obligation to return the collateral to its counterparties at the maturity of
      the contracts.


      As at 31 December 2023, the amount of the above collateral allowed to be re-pledged was RMB6,661 million
      (31 December 2022: RMB5,747 million), and the amount of the collateral re-pledged was RMB5,206 million
      (31 December 2022: RMB4,832 million).


34 OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
                                                                                                       31 December
                                                                                                        2023               2022


       Accounts due from brokers                                                                 24,488,205         26,731,357
       Brokerage accounts due from clients                                                       12,889,289          7,660,160
       Settlement deposits receivable                                                            12,745,309         10,984,816
       Bulk commodity trading inventory                                                            1,361,458           619,914
       Interest receivable                                                                           216,981           359,765
       Deferred expenses                                                                              69,442             77,010
       Dividends receivable                                                                           25,830                446
       Others                                                                                    20,356,313         14,043,906


       Subtotal                                                                                  72,152,827         60,477,374


       Less: Impairment allowance                                                                  2,358,389         2,153,553


       Total                                                                                     69,794,438         58,323,821


35 CASH HELD ON BEHALF OF CUSTOMERS
      The Group maintains segregated deposit accounts with banks and authorised institutions to hold cash on behalf of
      customers arising from its normal course of business. The Group has recorded the related amounts as cash held on
      behalf of customers and the corresponding liabilities as customer brokerage deposits (Note 37). In the PRC, the use
      of cash held on behalf of customers for security and the settlement of their transactions is restricted and governed by
      relevant third-party deposit regulations issued by the CSRC. In Hong Kong, the “Securities and Futures (Client Money)
      Rules” together with the related provisions of the Securities and Futures Ordinance impose similar restrictions. In other
      countries and regions, cash held on behalf of customers is supervised by relevant institutions.




288
36 CASH AND BANK BALANCES
                                                                                                     31 December
                                                                                                      2023               2022


    Cash on hand                                                                                       215                236
    Deposits in banks                                                                         109,772,850       112,401,728


    Total                                                                                     109,773,065       112,401,964

   As at 31 December 2023, the Group had deposits in banks with restrictions of RMB8,863 million (31 December 2022:
   RMB7,824 million).


37 CUSTOMER BROKERAGE DEPOSITS
                                                                                                     31 December
                                                                                                      2023               2022


    Customer brokerage deposits                                                               283,820,892       279,402,254

   Customer brokerage deposits represent the amount received from and repayable to clients arising from the ordinary course
   of the Group’s securities brokerage activities. For more details, please refer to Note 35 “Cash held on behalf of customers”.


38 FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                                  31 December 2023
                                                                                                  Current       Non-current


    Financial liabilities held for trading
    Equity instruments                                                                         10,079,857                   —
    Debt instruments                                                                            6,774,761                   —
    Others                                                                                      1,127,997                   —


    Subtotal                                                                                   17,982,615                   —


    Financial liabilities designated as at fair value through profit or loss
    Beneficiary certificates and structured notes                                              49,663,789         13,555,847
    Minority interests in consolidated structured entities and others                             773,716          4,486,231


    Subtotal                                                                                   50,437,505         18,042,078


    Total                                                                                      68,420,120         18,042,078




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report      289
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




38 FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS (Continued)
                                                                                                 31 December 2022
                                                                                                 Current      Non-current


       Financial liabilities held for trading
       Debt instruments                                                                       7,793,729                 —
       Equity instruments                                                                     8,939,163                 —
       Others                                                                                 1,194,116                 —


       Subtotal                                                                              17,927,008                 —


       Financial liabilities designated as at fair value through profit or loss
       Beneficiary certificates and structured notes                                         43,945,799        20,503,989
       Minority interests in consolidated structured entities and others                        531,527         8,207,272


       Subtotal                                                                              44,477,326        28,711,261


       Total                                                                                 62,404,334        28,711,261

      As at 31 December 2023, there were no significance fair value changes related to the changes in the credit risk of the
      Group (31 December 2022: Nil).

39 REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS
                                                                                                   31 December
                                                                                                   2023              2022


       Analysed by collateral:
          Equity                                                                             31,623,529        30,588,477
          Debts                                                                             185,652,232      122,002,749
          Precious metal                                                                     19,197,222        14,953,993
          Others                                                                             46,873,340        46,737,876


       Total                                                                                283,346,323      214,283,095


       Analysed by counterparty:
          Banks                                                                             125,955,112        66,749,325
          Non-bank financial institutions                                                    36,285,929        27,699,736
          Others                                                                            121,105,282      119,834,034


       Total                                                                                283,346,323      214,283,095

      As at 31 December 2023, the Group’s pledged collateral in connection with its repurchase financing business
      amounted to RMB317,062 million (31 December 2022: RMB239,414 million).



290
40 DUE TO BANKS AND OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS
                                                                                             31 December
                                                                                              2023                2022


    Due to banks                                                                       42,932,391        24,569,780
    Due to China Securities Finance Corporation Limited                                10,690,804         5,011,083


    Total                                                                              53,623,195        29,580,863

41 TAXES PAYABLE
                                                                                             31 December
                                                                                              2023                2022


    Corporate income tax                                                                1,483,225         4,055,636
    Individual income tax                                                                 785,857         1,275,470
    Value added tax                                                                       165,421           201,091
    Others                                                                                  68,241            43,964


    Total                                                                               2,502,744         5,576,161

42 SHORT-TERM LOANS
                                                                                             31 December
                                                                                              2023                2022


    Analysed by nature:
      Credit loans                                                                      7,611,214         9,092,064
      Collateralised loans                                                                   2,720          708,945


    Total                                                                               7,613,934         9,801,009


    Analysed by maturity:
      Maturity within one year                                                          7,613,934         9,801,009

   As at 31 December 2023, the annual interest rates on the short-term loans were in the range of 0.00% to 6.94%
   (31 December 2022: 0.00% to 6.50%). The collateral of the Group are financial assets at fair value through profit
   or loss. As at 31 December 2023, the book value of the collateral was RMB2,792 million (31 December 2022:
   RMB5,022 million) (Note 31).




                                                            CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report    291
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




43 SHORT-TERM FINANCING INSTRUMENTS PAYABLE
      31 December 2023
                                                                              Opening                             Ending
       Name                        Issue date   Maturity date   Coupon rate   balance   Increase    Decrease     balance


       23 CS S1                    10/01/2023     12/07/2023         2.58%         —    3,050,492   3,050,492          —
       23 CS S2                    08/02/2023     10/11/2023         2.65%         —    3,064,670   3,064,670          —
       23 CS S3                    02/03/2023     07/09/2023         2.70%         —    4,062,248   4,062,248          —
       23 CS S4                    22/03/2023     27/09/2023         2.58%         —    5,074,778   5,074,778          —
       23 CS S5                    21/04/2023     26/10/2023         2.55%         —    5,073,673   5,073,673          —
       23 CS S6                    19/05/2023     24/11/2023         2.35%         —    4,055,192   4,055,192          —
       23 CS S7                    25/05/2023     24/05/2024         2.47%         —    3,047,350      5,862    3,041,488
       23 CS S8                    16/08/2023     21/02/2024         2.12%         —    4,036,531      7,804    4,028,727
       23 CS S9                    06/09/2023     11/09/2024         2.45%         —    5,040,546      9,751    5,030,795
       23 CS S10                   13/09/2023     18/09/2024         2.52%         —    4,031,215      7,807    4,023,408
       23 CS S11                   22/09/2023     27/06/2024         2.53%         —    4,029,333      7,805    4,021,528
       23 CS S12                   26/10/2023     31/10/2024         2.72%         —    6,029,679     11,696    6,017,983
       23 CS S13                   08/11/2023     13/11/2024         2.70%         —    3,011,649      5,862    3,005,787
       23 CS S14                   22/11/2023     29/05/2024         2.64%         —    4,011,601      7,804    4,003,797
       23 CS C1                    09/11/2023     14/11/2024         2.75%         —    1,003,980      2,302    1,001,678
       CITICSMTNECP41              28/01/2022     26/01/2023         0.00%    556,753        415     557,168           —
       CITICSMTNECP44              27/05/2022     25/05/2023         2.82%    212,441      2,414     214,855           —
       CITICSMTNECP46              27/05/2022     27/02/2023         0.00%    346,706      1,504     348,210           —
       CITICSMTNECP47              27/07/2022     26/07/2023         0.00%    272,477      6,107     278,584           —
       CITICSMTNECP48              06/07/2022     05/07/2023         0.00%    205,165      3,757     208,922           —
       CITICSMTNECP49              01/08/2022     31/07/2023         0.00%    340,230      8,013     348,243           —
       CITICSMTNECP50              08/08/2022     07/08/2023         0.00%    340,178      8,066     348,244           —
       CITICSMTNECP51              16/08/2022     15/08/2023         0.00%    815,824     19,978     835,802           —
       CITICSMTNECP52              14/09/2022     16/03/2023         0.00%    138,191      1,089     139,280           —
       CITICSMTNECP53              22/09/2022     21/09/2023         4.15%    845,259     25,227     870,486           —
       CITICSMTNECP54              21/10/2022     26/01/2023         0.00%    138,860        432     139,292           —
       CITICSMTNECP55              11/11/2022     09/11/2023         0.00%    398,670     19,402     418,072           —
       CITICSMTNECP56              18/01/2023     20/10/2023         0.00%         —     139,341     139,341           —
       CITICSMTNECP57              13/02/2023     21/08/2023         4.10%         —      67,832      67,832           —
       CITICSMTNECP58              28/03/2023     04/10/2023         5.25%         —      70,575      70,575           —
       CITICSMTNECP59              19/10/2023     24/01/2024         0.00%         —     141,142           —     141,142
       CITICSMTNECP60              20/12/2023     13/03/2024         0.00%         —     700,189           —     700,189
       CITICSCSI01                 25/11/2022     25/02/2023         0.00%    690,822     16,972     707,794           —
       CITICSCSI02                 22/09/2022     22/03/2023         3.90%    352,036      8,762     360,798           —
       CITICSCSI03                 20/12/2022     20/03/2023         0.00%    178,950      5,077     184,027           —
       CITICSCSI04                 17/01/2023     31/01/2023         0.00%         —     212,338     212,338           —
       CITICSCSI05                 17/01/2023     17/07/2023         5.25%         —     149,633     149,633           —
       CITICSCSI06                 20/01/2023     20/07/2023         5.15%         —     145,204     145,204           —
       CITICSCSI07                 20/01/2023     20/10/2023         5.25%         —      36,783      36,783           —
       CITICSCSI08                 20/01/2023     20/10/2023         5.25%         —     147,133     147,133           —
       CITICSCSI09                 20/03/2023     20/04/2023         0.00%         —     176,949     176,949           —
       CITICSCSI10                 24/04/2023     24/07/2023         0.00%         —     148,637     148,637           —
       CITICSCSI11                 31/05/2023     31/08/2023         0.00%         —      49,546      49,546           —
       CITICSCSI12                 31/05/2023     01/12/2023         0.00%         —      38,929      38,929           —

292
43 SHORT-TERM FINANCING INSTRUMENTS PAYABLE (Continued)
   31 December 2023 (Continued)
                                                                      Opening                                   Ending
    Name                Issue date    Maturity date    Coupon rate    balance      Increase    Decrease        balance


    CITICSCSI13         02/06/2023      01/09/2023          0.00%            —       46,007       46,007              —
    CITICSCSI14         16/06/2023      18/09/2023          0.00%            —       83,520       83,520              —
    CITICSCSI15         17/07/2023      17/10/2023          0.00%            —      176,949      176,949              —
    CITICSCSI16         25/07/2023      24/07/2024          5.40%            —       50,583            —          50,583
    CITICSCSI17         27/07/2023      29/01/2024          0.00%            —      309,340            —         309,340
    CITICSCSI18         28/07/2023      27/10/2023          0.00%            —      906,220      906,220              —
    CITICSCSI19         07/08/2023      07/11/2023          4.20%            —       35,761       35,761              —
    CITICSCSI20         16/08/2023      16/02/2024          0.00%            —       70,263            —          70,263
    CITICSCSI21         18/08/2023      17/11/2023          0.00%            —      106,169      106,169              —
    CITICSCSI22         05/09/2023      05/12/2023          0.00%            —       63,701       63,701              —
    CITICSCSI23         12/09/2023      12/10/2023          0.00%            —       44,591       44,591              —
    CITICSCSI24         13/09/2023      13/03/2024          0.00%            —       41,622            —          41,622
    CITICSCSI25         31/10/2023      31/01/2024          0.00%            —      105,642            —         105,642
    CITICSCSI26         20/11/2023      20/02/2024          0.00%            —       34,994            —          34,994
    CITICSCSI27         07/11/2023      07/02/2024          0.00%            —       19,797            —          19,797
    CITICSCSI28         08/12/2023      07/06/2024          0.00%            —       38,626            —          38,626
    CITICSCSI29         12/12/2023      12/03/2024          0.00%            —       41,952            —          41,952
    CITICSCSI30         21/12/2023      21/03/2024          5.75%            —       35,403            —          35,403
    CITICSCSI31         22/12/2023      20/12/2024          5.62%            —      148,684            —         148,684
    CITICSCSI32         29/12/2023      28/06/2024          0.00%            —       34,385            —          34,385
    CITICSCSI33         29/12/2023      27/12/2024          0.00%            —        34,192           —         34,192
    Structured notes         (Note)         (Note)          (Note)    6,027,249   23,785,244    8,387,486    21,425,007

    Total                                                            11,859,811   87,188,028   41,640,827    57,407,012


   31 December 2022
                                                                       Opening
    Name                 Issue date    Maturity date   Coupon rate     balance      Increase    Decrease Ending balance


    CITICS MTN ECP16    19/01/2021      18/01/2022          0.75%      321,060          143      321,203              —
    CITICS MTN ECP20    25/05/2021      24/05/2022          0.00%      158,952          443      159,395              —
    CITICS MTN ECP21    02/06/2021      01/06/2022          0.00%      190,712          562      191,274              —
    CITICS MTN ECP22    20/07/2021      19/07/2022          0.00%      325,991         1,077     327,068              —
    CITICS MTN ECP23    22/07/2021      21/07/2022          0.00%      244,485          816      245,301              —
    CITICS MTN ECP24    10/08/2021      08/03/2022          0.00%      318,517          268      318,785              —
    CITICS MTN ECP25    19/08/2021      18/08/2022          0.00%      444,239         2,103     446,342              —
    CITICS MTN ECP26    19/08/2021      18/03/2022          0.00%      191,094          177      191,271              —
    CITICS MTN ECP27    08/09/2021      07/09/2022          0.00%      325,723         1,359     327,082              —
    CITICS MTN ECP28    14/09/2021      14/06/2022          0.00%      317,888          904      318,792              —
    CITICS MTN ECP29    17/09/2021      15/09/2022          0.58%      638,025         3,358     641,383              —
    CITICS MTN ECP30    17/09/2021      16/09/2022          0.00%      317,173         1,654     318,827              —
    CITICS MTN ECP31    29/09/2021      28/09/2022          0.00%      317,121         1,711     318,832              —




                                                           CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report      293
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




43 SHORT-TERM FINANCING INSTRUMENTS PAYABLE (Continued)
      31 December 2022 (Continued)
                                                                                           Opening
       Name                            Issue date      Maturity date     Coupon rate       balance         Increase      Decrease Ending balance


       CITICS MTN ECP32               10/11/2021        12/05/2022            0.00%          76,336            172         76,508             —
       CITICS MTN ECP33               10/11/2021        11/05/2022            0.00%         114,507            256        114,763             —
       CITICS MTN ECP34               18/11/2021        18/05/2022            0.00%       1,081,193          2,680      1,083,873             —
       CITICS MTN ECP35               18/11/2021        18/05/2022            0.00%         611,761          1,467        613,228             —
       CITICS MTN ECP36               23/11/2021        22/11/2022            0.00%         632,434          5,360        637,794             —
       CITICS MTN ECP37               02/12/2021        01/12/2022            0.00%         243,355          2,016        245,371             —
       CITICS MTN ECP38               14/12/2021        13/12/2022            0.75%         612,707          5,330        618,037             —
       CITICS MTN ECP39               20/12/2021        19/12/2022            0.00%         202,651          1,838        204,489             —
       CITICS MTN ECP40               21/12/2021        21/09/2022            0.00%         316,749          2,092        318,841             —
       CITICS MTN ECP41               28/01/2022        28/01/2023            0.00%              —         556,753             —         556,753
       CITICS MTN ECP42               19/04/2022        19/10/2022            0.00%              —         158,797        158,797             —
       CITICS MTN ECP43               25/05/2022        23/12/2022            0.00%              —         496,647        496,647             —
       CITICS MTN ECP44               27/05/2022        22/05/2023            2.82%              —         212,441             —         212,441
       CITICS MTN ECP45               27/05/2022        20/12/2022            0.00%              —         331,094        331,094             —
       CITICS MTN ECP46               27/05/2022        27/02/2023            0.00%              —         346,706             —         346,706
       CITICS MTN ECP47               27/07/2022        26/07/2023            0.00%              —         272,477             —         272,477
       CITICS MTN ECP48               06/07/2022        05/07/2023            0.00%              —         205,165             —         205,165
       CITICS MTN ECP49               01/08/2022        31/07/2023            0.00%              —         340,230             —         340,230
       CITICS MTN ECP50               08/08/2022        07/08/2023            0.00%              —         340,178             —         340,178
       CITICS MTN ECP51               16/08/2022        15/08/2023            0.00%              —         815,824             —         815,824
       CITICS MTN ECP52               14/09/2022        16/03/2023            0.00%              —         138,191             —         138,191
       CITICS MTN ECP53               22/09/2022        21/09/2023            4.15%              —         845,259             —         845,259
       CITICS MTN ECP54               21/10/2022        26/01/2023            0.00%              —         138,860             —         138,860
       CITICS MTN ECP55               11/11/2022        10/11/2023            0.00%              —         398,670             —         398,670
       CITICSCSI01                    25/11/2022        25/02/2023            0.00%              —         690,822             —         690,822
       CITICSCSI02                    22/09/2022        22/03/2023            3.90%              —         352,036             —         352,036
       CITICSCSI03                    20/12/2022        20/03/2023            0.00%              —         178,950             —         178,950
       Structured notes                    (Note)             (Note)           (Note)     6,627,788      7,568,573      8,169,112      6,027,249

       Total                                                                             14,630,461     14,423,459     17,194,109     11,859,811

      Note: As at 31 December 2023, the beneficiary certificates issued by the Company amounted to RMB21,425 million and coupon rates ranging from
            1.99% to 4.00% (31 December 2022: RMB6,027 million, coupon rates ranging from 1.60% to 4.00%).

      As at 31 December 2023, short-term financing instruments payable comprised of short-term corporate bonds and
      beneficiary certificates with an original tenure of less than one year.

      As at 31 December 2023, there was no default relating to any short-term financing instruments payable issued
      (31 December 2022: Nil).




294
44 LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                           31 December 2023
                                                                                            Current      Non-current

    Lease liabilities                                                                       777,016         1,651,580


                                                                                            31 December 2022
                                                                                             Current       Non-current

    Lease liabilities                                                                       563,835         1,407,947

   As at 31 December 2023, the cash flows of lease contracts signed by the Group but the relevant leases which have not
   yet commenced are shown as follows:

                                                                                              31 December
                                                                                                2023                2022

    Lease term:

    Within one year                                                                           16,977                2,900
    One to two years                                                                          10,282          104,891
    Two to five years                                                                         17,151          313,265
    More than five years                                                                       1,192            76,072


                                                                                              45,602          497,128

45 OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES
                                                                                               31 December
                                                                                                2023                2022


    Client deposits payable                                                             134,849,752       134,916,690
    Debt instruments issued due within one year and others                               35,371,321        52,684,372
    Amounts due to brokers                                                               30,303,098        27,088,199
    Salaries, bonuses and allowances payable                                             19,779,840        19,819,855
    Settlement deposits payable                                                          19,739,969        17,450,490
    Accrued liabilities                                                                     867,664           949,070
    Fee and commissions payable                                                             840,736           790,958
    Dividends payable                                                                       283,857           261,494
    Interest payable                                                                        179,602           219,150
    Funds payable to securities holders                                                     167,469           166,245
    Funds payable to securities issuers                                                      35,356        15,253,774
    Contract liabilities                                                                     24,141            24,952
    Others                                                                               16,089,992        28,155,889


    Total                                                                               258,532,797       297,781,138



                                                              CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report     295
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




46 DEBT INSTRUMENTS ISSUED
      (a)   Debt instruments issued
                                                                                                        31 December
             By category                                                                                 2023            2022


             Bonds and medium term notes issued                                                    108,555,434      74,753,117
             Structured notes                                                                               —            6,070


                                                                                                   108,555,434      74,759,187


                                                                                                        31 December
             By maturity                                                                                 2023            2022


             Maturity within five years                                                             91,311,180      57,519,252
             Maturity over five years                                                               17,244,254      17,239,935


                                                                                                   108,555,434      74,759,187

            As at 31 December 2023, there was no default related to any issued debt instruments (31 December 2022: Nil).


      (b)   Debt instruments issued list
                                                                                                      31 December 31 December
             Type               Name                Par value    Issue date      Term    Nominal             2022         2023
                                                        RMB                              Coupon              RMB          RMB
                                                    thousand                                rate         thousand     thousand


             Corporate bonds    15 CS 02            2,500,000   24/06/2015    10 years    5.10%         2,566,106     2,566,209
                                19 CS G2 (Note 1)   1,000,000   05/09/2019     5 years    3.78%         1,011,677            —
                                20 CS 20             800,000    08/09/2020    10 years    4.20%           808,413      808,626
                                20 CS 24             900,000    23/10/2020    10 years    4.27%           904,677      904,915
                                20 CS G2            2,000,000   19/02/2020     5 years    3.31%         2,054,410     2,055,573
                                20 CS G4            2,000,000   06/03/2020     5 years    3.20%         2,049,486     2,050,647
                                20 CS G7            1,000,000   09/04/2020     5 years    3.10%         1,020,869     1,021,462
                                21 CS 02 (Note 1)   4,600,000   20/01/2021     3 years    3.56%         4,748,082            —
                                21 CS 03            3,200,000   20/01/2021    10 years    4.10%         3,314,683     3,315,524
                                21 CS 04 (Note 1)   1,500,000   24/02/2021     3 years    3.60%         1,543,515            —
                                21 CS 05            3,000,000   24/02/2021    10 years    4.10%         3,095,647     3,096,432
                                21 CS 06            2,500,000   16/03/2021    10 years    4.10%         2,574,596     2,575,251
                                21 CS 07            1,400,000   08/04/2021    10 years    4.04%         1,437,123     1,437,499
                                21 CS 08            1,000,000   08/06/2021     5 years    3.70%         1,018,568     1,019,153
                                21 CS 09            2,500,000   08/06/2021    10 years    4.03%         2,549,910     2,550,558
                                21 CS 10            1,500,000   06/07/2021     5 years    3.62%         1,522,946     1,523,823
                                21 CS 11            1,500,000   06/07/2021    10 years    3.92%         1,524,487     1,524,876




296
46 DEBT INSTRUMENTS ISSUED (Continued)
   (b)   Debt instruments issued list (Continued)
                                                                                            31 December 31 December
          Type           Name                Par value    Issue date      Term    Nominal          2022          2023
                                                 RMB                              Coupon           RMB           RMB
                                             thousand                                rate      thousand      thousand


                         21 CS 12 (Note 1)   3,000,000   18/08/2021     3 years    3.01%      3,027,529             —
                         21 CS 13            1,000,000   18/08/2021     5 years    3.34%      1,009,824      1,010,391
                         21 CS 14 (Note 1)   4,500,000   13/09/2021     3 years    3.08%      4,533,030             —
                         21 CS 16 (Note 1)   2,200,000   23/09/2021     3 years    3.09%      2,213,902             —
                         21 CS 17            1,800,000   23/09/2021     5 years    3.47%      1,812,260      1,813,277
                         21 CS 18 (Note 1)   2,500,000   14/10/2021     3 years    3.25%      2,511,963             —
                         21 CS 19            2,000,000   14/10/2021     5 years    3.59%      2,010,049      2,011,175
                         21 CS 20 (Note 1)   3,000,000   19/11/2021     3 years    3.07%      3,003,972             —
                         21 CS 21 (Note 1)   3,000,000   09/12/2021     3 years    2.97%      2,998,624             —
                         22 CS 01             500,000    11/02/2022     5 years    3.20%        512,984        513,217
                         22 CS 02            1,000,000   11/02/2022    10 years    3.69%      1,030,398      1,030,572
                         22 CS 03            1,000,000   08/03/2022     3 years    3.03%      1,022,407      1,023,377
                         22 CS 04             500,000    08/03/2022     5 years    3.40%        512,553        512,831
                         22 CS 05            3,000,000   19/08/2022     3 years    2.50%      3,018,859      3,021,763
                         23 CS 10            2,000,000   25/05/2023     3 years    2.89%              —      2,031,035
                         23 CS 11             500,000    08/06/2023     2 years    2.64%              —        506,537
                         23 CS 12            2,500,000   08/06/2023     3 years    2.80%              —      2,534,718
                         23 CS G1            3,000,000   03/02/2023     2 years    2.95%              —      3,075,736
                         23 CS G2            1,500,000   16/02/2023     2 years    2.89%              —      1,535,582
                         23 CS G3            3,000,000   16/02/2023     3 years    3.06%              —      3,074,720
                         23 CS G4            2,000,000   08/03/2023     2 years    3.01%              —      2,046,105
                         23 CS G5            2,000,000   08/03/2023     5 years    3.32%              —      2,116,748
                         23 CS G6            2,000,000   14/04/2023     2 years    2.87%              —      2,037,773
                         23 CS G7            2,500,000   14/04/2023     5 years    3.17%              —      2,620,424
                         23 CS G9            3,500,000   10/05/2023     3 years    2.90%              —      3,558,781
                         23 CS 13            2,000,000   04/07/2023     2 years    2.64%              —      2,022,749
                         23 CS 14             500,000    04/07/2023     3 years    2.75%              —        505,880
                         23 CS 15            2,500,000   09/08/2023     2 years    2.54%              —      2,520,285
                         23 CS 16            2,000,000   09/08/2023     3 years    2.72%              —      2,017,434
                         23 CS 17            1,000,000   25/08/2023     2 years    2.53%              —      1,006,941
                         23 CS 18            2,000,000   25/08/2023     3 years    2.70%              —      2,014,859
                         23 CS 20            2,500,000   07/09/2023     3 years    2.93%              —      2,517,834
                         23 CS 21            1,800,000   15/09/2023     3 years    2.86%              —      1,811,297
                         23 CS 22            2,200,000   15/09/2023     5 years    3.10%              —      2,215,159
                         23 CS 23            1,300,000   16/10/2023     2 years    2.80%              —      1,304,978
                         23 CS 24            2,700,000   16/10/2023     3 years    2.90%              —      2,710,933
                         23 CS 25            2,500,000   02/11/2023     2 years    2.78%              —      2,505,916
                         23 CS 26            3,500,000   02/11/2023     5 years    3.10%              —      3,509,680
                         23 CS 28            2,500,000   16/11/2023     3 years    2.87%              —      2,503,315
                         23 CS 29            1,000,000   15/12/2023     2 years    2.80%              —        998,951
                         23 CS 30            4,000,000   15/12/2023     3 years    2.90%              —      3,996,068




                                                              CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   297
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




46 DEBT INSTRUMENTS ISSUED (Continued)
      (b)     Debt instruments issued list (Continued)
                                                                                                                           31 December 31 December
               Type                   Name                      Par value       Issue date         Term      Nominal                2022              2023
                                                                    RMB                                      Coupon                 RMB               RMB
                                                                thousand                                        rate            thousand          thousand


               Subordinated bond 21 CS C1 (Note 1)             3,000,000      03/02/2021        3 years        3.97%           3,103,282                      —
                                      22 CF C1                    500,000     22/07/2022        3 years        3.00%             505,425            505,881
                                      23 CS C2                 1,000,000      09/11/2023        3 years        3.10%                    —         1,002,201
               Medium term            CITICSECN2410            1,414,580      17/10/2019        5 years        2.88%           1,394,405                      —
                  note                   (Note 1)
                                      CITICSECN2506            3,565,800      27/05/2020        5 years        2.00%           3,476,796          3,540,276
                                      CITICSECN2405            1,255,958      07/12/2022 1 year and            5.15%           1,220,869                      —
                                         (Note 1)                                              5 month
                                      CITICISIN2502            1,352,080      14/02/2023        2 years        5.00%                    —         1,472,920
                                      CITICISIN2606               695,444     14/06/2023        3 years        2.90%                    —           702,668
                                      CITICSECN2504            2,528,972      21/04/2022        3 years        3.38%           2,088,791          2,114,928
                                      CITICISIN2607            4,643,787      13/07/2023        3 years        3.10%                    —         2,528,971
               Beneficiary            Beneficiary                               (Note 2)        (Note 2)      (Note 2)              6,070                     —
                  certificates           certificates


               Total                                                                                                         74,759,187        108,555,434


              Note 1: As at 31 December 2023, issued debt instruments with a balance of nil are classified as current liabilities maturing within one year.

              Note 2:	As at 31 December 2023, the Company has not issued the Beneficiary certificates (31 December 2022: RMB6 million with coupon rates
                       2.50%) with maturity dates over one year.



47 LONG-TERM LOANS
                                                                                                                               31 December
                                                                                                                                2023                   2022


       Analysed by nature:
            Collateralised loans                                                                                            330,695                272,299
            Credit loans                                                                                                      12,478                          —


       Total                                                                                                                343,173                272,299


       Analysed by maturity:
            Maturity within five years                                                                                      343,173                272,299

      As at 31 December 2023, the interest rates on the long-term loans were in the range of 0.31% to 7.05%
      (31 December 2022: 5.88% to 5.93%). The collateral of the Group are property, plant and equipment and investment
      properties. As at 31 December 2023, the book value of the collateral was RMB1,202 million (31 December 2022:
      RMB983 million).




298
48 OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
                                                                                                  31 December
                                                                                                   2023                2022


    Regulatory risk provision                                                                1,851,174         1,789,046
    Others                                                                                     496,150           425,880


    Total                                                                                    2,347,324         2,214,926

49 ISSUED SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                31 December
                                                                   2023                                2022
                                                       Number of                             Number of
                                                             shares          Nominal             shares          Nominal
    Ordinary Shares                                    (Thousand)               value        (Thousand)                value


    Registered, issued and fully paid:
      A shares of RMB1 each                             12,200,470        12,200,470        12,200,470        12,200,470
      H shares of RMB1 each                                2,620,077       2,620,077         2,620,077         2,620,077


    Total                                               14,820,547        14,820,547        14,820,547        14,820,547

50 OTHER EQUITY INSTRUMENTS
   Other equity instruments of the Group are as follows:


   In July 2021, the Company issued the first tranche of perpetual subordinated bonds of 2021 amounted to RMB3.3 billion.


   In August 2021, the Company issued the second tranche of perpetual subordinated bonds of 2021 amounted to
   RMB6 billion.


   In August 2021, the Company issued the third tranche of perpetual subordinated bonds of 2021 amounted to RMB1.5 billion.


   In January 2022, the Company issued the first tranche of perpetual subordinated bonds of 2022 amounted to RMB3 billion.


   In September 2023, the Company issued the first tranche of perpetual subordinated bonds of 2023 amounted to
   RMB3 billion.


   Key terms and conditions relating to the equity instruments that exist as at 31 December 2023 are as follows:


   —	The bonds are repriced every 5 interest-accruing years, and at the end of the repricing cycle, the issuer has the
      option to extend the bonds for another repricing cycle (another five years) or redeem them in full;


   —	The bonds offer no redemption option to the investors so that investors cannot require the issuer to redeem their
      bonds during the duration of the bonds;

                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report     299
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




50 OTHER EQUITY INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      —	The Company has the option to defer interest payment, except in the event of mandatory interest payments, so
            that at each interest payment date, the issuer may choose to defer the interest payment to the next payment date
            for current period as well as all interests and accreted interests already deferred according to the related terms,
            without any limitation with respect to the number of deferrals. Mandatory interest payment events are limited to
            dividend distributions to ordinary equity holders and reductions of registered capital;


      —	The priority over repayment of the 2021 perpetual subordinated bonds (the first tranche), the 2021 perpetual
            subordinated bonds (the second tranche), the 2021 perpetual subordinated bonds (the third tranche), the 2022
            perpetual subordinated bonds (the first tranche) and the 2023 perpetual subordinated bonds (the first tranche) is
            subordinated to the Group’s general debts and subordinated bonds, unless in the event of liquidation of the Group,
            investors of these bonds cannot require the Group to accelerate payment of bonds’ principals.


      The perpetual subordinated bonds issued by the Company are classified as equity instruments in the consolidated
      statement of changes in equity.

51 RESERVES
      The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the related movements are presented in the consolidated statement of
      changes in equity.


      (a)     Capital reserve
              Capital reserve primarily includes share premium arising from the issuance of new shares at prices in excess of
              par value.


      (b)     Surplus reserves
              (i)    Statutory surplus reserve
                     Pursuant to the Company Law of the PRC, the Company is required to appropriate 10% of its profit for the
                     year for the statutory surplus reserve until the reserve balance reaches 50% of its registered capital.


                     Subject to the approval of the shareholders, the statutory surplus reserve may be used to offset
                     accumulated losses, if any, and may also be converted into capital of the Company, provided that the
                     balance of the statutory surplus reserve after this capitalisation is not less than 25% of the registered
                     capital immediately before capitalisation.


              (ii)   Discretionary surplus reserve
                     After making the appropriation to the statutory surplus reserve, the Company may also appropriate its
                     after-tax profit for the year to its discretionary surplus reserve upon approval by the General Shareholders’
                     Meeting. Subject to the approval of General Shareholders’ Meeting, the discretionary surplus reserve may
                     be used to offset accumulated losses, if any, and may be converted into share capital.




300
51 RESERVES (Continued)
   (c)   General reserves
         Pursuant to the requirements of regulatory authorities, including the Ministry of Finance and the CSRC, the
         Company is required to appropriate 10% of its after-tax profit for the year for the general risk reserve and 10%
         for trading risk reserve. These reserves may be used to offset accumulated losses of the Company but shall
         not be announced as dividends or converted into share capital. General reserves also include reserves that are
         established by subsidiaries and branches in certain countries or jurisdictions outside of the Chinese Mainland
         in accordance with the regulatory requirements in their respective territories are also included herein. These
         regulatory reserves are not available for distribution.


   (d)   Investment revaluation reserve
         Investment revaluation reserve represents reserve arising from the fair value changes of financial assets at fair
         value through other comprehensive income.


   (e)   Foreign currency translation reserve
         Foreign currency translation reserve represents the exchange difference arising from the translation of the
         financial statements of the subsidiaries incorporated outside Chinese Mainland with functional currencies other
         than RMB.


   (f)   Distributable profits
         The Company’s distributable profits are based on the retained earnings of the Company as determined under
         China Accounting Standards and IFRSs, whichever is lower.


52 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
   (a)   Cash and cash equivalents
                                                                                           31 December        31 December
                                                                                                     2023                2022


          Cash and bank balances                                                             109,773,065       112,401,964
          Less: Restricted funds (Note 36)                                                     8,862,592         7,823,958
             Interests receivable                                                              1,332,739         1,349,735


          Cash and cash equivalents                                                           99,577,734       103,228,271




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report    301
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




52 SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION TO THE CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
      (Continued)
      (b)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities
                                              1 January     Increase for the year         Decrease for the year        31 December
             Items                                 2023          Cash      Non-cash            Cash      Non-cash             2023


             Short-term loans                  9,801,009   107,509,310       (379,976) 107,798,628        1,517,781       7,613,934
             Short-term financing
               instruments payable            11,859,811   164,192,196         44,046    119,249,506       (560,465)     57,407,012
             Debt instruments issued
               long-term loans, and
               debt instruments
               issued due within
               one year and others        127,715,858       70,606,594        564,847     54,387,439       229,932      144,269,928
             Lease liabilities                 1,971,782            —       1,346,079       875,360          13,904       2,428,597


             Total                       151,348,460       342,308,100      1,574,996    282,310,933      1,201,152     211,719,471


                                               1 January     Increase for the year         Decrease for the year       31 December
             Items                                 2022          Cash       Non-cash           Cash       Non-cash            2022


             Short-term loans                  7,261,987    10,022,475        313,294      7,590,604       206,143        9,801,009
             Short-term financing
               instruments payable            14,630,461    55,920,219         72,485     59,533,870       (770,516)     11,859,811
             Debt instruments issued,
               long-term loans, and
               debt instruments
               issued due within
               one year and others       181,860,848        11,908,309       (246,891)    65,483,074       323,334      127,715,858
             Lease liabilities                 1,884,935            —         817,458       732,252          (1,641)      1,971,782
             Others                             464,973        59,430          69,894       594,297                —             —


             Total                       206,103,204        77,910,433      1,026,240    133,934,097       (242,680)    151,348,460




302
53 INTERESTS IN THE UNCONSOLIDATED STRUCTURED ENTITIES
   The Group is involved with structured entities primarily through investments and asset management business. The
   Group determines whether to consolidate these structured entities depending on whether the Group has control over
   them. The interests held by the Group in these unconsolidated structured entities are set out as below:


   Structured entities sponsored by the Group:


   Unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group mainly include investment funds and asset management
   plans sponsored by the Group. The nature and objective of the structured entities is to manage investors’ assets
   and collect management fees. Financing is sustained through investment products issued to investors. The interests
   held by the Group in these unconsolidated structured entities mainly involve management fees and performance fees
   collected from managed structured entities.


   In 2023, the Group obtained management fee, commission and performance fee amounting to RMB6,918 million
   from the unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group, for which the Group held no investment as at
   31 December 2023 (2022: RMB8,016 million).


   The maximum exposure and the book value of relevant balance sheet items of the Group arising from these
   unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group were set out as below:


                                                                                               31 December 2023
                                                                                              Carrying         Maximum
                                                                                               amount          exposure


    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (Mandatory)                       13,561,265        13,561,265


                                                                                               31 December 2022
                                                                                               Carrying         Maximum
                                                                                                amount          exposure


    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (Mandatory)                       12,793,654        12,793,654




                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   303
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




53 INTERESTS IN THE UNCONSOLIDATED STRUCTURED ENTITIES (Continued)
      Structured entities sponsored by third party financial institutions:


      The maximum exposure and the book value of relevant balance sheet items of the Group arising from the interest held
      in directly invested structured entities such as asset backed securities, asset management plan and trust plan that are
      sponsored by third party financial institutions were set out as below:


                                                                                                   31 December 2023
                                                                                                   Carrying         Maximum
                                                                                                    amount           exposure


       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (Mandatory)                         63,440,735        63,440,735


                                                                                                    31 December 2022
                                                                                                    Carrying         Maximum
                                                                                                     amount          exposure


       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (Mandatory)                         51,523,231        51,523,231


54 TRANSFERRED FINANCIAL ASSETS
      The Group enters into transactions in the normal course of business by which it transfers recognised financial assets
      to third parties or customers. In some cases where these transfers may give rise to full or partial derecognition of the
      financial assets concerned. In other cases where the Group has retained substantially all the risks and rewards of
      these assets, the Group continues to recognise the transferred assets.


      Repurchase transactions
      Transferred financial assets that do not qualify for derecognition include debt securities held by counterparties as
      collateral under repurchase agreements. The counterparties are allowed to repledge those securities sold under
      repurchase agreements in the absence of default by the Group, but has an obligation to return the securities at
      the maturity of the contract. If the securities increase or decrease in value, the Group may in certain circumstances
      require counterparties to return a portion of the collateral or be required to place additional collateral. The Group has
      determined that it retains substantially all the risks and rewards of these securities and therefore does not derecognise
      them. A financial liability is recognised for cash received.


      Securities lending arrangements
      Transferred financial assets that do not qualify for derecognition include securities lent to customers for securities
      selling transactions, for which the customers provide the Group with collateral that could fully cover the credit risk
      exposure of the securities lent. The customers have an obligation to return the securities according to the contracts.
      If the securities increase or decrease in value, the Group may in certain circumstances require customers to return a
      portion of the collateral or to place additional collateral. The Group has determined that it retains substantially all the
      risks and rewards of these securities and therefore does not derecognise them.




304
54 TRANSFERRED FINANCIAL ASSETS (Continued)
   The following table analyses the carrying amount of the above-mentioned financial assets transferred to third parties or
   customers that did not qualify for derecognition and their associated financial liabilities:

                                                            31 December 2023                         31 December 2022
                                                            Carrying      Carrying                   Carrying       Carrying
                                                          amount of     amount of                  amount of      amount of
                                                         transferred        related               transferred         related
                                                              assets     liabilities                  assets        liabilities


    Repurchase agreements                                 62,549,737         55,314,106           50,802,761         44,157,933
    Securities lending                                     5,224,390                 —             4,633,189                 —


    Total                                                 67,774,127         55,314,106           55,435,950         44,157,933


55 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
   (a)   Capital commitments
                                                                                                      31 December
                                                                                                       2023               2022


            Contracted, but not provided for                                                       3,059,416          3,446,498

         The above-mentioned capital commitments are mainly in respect of the construction of properties and purchase
         of equipment of the Group.

   (b)   Operating lease commitments — as a lessor
         The undiscounted amount of lease payments payable to the Group as lessor upon the balance sheet date is
         summarised as follows:


                                                                                                      31 December
                                                                                                       2023               2022


            Within one year                                                                         316,030            325,790
            After one year but not more than two years                                              267,789            303,305
            After two years but not more than three years                                           124,993            256,071
            After three years but not more than four years                                           22,113            116,949
            After four years but not more than five years                                            20,128             16,703
            After five years                                                                        126,811            100,538


            Total                                                                                   877,864           1,119,356

   (c)   Legal proceedings
         In the ordinary course of business, the Group is subject to claims and are parties to legal and regulatory proceedings.
         As at 31 December 2023 and 2022, the Group was not involved in any material legal, or arbitration that if adversely
         determine, would materially and adversely affect the Group’s financial position or results of operations.

                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report      305
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




56 RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES
      (1)   China CITIC Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.
            On 25 August 2023, CITIC Corporation Limited, and its concert party, CITIC Limited, transferred 2,733,961,712
            shares of the Company held by them in aggregate to China CITIC Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. (“CITIC Financial
            Holdings”) without consideration. After the gratuitous transfer, CITIC Financial Holdings held 2,733,961,712
            shares in the Company, representing 18.45% of the total number of issued shares of the Company.


            CITIC Financial Holdings was initiated and established by CITIC Corporation Limited on 24 March 2022, with its
            registered office located in Beijing and registered capital of RMB33.8 billion. CITIC Corporation Limited holds
            100% equity interest in CITIC Financial Holdings.


            The Company’s operating performance and financial position consolidated were consolidated into the financial
            statements of CITIC Financial Holdings from August 2023, as a consolidated subsidiary of CITIC Financial
            Holdings.


            Name of the     Enterprise     Place of       Legal            Principal       Registered     Percentage of         Voting        Uniform Social
            shareholder     type           registration   representative   activities    share capital    equity interest       rights          Credit Code



            CITIC           State-         Beijing        Xi Guohua        Financial    RMB33.8 billion          19.24%         19.24%   91110105MA7K30YL2P

              Financial       controlled                                     services

              Holdings


            CITIC Financial Holdings increased its shareholding in the Company’s H shares during the period from
            September 2023 to December 2023, and as at 31 December 2023, its shareholding in the Company amounted
            to a total of 19.24% of the Company’s issued shares.


      (2)   Related party transactions
            (a)     Related party transactions with CITIC Financial Holdings and its Major related parties
                    Transactions during the period

                                                                                                                              2023                  2022


                      Interest income                                                                                       854,918             944,741
                      Income from providing services                                                                        178,729             421,592
                      Investment-related income                                                                             125,037             582,015
                      Leasing income                                                                                         37,001              38,510


                      Expense from receiving services                                                                       425,409             393,950
                      Interest expenses                                                                                      66,761              58,140
                      Lease payment                                                                                          64,097              59,295
                      Interest expenses of leasing liabilities                                                                2,054               2,542
                      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                    39,817              35,324




306
56 RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Continued)
   (2)   Related party transactions (Continued)
         (a)   Related party transactions with CITIC Financial Holdings and its Major related parties (Continued)
               Balances at the end of the year
                                                                                                                             31 December
                                                                                                                              2023            2022


                     Cash held on behalf of customers(i)                                                             35,300,015        31,868,260
                     Cash and bank balances         (i)
                                                                                                                       6,081,971        6,316,028
                     Refundable deposits                                                                                     40,755              —
                     Other current assets                                                                                   101,960        187,581
                     Right-of-use assets                                                                                     44,220         86,415


                     Repurchase agreements                                                                             3,180,016                 —
                     Short-term financing instruments payable                                                          1,023,968            18,297
                     Lease liabilities                                                                                       45,054         91,536
                     Other current liabilities                                                                              198,654         26,277
                     Short-term loans                                                                                       338,019        532,272
                     Contract liabilities                                                                                     4,948          2,448

               (i)       Represented deposits placed with financial institution subsidiaries of CITIC Financial Holdings.


               As at 31 December 2023, the contracted amount of CITIC Financial Center paid to the major
               related parties of CITIC Financial Holdings by the Company is RMB926 million (31 December 2022:
               RMB659 million).


         (b)   Related party transactions with subsidiaries
               Transactions during the period


                                                                                                                              2023            2022


                     Interest income                                                                                        690,925        863,969
                     Income from providing services                                                                         155,447        120,364
                     Lease income                                                                                            16,146         13,738
                     Investment-related income                                                                              (73,187)       (218,797)


                     Interest expenses                                                                                      109,856         59,751
                     Expense from receiving services                                                                          2,096           1,500
                     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                    342,045        349,641
                     Interest expenses of leasing liabilities                                                                16,211         30,705




                                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report           307
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




56 RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Continued)
      (2)   Related party transactions (Continued)
            (b)   Related party transactions with subsidiaries (Continued)
                  Balances at the end of the year


                                                                                              31 December
                                                                                              2023             2022


                   Other current assets                                                 36,526,240       29,993,854
                   Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income     6,507,173        7,387,687
                   Deposits for investments-stock index futures                          6,490,715       10,157,957
                   Derivative financial assets                                           1,969,136        1,534,927
                   Refundable deposits                                                   9,973,113        8,911,709
                   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (mandatory)    37,122,863       20,309,515
                   Right-of-use assets                                                     348,716          704,010


                   Other current liabilities                                             1,011,532        1,157,264
                   Derivative financial liabilities                                      3,012,387        5,114,582
                   Customer brokerage deposits                                             631,964          737,510
                   Short-term financing instruments payable                                154,417          130,276
                   Debt instruments issued                                               5,176,915        4,950,630
                   Lease liabilities                                                       318,788          686,585

                  Significant balances and transactions between the Parent and subsidiaries set out above have been
                  eliminated in the consolidated financial statements.


                  As at 31 December 2023, the collective assets management plans managed by the Company and held by
                  the Company and its subsidiaries amounted to RMB716 million (31 December 2022: RMB602 million).




308
56 RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Continued)
   (2)   Related party transactions (Continued)
         (c)   Shareholder who directly and indirectly holds more than 5% shares of the Company — Guangzhou
               Yuexiu Capital Holdings Group Co., Ltd., and its parties acting in concert, Guangzhou Yuexiu
               Capital Holdings Co., Ltd. and Yuexiu Financial International Holding Limited
               Transactions during the period


                                                                                                                     2023                  2022


                     Investment-related income(i)                                                                 (12,418)              (63,870)
                     Income from providing services                                                                  2,665                4,051


                     Interest expenses                                                                                  20                    —

               Balances at the end of the year


                                                                                                                     2023                  2022


                     Other current liabilities                                                                       3,628                3,544

               (i)       As of 31 December 2023, investment-related income received by the Company from shareholders directly or indirectly holding
                         5% or more shares of the Company are compensations under the Asset Protection Agreement related to issuance of shares to
                         purchase assets.


         (d)   Associates
               Transactions during the year


                                                                                                                     2023                  2022


                     Interest Income                                                                                 6,211                8,828
                     Investment-related income                                                                    (18,379)                5,577
                     Income from providing services                                                                  2,258                  784


                     Expense from receiving services                                                               17,746               10,472
                     Interest expenses                                                                                461                2,532


                     Net redemptions of equity investments                                                       (462,130)              (78,887)




                                                                             CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report             309
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




56 RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Continued)
      (2)   Related party transactions (Continued)
            (d)    Associates (Continued)
                   Balances at the end of the year


                                                                                                       31 December
                                                                                                        2023               2022


                    Refundable deposits and others                                                    43,019           500,759
                    Short-term financing instruments payable                                          23,755             18,297
                    Other current assets                                                               1,031                  —
                    Other current liabilities                                                        138,756             94,249

            (e)    Others
                   In 2023, the pre-tax immediate compensation and pre-tax deferred compensation paid by the Company to
                   Senior Management was RMB72.93 million and RMB47.11 million, respectively (2022: RMB80.21 million
                   for pre-tax immediate compensation and RMB49.49 million for pre-tax deferred compensation).


57 FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY
      Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction in
      the principal (or most advantageous) market at the measurement date under current market conditions regardless of
      whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique.

      Fair value hierarchy
      The Group uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair values of financial instruments:


      Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets, in which the Group principally trades, for identical financial
      assets or financial liabilities at the measurement date.


      Level 2: Valuation techniques using inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the
      financial asset or financial liability, either directly or indirectly.


      Level 3: Valuation techniques using inputs for the financial asset or financial liability that are not based on observable
      market data (unobservable inputs).




310
57 FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY (Continued)
   (a)   Financial instruments measured at fair value
          31 December 2023                                  Level 1          Level 2           Level 3                Total


          Financial assets:
          Financial assets at fair value through
            profit or loss (Mandatory)
           ­— Debt securities                            12,812,478     251,417,738        33,756,777       297,986,993
            — Equity investments                        261,663,916       7,537,504        18,643,527       287,844,947
            — Others                                       190,425       28,799,388                 —        28,989,813

          Subtotal                                      274,666,819     287,754,630        52,400,304       614,821,753

          Financial assets at fair value through
            profit or loss (Designated)                     21,821          801,731         9,401,470        10,225,022

          Derivative financial assets                     1,323,156      25,094,534         6,336,555        32,754,245

          Financial assets at fair value through
            other comprehensive income
            — Debt securities                             1,889,427      59,440,892        19,853,063        81,183,382
            — Equity investments                                 —        5,721,858         3,792,355         9,514,213

          Subtotal                                        1,889,427      65,162,750        23,645,418        90,697,595

          Total                                         277,901,223     378,813,645        91,783,747       748,498,615

          Financial liabilities:
          Financial liabilities at fair value through
            profit or loss                               11,483,557      55,395,035        19,583,606        86,462,198


          Derivative financial liabilities                 608,619       26,169,695         5,227,707        32,006,021

          Total                                          12,092,176      81,564,730        24,811,313       118,468,219




                                                                CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report     311
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




57 FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY (Continued)
      (a)   Financial instruments recorded at fair value (Continued)

             31 December 2022                                  Level 1       Level 2      Level 3         Total


             Financial assets:
             Financial assets at fair value through
                profit or loss (Mandatory)
                — Debt securities                           67,674,811   137,313,055   40,680,182   245,668,048
                — Equity investments                       219,792,129    12,507,655   19,172,109   251,471,893
                — Others                                      615,531     22,112,182           —     22,727,713


             Subtotal                                      288,082,471   171,932,892   59,852,291   519,867,654


             Financial assets at fair value through
                profit or loss (Designated)                      2,059      734,444    10,318,535    11,055,038


             Derivative financial assets                      684,416     29,163,647    6,540,664    36,388,727


             Financial assets at fair value through
                other comprehensive income
                — Debt securities                            6,368,553    52,228,929   11,517,692    70,115,174
                — Equity investments                                —             —      162,540       162,540


             Subtotal                                        6,368,553    52,228,929   11,680,232    70,277,714


             Total                                         295,137,499   254,059,912   88,391,722   637,589,133


             Financial liabilities:
             Financial liabilities at fair value through
               profit or loss                               17,478,596    43,571,361   30,065,638    91,115,595


             Derivative financial liabilities                 545,592     23,162,996    4,413,910    28,122,498


             Total                                          18,024,188    66,734,357   34,479,548   119,238,093




312
57 FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY (Continued)
   (b)   Valuation techniques used and the qualitative and quantitative information of key
         parameters for fair value measurement categorised within Level 2
         For debt instruments at fair value through profit or loss and at fair value through other comprehensive income
         whose value is available on quotation of related bond depository and clearing institution on the valuation date is
         measured using the latest valuation results published by related bond depository and clearing institution.


         For debt instruments, equity instruments and listed stocks at fair value through profit or loss and at fair value
         through other comprehensive income with restricted period whose value is not available in public market, the
         fair value is determined by valuation technique. The inputs of those valuation techniques include risk-free interest
         rate, implied volatility curve, RMB denominated swap yield curve, etc., which are all observable.


         For forward and swap interest rate derivative contracts in derivative financial assets and liabilities, the fair value is
         determined by discounting future cash flows using market interest rates based on the terms and maturity of each
         contract. The fair value of the derivatives embedded in the swap contracts is determined by using the returns
         calculated from the publicly quoted prices in the relevant market. The fair value of options business is determined
         through the option pricing model, and the volatility of the underlying reflects the observable input value of the
         corresponding option.


         There were no change on the valuation technique used by the Group for the above recurring fair value
         measurements categorised within Level 2.


   (c)   Valuation techniques used and the qualitative and quantitative information of key
         parameters for fair value measurements categorised within Level 3
         For unlisted equity investments, Over-the-counter options, etc., the Group adopts significant judgements and
         applies counterparties’ quotations and valuation techniques to determine the fair value. Valuation techniques
         include a discounted cash flow analysis, the market comparison approach, the option pricing model and the
         monte carlo model etc. The fair value measurement of these financial instruments may involve unobservable
         inputs such as liquidity discount, volatility, risk adjusted discount rate and market multiples, etc. The fair value
         of the financial instruments classified under Level 3 is not significantly sensitive to a reasonable change in these
         unobservable inputs.


         There were no change on the valuation technique used by the Group for the above recurring fair value
         measurements categorised within Level 3.




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report       313
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




57 FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY (Continued)
      (d)   Movements in Level 3 financial instruments measured at fair value
            The reconciliations of the opening and closing balances of Level 3 financial assets and liabilities which are
            measured at fair value are presented below:

                                                                                    Total gains/
                                                                                        (losses)
                                                                 Total gains/          recorded
                                                        As at         (losses)          in other                                   Transfers       Transfers       Transfers       Transfers           As at
                                                    1 January    recorded in      comprehensive                                    to Level 3      to Level 3      to Level 1      to Level 2   31 December
                                                         2023   profit or loss           income        Additions   Decreases    from Level 1    from Level 2    from Level 3    from Level 3           2023


             Financial assets:
             Financial assets at fair value
                through profit or loss
                (Mandatory)
               — Debt instruments                  40,680,182       1,942,357              30,202     25,950,042   34,406,335             —          167,646         536,990          70,327      33,756,777
               — Equity instruments                19,172,109        (935,871)             14,379      3,969,159    3,226,593             —            8,471              —          358,127      18,643,527
             Financial assets at fair value
                through profit or loss
                (Designated)                       10,318,535      (2,027,906)              8,028      1,687,599      584,786             —               —               —               —        9,401,470
             Derivative financial assets            6,540,664      (2,606,766)                862      2,790,805      343,746             —               —           45,264              —        6,336,555
             Financial assets at fair value
                through other comprehensive
                income                             11,680,232         866,250            142,661      19,255,237    8,502,235             —          203,273              —               —       23,645,418

             Financial liabilities:
             Financial liabilities at fair value
                through profit or loss             30,065,638      (4,824,981)                627     11,510,801   17,168,479             —               —               —               —       19,583,606
             Derivative financial liabilities       4,413,910      (5,020,824)                 —       8,639,781    2,759,859             —               —           45,301              —        5,227,707


                                                                                     Total gains/
                                                                                           (losses)
                                                                  Total gains/         recorded
                                                        As at          (losses)          in other                                   Transfers       Transfers       Transfers       Transfers          As at
                                                    1 January     recorded in     comprehensive                                    to Level 3      to Level 3      to Level 1      to Level 2   31 December
                                                        2022     profit or loss           income       Additions   Decreases    from Level 1    from Level 2    from Level 3    from Level 3           2022


             Financial assets:
             Financial assets at fair value
                through profit or loss
                (Mandatory)
                — Debt instruments                 56,658,072      1,833,927              55,421      62,894,839   81,818,225             —       1,072,739          16,591              —        40,680,182
               — Equity instruments                22,441,821        603,387             155,403       6,947,924    7,143,164             —         114,552         314,054       3,633,760       19,172,109
               — Others                               337,562             —                   —               —       337,562             —              —               —               —                —
             Financial assets at fair value
                through profit or loss
                (Designated)                       11,507,823      1,078,950              28,387       1,443,871    3,740,496             —               —               —               —       10,318,535
             Derivative financial assets            2,920,334      6,063,584               5,310       3,386,770    5,835,334             —               —               —               —        6,540,664
             Financial assets at fair value
                through other comprehensive
                income                              9,318,267        440,977            (194,466)     11,961,043    9,857,607             —          73,111               —          61,093       11,680,232

             Financial liabilities:
             Financial liabilities at fair value
                through profit or loss             33,048,659     (1,883,650)                  —      14,064,436   15,163,807             —               —               —               —       30,065,638
             Derivative financial liabilities       7,524,230     (5,379,830)                  —      11,546,243    9,276,733             —               —               —               —        4,413,910


            The amount of investment income recognised in profit or loss from Level 3 financial instruments held by the
            Group was RMB8,115 million in 2023 (2022: RMB11,604 million).


314
57 FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY (Continued)
   (e)   Financial instruments not measured at fair value
         At the end of the reporting period, the following financial assets and liabilities of the Group are not measured at
         fair value:


         (i)    For refundable deposits, reverse repurchase agreements, cash held on behalf of customers, cash and
                bank balances, fee and commission receivables, margin accounts, due from banks and other financial
                institutions, customer brokerage deposits, repurchase agreements, short-term loans, due to banks and
                other financial institutions, short-term financing instruments payable and lease liabilities, these financial
                instruments’ fair values approximate their carrying amounts.


         (ii)   The recorded amounts and fair values of debt instruments issued are summarised below.


                                                                 Carrying amount                      Fair value
                                                          31 December       31 December 31 December          31 December
                                                                    2023             2022            2023               2022


                 Debt instruments issued                    108,555,434        74,759,187    110,018,597       75,319,762

58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT OVERVIEW
   Overview
   The Company has implemented comprehensive risk management mechanism and internal control processes, through
   which it monitors, evaluates and manages the financial, operational, compliance and legal risks that it is exposed to in
   its business activities, and implements vertical risk management of its subsidiaries through different models including
   business guidance, operational support and decision-making management.


   The Company has established a complete and effective governance structure. The Company’s general meeting, the
   Board of Directors and the Supervisory Committee perform their duties to oversee and manage the operation of the
   Company based on Company Law of the People’s Republic of China, Securities Law of the People’s Republic of
   China, and the Articles of Association of the Company. By strengthening the relevant internal control arrangements
   and improving the Company’s internal control environment and internal control structures, the Board has incorporated
   internal control and risk management as essential elements in the Company’s decision-making processes.


   Structure of Risk Management
   The Company has formed a three-level risk management system in which the risk management committee of the
   Board of Directors and the professional committee under the management team make collective decisions, and the
   internal control department closely coordinates with the business department/business line to manage risks from the
   aspects of deliberation, decision, implementation and supervision. At the level of departments and business lines,
   three lines of risk management are formed.




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report    315
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT OVERVIEW (Continued)
      Structure of Risk Management (Continued)
      Level 1: The Board of Directors
      The Risk Management Committee of the Board of Directors supervises the overall risk management of the Company
      with the aim of controlling risks within an acceptable scope and ensures smooth implementation of effective risk
      management schemes over risks relating to the operating activities; prepares overall risk management policies for
      the Board’s review; formulates strategic structure and resources to be allocated for the Company’s risk management
      purposes and keeps them in line with the internal risk management policies of the Company; sets boundaries for major
      risk indicators; performs supervision and review on the risk management policies and makes recommendation to the
      Board.


      Level 2: Operation Management
      The Operation Management shall take the major responsibility for the effectiveness of risk management of the
      Company, which includes: to formulate risk management systems; to build up and improve the comprehensive
      risk management structure of the Company; to formulate the risk appetite, risk tolerance and major risk limits,
      regularly assess the overall risk and various key risk management positions of the Company, address issues in risk
      management and report to the Board; to build up a performance appraisal system for all employees covering the
      effectiveness of the risk management; to establish a complete IT system and data quality control mechanism; and to
      perform other responsibilities related to risk management.


      The professional committees under the Operation Management, including the Assets and Liabilities Management
      Committee, the Capital Commitment Committee, the Risk Management Committee and the Product Committee, are
      responsible for relevant management work within the authority delegated by the Board and the Operation Management
      of the Company, respectively.


      Level 3: Division/Business Lines
      Being the Company’s first line of defense in risk management, front-office business departments/business lines
      of the Company bear the first-line responsibility for risk management. These departments are responsible for the
      establishment of business management systems and risk management systems for various businesses and performing
      supervision, assessment and reporting on business risks and maintaining such risks within the approved limits.


      Internal control departments, such as the Risk Management Department, Compliance Department, Legal Department,
      and the Office of the Board of the Company, are the Company’ second line of defense in risk management. They
      exercise their respective specialized risk management functions within the scope of their responsibilities.


      The Audit Department of the Company is the third line of defense in risk management and has the overall responsibility
      for internal audit, planning and implementing internal audit of all departments/business lines of the Company, its
      subsidiaries and branches, monitoring the implementation of internal control systems, preventing various moral and
      policy risks, and assisting the Company in the investigation of emergency events.




316
58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT OVERVIEW (Continued)
   (a)   Credit risk
         Credit risk is the risk in respect of loss arising from the failure to perform obligations by a borrower, counterparty
         or issuer of financial positions held, or the result of whose credit qualifications deteriorate.


         The Group continues to maintain strict risk management standards for its securities financing business from
         multiple perspectives such as pledge ratio, collaterals, security deposits ratio, concentration, liquidity and
         durations, and manages its credit risk exposure through timely mark to market.


         Expected credit loss (ECL) measurement
         The measurement of the ECL allowance for financial instruments, including investments in financial assets
         measured at amortised cost (including margin accounts, reverse repurchase agreements), debt instruments at
         fair value through other comprehensive income and securities lending is an area that requires the use of models
         and assumptions about the future economic conditions and credit behavior of the clients (such as the likelihood
         of customers defaulting and the resulting losses).


         The Company has applied a ‘three-stage’ impairment model for ECL measurement based on changes in credit
         quality since the initial recognition of financial instruments as summarised below:


         —     A financial instrument that is not significant increase in credit risk (“SICR”) on initial recognition is classified
               as “Stage 1” and has its credit risk continuously monitored by the Company;


         —     If a “SICR” since initial recognition is identified, the financial instrument is moved to “Stage 2” but is not yet
               deemed to be credit-impaired;


         —     If the financial instrument is credit-impaired, the financial instrument is moved to “Stage 3”.


         Stage 1: The Company measures the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to the next
         12 months ECL. Stage 2 and 3: The Company measures the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an
         amount equal to the lifetime ECL. Purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets are those financial
         assets that are credit-impaired on initial recognition. The ECL is always measured on a lifetime basis.


         For Stage 1 and Stage 2, the debt securities investments (i.e. debt instruments at fair value through other
         comprehensive income) and Financing assets (including margin accounts, securities lending and stock-pledged
         repo under reverse repurchase agreements) are used to assess loss allowance with the risk parameter modelling
         approach that incorporated key parameters by the management, including Probability of Default (“PD”), Loss
         Given Default (“LGD”), Exposure at Default (“EAD”) and Loss Ratio (“LR”) taking into consideration of forward
         looking factors. For credit-impaired financial assets classified under Stage 3, the management assesses the
         credit loss allowance by estimating the cash flows expected to arise from the financial assets after taking into
         consideration of forward looking factors.




                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report       317
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT OVERVIEW (Continued)
      (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
            Expected credit loss (ECL) measurement (Continued)
            Measuring ECL — inputs, assumptions and estimation techniques
            The measurement of ECL adopted by the management, involves judgements, assumptions and estimations,
            including:

            •     Selection of the appropriate models and assumptions;

            •     Determination of the criteria for SICR, definition of default and credit impairment;

            •     Establishment of the number and relative weightings of forward-looking scenarios for each type of product.

            For debt securities investments, ECL is the discounted product of the PD, LGD and EAD after considering the
            forward-looking impact. For margin accounts and stock-pledged repo under reverse repurchase agreements
            (“Financing assets”), ECL are the discounted product of the LR and EAD after considering the forward-looking
            impact.

            —     PD represents the likelihood of a borrower defaulting on its financial obligation, either over the next
                  12 months (12M PD), or over the remaining lifetime (Lifetime PD) of the obligation. For debt securities
                  investments, the appropriate external and internal credit ratings are taken into consideration.

            —     LGD represents the Company’s expectation of the extent of loss on a defaulted exposure. For debt
                  securities investments, LGD is determined based on assessed publicly available information.

            —     EAD is based on the amounts the Company expects to be owed at the time of default, over the next
                  12 months (12M EAD) or over the remaining lifetime (Lifetime EAD).

            —     LR represents the Company’s expectation of the likelihood of default and extent of loss on exposure. The
                  Company uses historical loss rates and assesses their appropriateness. The Company determines LR
                  based on factors including: the coverage ratio of related loan to underlying collateral value and the volatility
                  of such collateral’s valuation, the realised value of collateral upon forced liquidation taking account the
                  estimated volatility over the realisation period.

            The criteria of significant increase in credit risk (“SICR”)
            The Company evaluates the financial instruments at each financial reporting date after considering whether a
            SICR has occurred since initial recognition. An ECL allowance for financial instruments is recognised according
            to the stage of ECL, which reflects the reasonable information and evidence available about the SICR and is also
            forward-looking. The Company considers a financial instrument to have experienced SICR when one or more of
            the following quantitative, qualitative or backstop criteria have been met.

            The Company considers debt securities investments to have experienced a SICR if the latest internal ratings of
            issuers of debt securities or the debt securities themselves underwent two levels of downward migration or more,
            compared to their ratings on initial recognition; or if the latest internal ratings of the debt securities or the issuers
            of the debt securities were under investment grade.

            The Company considers Financing assets to have experienced a SICR if margin calls are triggered when the
            threshold of relevant collateral to loan ratios are below a force liquidation level.



318
58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT OVERVIEW (Continued)
   (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
         Expected credit loss (ECL) measurement (Continued)
         The criteria of significant increase in credit risk (“SICR”) (Continued)
         A backstop is applied to all relevant financial instruments and they are considered to have experienced a SICR
         if the borrower, the counterparty, the issuer or the debtor is more than 30 days past due on its contractual
         payments.


         Financial instruments are considered to have a low credit risk when the borrower has a strong capacity to meet
         its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term and adverse changes in economic and business conditions
         in the longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow
         obligations.


         The Company has not used the low credit risk exemption as 31 December 2023.

         Definition of credit-impaired assets
         The Company assesses whether a financial instrument is credit-impaired in a manner consistent with its internal
         credit risk policies for managing financial instruments. The consideration includes quantitative criteria and
         qualitative criteria. The Company defines a financial instrument as credit-impaired, which is fully aligned with the
         definition of “in default”, when it meets one or more of the following criteria:

         •     The borrower is more than 90 days past due on its contractual payments;


         •     Bonds or other bonds of the same issuer have materially defaulted, or extended or triggered
               cross-protection clauses;


         •     For Financing assets, a forced liquidation of a client’s position is triggered based on a pre-determined
               threshold of collateral to loan ratios and the collateral valuation falls short of the related loan or repo
               amounts;


         •     The latest external ratings of issuers of debt securities or debt securities themselves are in default grade;


         •     The debtor, issuer, borrower or counterparty is in significant financial difficulty;


         •     An active market for that financial instrument has disappeared because of financial difficulties;


         •     Concessions have been made by the Company relating to the debtor, issuer, borrower or counterparty’s
               financial difficulty;


         •     It is becoming probable that the debtor, issuer, borrower, or counterparty will enter bankruptcy or
               undertake a financial restructuring.

         When a financial instrument is considered to be credit-impaired, it may be the result of multiple events, not due
         to a separately identifiable event.



                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report      319
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT OVERVIEW (Continued)
      (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
            Expected credit loss (ECL) measurement (Continued)
            Forward-looking information
            The assessment of SICR and the calculation of ECL both incorporate forward-looking information.


            For debt securities investments, the Company has performed historical data analysis and identified the key
            economic variables impacting credit risk and ECL. Key economic variables mainly include the growth rate of
            Domestic GDP, producer price index and the total retail sales of consumer goods. The Company using the
            regression analysis method to establish the historical relationship between these economic indicators and PD,
            EAD and LGD, forward-looking adjustments are finally made to ECL of Financing assets. For Financing assets,
            based on the analysis of the characteristics of these products, the Company has identified the key economic
            variables related to the risks of Financing assets, namely Volatility of Shanghai Composite Index and Shenzhen
            Composite Index. The Company makes forward looking adjustments to the ECL of Financing assets by analyzing
            the impacts of these economic variables.


            In addition to the base economic scenario, the Company’s expert team also provided other possible scenarios
            along with scenario weightings. The number of other scenarios used is set based on an analysis of each major
            product type to ensure non-linearities are captured. The number of scenarios and their attributes are reassessed
            at each financial reporting date.


            As at 31 December 2023, the Company concluded that three scenarios appropriately captured the non-
            linearities of key economic variables for all portfolios. The scenario weightings are determined by a combination
            of statistical analysis and expert judgement, taking account of the range of possible outcomes each chosen
            scenario is representative of. The probability weight of the three scenarios employed by the Company were
            almost same.


            The Company measures ECL as either a probability weighted 12 month ECL (Stage 1), or a probability weighted
            lifetime ECL (Stages 2 and 3). These probability-weighted ECLs are determined by running each scenario
            through the relevant ECL model and multiplying it by the appropriate scenario weighting.


            As with any economic forecasts, the projections and likelihoods of occurrence are subject to a high degree of
            inherent uncertainty and therefore the actual outcomes may be significantly different to those projected. The
            Company considers these forecasts to represent its best estimate of the possible outcomes as at the financial
            reporting date.




320
58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT OVERVIEW (Continued)
   (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
         Expected credit loss (ECL) measurement (Continued)
         Sensitivity analysis
         The allowance for credit losses could be sensitive to the inputs used in internally developed models,
         macroeconomic variables in the forward-looking forecasts, weighting applied to economic scenarios and other
         factors considered when applying expert judgement. Changes in these inputs, assumptions and judgements are
         likely to have an impact on the assessment of significant increase in credit risk and the measurement of ECLs.
         The Company regularly rechecks the model annually and makes appropriate amendments and optimisation
         to the assumptions and parameters used in the models according to the external economic environment and
         internal observable data.

         A sensitivity analysis is performed on key economic indicators, economic scenarios and weightings assigned
         used in forward-looking measurement. When the assigned weightings of optimistic scenario and pessimistic
         scenario change by 10%, the impact on ECL recognised is not significant.

         Meanwhile, the Company also uses sensitivity analysis to monitor the impact of changes to the credit risk
         classification of the financial assets on ECL. As at 31 December 2023, assuming there was no significant
         increase in credit risk since initial recognition, and all the financial assets in Stage 2 were moved to Stage 1, the
         decremental impact on ECL recognised in financial statements is not significant.

         Collateral and other credit enhancements
         The Company employs a range of policies and credit enhancements to mitigate credit risk exposure to an
         acceptable level. The most common of these is accepting collateral through funds advanced or guarantees. The
         Company determines the type and amount of collaterals according to the credit risk evaluation of counterparties.
         The collateral under Financing Assets are primarily stocks, debt securities, funds etc. Management tests the
         market value of collateral periodically, and makes margin calls according to related agreements. It also monitors
         the market value fluctuation of collateral when reviewing the measurement of the loss allowance.

         Loss Ratio of Financing Assets
         Based on the obligors’ credit quality, contract maturity date, the related collateral securities information, which
         including the sector situation, liquidity discount factor, concentration, volatility and related information, the
         Company sets differentiated collateral to loan ratios (generally no less than 140%) as triggering margin calls and
         force liquidation thresholds (collateral to loan ratios generally no less than 130%) against different exposures
         related to these transactions.

         —    For Financing assets exposures with collateral to loan ratios above the force liquidation thresholds and no
              past due; or those past due for no more than 30 days and exposures with collateral to loan ratios above
              triggering margin calls are classified under Stage 1.

         —    For Financing assets exposures with collateral to loan ratios above triggering margin calls and past due
              for more than 30 days and within 90 days; or those exposures with collateral to loan ratios between force
              liquidation thresholds and triggering margin calls and past due within 90 days; or those exposures with
              collateral to loan ratios between 100% and force liquidation thresholds and no past due or past due with
              90 days are considered to be with significant increase in credit risks and are classified under Stage 2.


                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report     321
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT OVERVIEW (Continued)
      (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
            Expected credit loss (ECL) measurement (Continued)
            Loss Ratio of Financing Assets (Continued)
            —     For Financing assets exposures with collateral to loan ratios fall below 100%; or those past due for more
                  than 90 days are considered to be credit-impaired and non-performing. These exposures are classified
                  under Stage 3.


            Loss ratio applied by the Company on its Financing assets under the 3 stages were as follows:


            Stage 1: 1% to 3% according to different collateral ratios;


            Stage 2: No less than 10%;


            Stage 3: Discounted cash flow on individual exposure.


            Credit risk exposure analysis
            The Company considered the credit risk of the Financing assets was relatively low. As at 31 December
            2023, most of the Financing assets’ ratio to underlying collateral value was over force liquidation level. As at
            31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, most of the debt securities investments of the Company were rated
            at investment grade or above.


            The maximum credit risk exposure of the Group after impairment allowance without taking account of
            any collateral and other credit enhancements
            The maximum credit risk exposure of the Group after impairment allowance without taking account of any
            collateral and other credit enhancements is presented below:


                                                                                                   31 December
                                                                                                   2023              2022


             Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
                (debt instruments)                                                           81,183,382        70,115,174
             Refundable deposits                                                             62,181,920        69,158,115
             Margin accounts                                                                118,745,730      106,976,333
             Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                          353,123,766      299,913,834
             Derivative financial assets                                                     32,754,245        36,388,727
             Reverse repurchase agreements                                                   62,209,157        31,483,059
             Cash held on behalf of customers                                               239,019,025      245,723,271
             Bank balances                                                                  109,772,850      112,401,728
             Others                                                                          68,995,714        59,042,452


             Total maximum credit risk exposure                                           1,127,985,789     1,031,202,693




322
58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT OVERVIEW (Continued)
   (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
         Risk concentrations
         Credit risk is often greater when counterparties are concentrated in one single industry or geographic location,
         or have comparable economic features. Meanwhile, different industrial sectors and geographic areas have their
         unique characteristics in terms of economic development, and could present different credit risks.

         The breakdown of the Group’s maximum credit risk exposure, without taking account of any collateral or other
         credit enhancements, as categorised by geographical area are summarised below.

                                                                                      By geographical area
                                                                                                Outside
                                                                              Chinese           Chinese
          31 December 2023                                                   Mainland          Mainland                 Total


          Financial assets at fair value through
            other comprehensive income (debt instruments)                  74,250,264          6,933,118         81,183,382
          Refundable deposits                                              58,783,192          3,398,728         62,181,920
          Margin accounts                                                 113,972,651          4,773,079        118,745,730
          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss           292,448,280         60,675,486        353,123,766
          Derivative financial assets                                      23,526,917          9,227,328         32,754,245
          Reverse repurchase agreements                                    61,671,516            537,641         62,209,157
          Cash held on behalf of customers                                225,674,772         13,344,253        239,019,025
          Bank balances                                                    94,907,638         14,865,212        109,772,850
          Others                                                           12,240,282         56,755,432         68,995,714


          Total maximum credit risk exposure                              957,475,512        170,510,277    1,127,985,789


                                                                                         By geographical area
                                                                                                 Outside
                                                                              Chinese           Chinese
          31 December 2022                                                    Mainland          Mainland                Total


          Financial assets at fair value through
            other comprehensive income (debt instruments)                  65,712,675          4,402,499         70,115,174
          Refundable deposits                                              63,356,907          5,801,208         69,158,115
          Margin accounts                                                 102,089,187          4,887,146        106,976,333
          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss           244,825,634         55,088,200        299,913,834
          Derivative financial assets                                      26,841,079          9,547,648         36,388,727
          Reverse repurchase agreements                                    30,758,121            724,938         31,483,059
          Cash held on behalf of customers                                228,780,297         16,942,974        245,723,271
          Bank balances                                                    99,079,484         13,322,244        112,401,728
          Others                                                            7,513,036         51,529,416         59,042,452


          Total maximum credit risk exposure                              868,956,420        162,246,273    1,031,202,693


                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report     323
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT OVERVIEW (Continued)
      (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
            Risk concentrations (Continued)
            The Group’s credit risk exposure of financial instruments for which an ECL allowance is recognised as follows
            according to the stage of ECL:


                                                                              31 December 2023
                                                             Stage 1          Stage 2           Stage 3             Total
             31 December 2023                         12-month ECL               Lifetime ECL


             Reverse repurchase agreements
             Amortised cost                               62,382,926          668,382         4,871,078       67,922,386
             Loss allowance                                  714,583          255,102         4,743,544         5,713,229


             Book value                                   61,668,343          413,280           127,534       62,209,157


             Margin accounts
             Amortised cost                             119,213,655           698,703           725,596      120,637,954
             Loss allowance                                1,189,743          102,924           599,557         1,892,224


             Book value                                 118,023,912           595,779           126,039      118,745,730


             Financial assets at fair value through
                other comprehensive income
                (debt instruments)
             Fair value                                   80,967,704          164,993            50,685       81,183,382


             Loss allowance                                  931,532            14,557          369,833         1,315,922


             Others
             Amortised cost                               68,973,240            60,781        1,872,906       70,906,927
             Loss allowance                                  219,459            12,316        1,870,447         2,102,222


             Book value                                   68,753,781            48,465             2,459      68,804,705




324
58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT OVERVIEW (Continued)
   (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
         Risk concentrations (Continued)


                                                                        31 December 2022
                                                        Stage 1          Stage 2           Stage 3                Total
          31 December 2022                         12-month ECL             Lifetime ECL


          Reverse repurchase agreements
          Amortised cost                             31,168,263         960,000         5,937,204        38,065,467
          Loss allowance                                481,762         260,809         5,839,837         6,582,408


          Book value                                 30,686,501         699,191             97,367       31,483,059


          Margin accounts
          Amortised cost                            107,157,437         729,220         1,591,220       109,477,877
          Loss allowance                              1,088,100         189,849         1,223,595         2,501,544


          Book value                                106,069,337         539,371            367,625      106,976,333


          Financial assets at fair value through
            other comprehensive income
            (debt instruments)
          Fair value                                 69,987,932                —           127,242       70,115,174


          Loss allowance                                506,632                —           257,777          764,409


          Others
          Amortised cost                             58,716,606         104,524         1,925,405        60,746,535
          Loss allowance                                165,525           76,069        1,834,535         2,076,129


          Book value                                 58,551,081           28,455            90,870       58,670,406




                                                            CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report     325
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT OVERVIEW (Continued)
      (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
            Risk concentrations (Continued)


            (i)   Credit loss allowance for reverse repurchase agreements


                                                                 Stage of ECL
                                                   Stage 1             Stage 2             Stage 3           Total
                                                                                     Lifetime ECL
                                              12-month ECL        Lifetime ECL (Credit-impaired)


                   1 January 2023                  481,762             260,809           5,839,837      6,582,408
                   Increases                       598,613                  —                    —        598,613
                   Reversals                       (365,792)            (5,377)           (956,577)     (1,327,746)
                   Write-offs                            —                  —                    —              —
                   Transfers between stages
                      — Increase                         —                  —                    —              —
                      — Decrease                         —                  —                    —              —
                   Others                                —                (330)            (139,716)     (140,046)


                   31 December 2023                714,583             255,102           4,743,544      5,713,229



                                                                  Stage of ECL
                                                      Stage 1           Stage 2              Stage 3         Total
                                                                                        Lifetime ECL
                                                12-month ECL        Lifetime ECL    (Credit-impaired)


                   1 January 2022                    289,567            516,394           6,038,597     6,844,558
                   Increases                         499,823            152,241             100,228       752,292
                   Reversals                         (307,628)         (127,382)           (579,432)    (1,014,442)
                   Write-offs                              —                    —                 —             —
                   Transfers between stages
                      — Increase                           —                    —           280,444       280,444
                      — Decrease                           —           (280,444)                  —      (280,444)
                   Others                                  —                    —                 —             —


                   31 December 2022                  481,762            260,809           5,839,837     6,582,408




326
58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT OVERVIEW (Continued)
   (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
         Risk concentrations (Continued)
         (i)    Credit loss allowance for reverse repurchase agreements (Continued)
                Analysed loss allowance for stock-pledged repo


                                                               31 December 2023
                                                    Stage 1              Stage 2             Stage 3                   Total


                 Book value                      33,837,072              668,382           4,871,077          39,376,531
                 Loss allowance                     714,269              255,102           4,743,545           5,712,916
                 Collateral                      80,154,819            1,198,072           4,658,536          86,011,427


                                                               31 December 2022
                                                    Stage 1               Stage 2             Stage 3                  Total


                 Book value                      22,499,002              960,000           5,937,204          29,396,206
                 Loss allowance                     481,762              260,809           5,839,837           6,582,408
                 Collateral                      69,369,955            1,931,810           7,203,323          78,505,088

         (ii)   Credit loss allowance for margin accounts


                                                                  Stage of ECL
                                                    Stage 1              Stage 2             Stage 3                   Total
                                                                                       Lifetime ECL
                                            12-month ECL           Lifetime ECL (Credit-impaired)


                 1 January 2023                   1,088,100              189,849           1,223,595           2,501,544
                 Increases                          188,746                    —                  605            189,351
                 Reversals                          (87,103)              (86,926)          (625,407)            (799,436)
                 Write-offs                              —                     —                   —                     —
                 Transfers between stages
                   — Increase                            —                     —                   —                     —
                   — Decrease                            —                     —                   —                     —
                 Other changes                           —                      1                 764                   765


                 31 December 2023                 1,189,743              102,924             599,557           1,892,224




                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report     327
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT OVERVIEW (Continued)
      (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
            Risk concentrations (Continued)
            (ii)    Credit loss allowance for margin accounts (Continued)


                                                                   Stage of ECL
                                                       Stage 1           Stage 2                Stage 3            Total
                                                                                           Lifetime ECL
                                                 12-month ECL        Lifetime ECL      (Credit-impaired)


                     1 January 2022                  1,274,829           191,920             1,852,602      3,319,351
                     Increases                          55,448           270,229                  7,502       333,179
                     Reversals                        (237,486)         (189,866)             (728,082)    (1,155,434)
                     Write-offs                             —                    —                   —                —
                     Transfers between stages
                       — Increase                            3               4,704              87,135            91,842
                       — Decrease                       (4,704)             (87,138)                 —        (91,842)
                     Other changes                          10                   —                4,438            4,448


                     31 December 2022                1,088,100           189,849             1,223,595      2,501,544

            (iii)   Credit loss allowance for financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
                                                                   Stage of ECL
                                                      Stage 1            Stage 2                Stage 3            Total
                                                                                           Lifetime ECL
                                                12-month ECL       Lifetime ECL        (Credit-impaired)


                     1 January 2023                   506,632                    —              257,777       764,409
                     Increases                       1,098,657              58,316              108,320     1,265,293
                     Reversals                        (231,167)              (7,447)                   —     (238,614)
                     Write-offs                       (419,276)             (59,878)                   —     (479,154)
                     Transfers between stages
                       — Increase                           —               23,566                     —          23,566
                       — Decrease                      (23,566)                  —                     —      (23,566)
                     Other changes                         252                   —                 3,736           3,988


                     31 December 2023                 931,532               14,557              369,833     1,315,922




328
58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT OVERVIEW (Continued)
   (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
         Risk concentrations (Continued)
         (iii)   Credit loss allowance for financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
                 (Continued)


                                                                Stage of ECL
                                                    Stage 1             Stage 2             Stage 3                  Total
                                                                                       Lifetime ECL
                                              12-month ECL         Lifetime ECL    (Credit-impaired)


                  1 January 2022                   365,959                   —              44,000             409,959
                  Increases                        518,367                   —                   —             518,367
                  Reversals                         (42,655)                 —                   —              (42,655)
                  Write-offs                       (136,053)                 —                   —             (136,053)
                  Transfers between stages
                    — Increase                           —                   —             213,777             213,777
                    — Decrease                     (213,777)                 —                   —             (213,777)
                  Other changes                      14,791                  —                   —               14,791


                  31 December 2022                 506,632                   —             257,777             764,409

         (iv)    Credit loss allowance for other financial assets measured at amortised cost


                                                                Stage of ECL
                                                    Stage 1             Stage 2             Stage 3                  Total
                                                                                       Lifetime ECL
                                              12-month ECL         Lifetime ECL    (Credit-impaired)


                  1 January 2023                   165,525              76,069           1,834,535           2,076,129
                  Increases                          75,811               2,675               2,313              80,799
                  Reversals                          (4,218)             (2,531)            (41,641)            (48,390)
                  Write-offs                             —                   (2)                 —                      (2)
                  Transfers between stages
                    — Increase                           —                   —              81,152               81,152
                    — Decrease                      (17,257)            (63,895)                 —              (81,152)
                  Other changes                        (402)                 —               (5,912)             (6,314)


                  31 December 2023                 219,459              12,316           1,870,447           2,102,222




                                                               CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report     329
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT OVERVIEW (Continued)
      (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
            Risk concentrations (Continued)
            (iv)   Credit loss allowance for other financial assets measured at amortised cost (Continued)


                                                                       Stage of ECL
                                                            Stage 1          Stage 2              Stage 3               Total
                                                                                             Lifetime ECL
                                                       12-month ECL      Lifetime ECL    (Credit-impaired)


                    1 January 2022                          208,160           80,160           1,803,789           2,092,109
                    Increases                                22,319            2,200              48,006              72,525
                    Reversals                               (64,937)          (6,247)             (34,234)          (105,418)
                    Write-offs                                   —                 (5)             (3,367)             (3,372)
                    Transfers between stages
                      — Increase                                 —                11                   —                  11
                      — Decrease                                (11)              —                    —                  (11)
                    Other changes                                (6)              (50)            20,341              20,285


                    31 December 2022                        165,525           76,069           1,834,535           2,076,129

      (b)   Liquidity risk
            Liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Company fails to obtain sufficient capital with reasonable cost and in a
            timely manner to pay its overdue debts, perform other payment obligations or satisfy capital requirements for
            normal business operations. The responsibilities for centralized management of fund allocation lie within the
            Treasury Department. In respect of the domestic stock exchanges and interbank market, the Company has a
            relatively high credit rating, and has secured stable channels for short-term financing, such as borrowing and
            repurchases. At the same time, the Company has replenished its long-term working capital through corporate
            bonds, subordinated bonds, and beneficial certificates, so as to enable the Company to maintain its overall
            liquidity at a relatively secured level.


            The Risk Management Department independently monitors and assesses the asset and debt positions of the
            Company over a certain period of future time span on a daily basis. It measures the solvency of the Company via
            the measurement of indicators including the funding gap ratio under stress scenarios. It sets warning threshold
            values for liquidity risk indicators, and warns the risk to the Risk Management Committee, the management and
            relevant departments of the Company of indicator tension, and organizes each department to take measures to
            restore the indicators to a secured level. The Company has established a liquidity reserve pool system, which is
            managed independently by the Treasury Department from the Business Department, with sufficient high-liquidity
            assets to meet its emergency liquidity needs.




330
58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT OVERVIEW (Continued)
   (b)   Liquidity risk (Continued)
         The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period, based on their
         contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:


                                                                                         31 December 2023
                                                 Overdue/     Less than         Three
                                                repayable          three      months           One to     More than
                                               on demand        months     to one year      five years      five years    Undated            Total


          Non-derivative financial
            liabilities:
            Customer brokerage deposits        283,820,892            —             —               —              —             —    283,820,892
            Financial liabilities at fair
            value through profit or loss           53,287     17,214,359   13,548,077       38,436,604      2,569,724    16,825,748    88,647,799
            Repurchase agreements               20,250,763   272,680,406   13,960,996        4,763,497             —             —    311,655,662
            Due to banks and other
            financial institutions                      —     53,657,587            —               —              —             —     53,657,587
            Short-term loans                         4,085     7,613,853         7,863              —              —             —       7,625,801
            Short-term financing
            instruments payable                         —     23,526,123   34,559,098               —              —             —     58,085,221
            Debt instruments issued                     —       937,350     2,447,158       97,760,848    18,809,079             —    119,954,435
            Long-term loans                             —          6,695       19,969         356,002              —             —        382,666
            Lease liabilities                           —       183,274       640,353        1,741,913        118,473            —       2,684,013
            Others                             199,048,878    11,877,678   26,983,583        1,188,733             —       751,108    239,849,980


          Total                                503,177,905   387,697,325   92,167,097      144,247,597    21,497,276     17,576,856 1,166,364,056


          Cash flows from derivative
            financial liabilities settled
            on a net basis                              —      4,367,954    8,333,134        8,309,857      9,011,286            —     30,022,231


          Gross-settled derivative financial
            liabilities:
            Contractual amounts
            receivable                                  — (101,935,077)    (66,181,063)    (24,828,222)            —             —    (192,944,362)
            Contractual amounts payable                 —    103,111,462   67,170,593       25,268,456             —             —    195,550,511

                                                        —      1,176,385      989,530         440,234              —             —       2,606,149




                                                                             CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report              331
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT OVERVIEW (Continued)
      (b)   Liquidity risk (Continued)


                                                                                            31 December 2022
                                                     Overdue/     Less than         Three
                                                    repayable         three       months            One to      More than
                                                   on demand        months    to one year        five years     five years     Undated          Total


             Non-derivative financial
               liabilities:
               Customer brokerage deposits        279,402,254            —             —                —              —             —    279,402,254
               Financial liabilities at fair
                value through profit or loss             185     19,084,791   15,462,406       34,537,537       1,821,963    21,218,713    92,125,595
               Repurchase agreements                9,151,788   193,679,273   10,100,696        1,537,872              —             —    214,469,629
               Due to banks and other
               financial institutions                      —     23,387,915    6,308,635                —              —             —     29,696,550
               Short-term loans                      166,262      9,096,667      709,508                —              —             —      9,972,437
               Short-term financing
               instruments payable                         —      7,553,236    4,426,503                —              —             —     11,979,739
               Debt instruments issued                     —       941,350     1,555,710       62,501,879      19,490,819            —     84,489,758
               Long-term loans                             —          4,513       14,844          294,256              —             —       313,613
               Lease liabilities                           —       180,617       593,946        1,194,179        177,786             —      2,146,528
               Others                             219,823,923    10,693,118   46,295,429          838,266              —       504,510    278,155,246


             Total                                508,544,412   264,621,480   85,467,677      100,903,989      21,490,568    21,723,223 1,002,751,349


             Cash flows from derivative
               financial liabilities settled
               on a net basis                              —      3,374,137    7,025,388        7,299,587       5,508,920            —     23,208,032


             Gross-settled derivative financial
               liabilities:
               Contractual amounts
               receivable                                  — (157,754,901)    (90,345,618)     (17,124,757)            —             — (265,225,276)
               Contractual amounts payable                 —    160,694,653   92,184,710       17,454,254              —             —    270,333,617

                                                           —      2,939,752    1,839,092          329,497              —             —      5,108,341




332
58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT OVERVIEW (Continued)
   (c)   Market risk
         Market risks represent potential losses due to movement in market prices of financial positions held. Financial
         positions held are derived from the proprietary investment, market-making business and other investment
         activities. Movements in the financial positions held primarily originate from instructions received from the
         customers or the relevant strategies of proprietary investment.


         Market risks primarily include equity price risk, interest rate risk, commodity price risk and exchange rate risk.


         The Company has established a top-down risk limit management system, which strives to keep the overall
         market risk of the Company within an acceptable level by allocating the overall risk limit of the Company to
         different business departments/business lines, the monitoring and implementation by the internal control
         department, and timely assessing and reporting significant risk matters.


         During business operations, the front-office business departments/business lines, as the direct bearer of market
         risks and the frontline risk management team, dynamically manage the market risks arising from its positions
         held. The Risk Management Department, which is independent from the business departments/business lines,
         assesses, monitors and manages the risks of each business in a comprehensive manner, and reports and
         addresses the risk situation.


         The Risk Management Department mainly uses quantitative indicators to estimate possible market risk losses,
         including both the risks in normal environment and the impact of extreme market conditions. The risk report will
         be delivered on a daily, weekly, monthly or quarterly basis to present market risks to the responsible officers of
         the business departments/business lines and the Operation Management of the Company.


         The Company adopts Value at Risk (VaR) as a major indicator of its overall market risk measurement. The
         calculation of specific parameter is based on a holding period of one trading day and a confidence level of 95%.
         The Company constantly inspects the accuracy of VaR through back-testing and other methods. The Company
         also evaluates the possible losses in its proprietary positions arising from extreme situations through a series
         of stress tests in macro and micro scenarios, compares its risk resistant capacities, and evaluates whether the
         overall market risk profile of the Company is within an acceptable range.


         The Company sets risk limits for its respective business departments/business lines to control market exposures,
         and conducts daily monitoring, gives timely warning, and makes prompt response.


         The Company continues to modify the risk limits system, defines unified limit management measures and
         a hierarchical authorization mechanism, and adjusts the management measures for the system of risk limit
         indicators on various levels, such as the Company level, the business departments/business lines level and the
         business segments/strategies level in accordance with the authorization mechanism.


         In respect of foreign assets and assets of subsidiaries, the Company implements centralized management. In
         respect of foreign currency assets, the Company conducts overall monitoring and management on exchange
         rate risk, and manages exchange risk exposure through a number of methods such as adjusting foreign currency
         position, using forward exchange contract/option hedging, currency swap contracts, etc.


                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report    333
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT OVERVIEW (Continued)
      (c)   Market risk (Continued)
            (i)    VaR
                   VaR analysis is a statistical technique that estimates the potential maximum losses that could occur on risk
                   positions due to movements in interest rates, stock prices or currency rates over a specified time period
                   and at a given level of confidence.


                   The calculation is based on the historical data of the Group’s VaR (confidence level of 95% and a holding
                   period of one trading day).


                   The Group’s VaR analysis by risk categories is summarised as follows:


                                                                                                              31 December
                                                                                                           2023               2022


                    Stock price-sensitive financial instruments                                        299,480            475,314
                    Interest rate-sensitive financial instruments                                      160,150            208,275
                    Exchange rate-sensitive financial instruments                                      123,870            107,979


                    Total portfolio VaR                                                                297,230            422,853

            (ii)   Interest rate risk
                   The Group’s interest rate risk is the risk of fluctuation in the fair value of one or more financial instruments
                   arising from adverse movements in interest rates. The Group’s interest rate risk mainly sources from the
                   volatility of fair value of financial instruments held by the Group which are sensitive to the interest rate risk,
                   resulting from market interest rate’s negative fluctuation.


                   The Group uses interest rate sensitivity analysis as the principal tool to monitor interest rate risk. The use of
                   interest rate sensitivity analysis assumes all other variables remain constant, but changes in the fair value of
                   financial instruments held at the end of the measurement period may impact the Group’s total income and
                   total equity when interest rates fluctuate reasonably and possibly.


                   Assuming a parallel shift in the market interest rates and without taking into consideration of the
                   management’s activities to reduce interest rate risk, the impact of such a shift on revenue and
                   shareholders’ equity based on an interest rate sensitivity analysis of the Group is as follows:


                   Sensitivity of revenue

                                                                                                           2023               2022


                    Change in basis points
                    +25 basis points                                                                  (653,865)        (1,000,984)
                    -25 basis points                                                                   706,188          1,012,478




334
58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT OVERVIEW (Continued)
   (c)   Market risk (Continued)
         (ii)    Interest rate risk (Continued)
                 Sensitivity of equity


                                                                                                       2023               2022


                  Change in basis points
                  +25 basis points                                                                 (353,316)          (215,762)
                  -25 basis points                                                                  363,500           221,458

         (iii)   Currency risk
                 Currency risk is the risk of fluctuation in the fair value of financial instruments or future cash flows arising
                 from adverse movements in foreign exchange rates. The Group’s currency risk primarily relates to the
                 Group’s operating activities, whose settlements and payments are denominated in foreign currencies
                 different from the Group’s functional currency, and its net investment in foreign subsidiaries.


                 The tables below indicate a sensitivity analysis of exchange rate changes of the currencies to which the
                 Group had significant exposure. The analysis calculates the effect of a reasonably possible movement in
                 the currency rates against RMB, with all other variables held constant, on revenue and equity. A negative
                 amount in the table reflects a potential net reduction in revenue or equity, while a positive amount reflects a
                 potential net increase.


                 Sensitivity of revenue

                                                                              Change in
                  Currency                                                currency rate                2023               2022


                  USD                                                                 -3%           248,252         1,232,069
                  HKD                                                                 -3%          (535,171)          (673,666)

                 Sensitivity of equity

                                                                              Change in                   31 December
                                                                          currency rate                2023               2022


                  USD                                                                 -3%          (472,294)          (327,714)
                  HKD                                                                 -3%             (2,637)           (3,964)




                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report     335
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT OVERVIEW (Continued)
      (c)   Market risk (Continued)
            (iii)   Currency risk (Continued)
                    While the table above indicates the effect on revenue and equity of 3% depreciation of USD and HKD,
                    there will be an opposite effect with the same amount if the currencies appreciate by the same percentage.


                    The tables below summarise the Group’s exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk as at
                    31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022. The Group’s exposure to RMB is provided in the tables below
                    for comparison purposes. Included in the table are the carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities of the
                    Group in RMB equivalent, categorised by the original currencies.


                                                                             As at 31 December 2023
                                                                             USD            HKD           Other
                                                                          in RMB         in RMB         in RMB
                                                             RMB      equivalent      equivalent     equivalent           Total


                     Net on-balance sheet position 233,420,245        14,052,408      18,632,017      8,094,538 274,199,208


                                                                              As at 31 December 2022
                                                                             USD             HKD           Other
                                                                           in RMB         in RMB         in RMB
                                                              RMB       equivalent     equivalent     equivalent           Total


                     Net on-balance sheet position 247,104,460        (19,322,503)    23,403,193      7,186,889 258,372,039

            (iv)    Price risk
                    Price risk is the risk that the fair value of equity instruments decreases due to the variance between the
                    stock index level and individual share values. If this occurs, market price fluctuations of equity instruments
                    at fair value through profit or loss will impact the Group’s profit; and market price fluctuations of equity
                    instruments classified as financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income will impact
                    shareholders’ equity for the Group.


                    As at 31 December 2023, the equity investment accounted for approximately 21.14% of the total assets
                    (as at 31 December 2022: 20.03%).




336
59 STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
                                                                                                  31 December
                                                                                Notes              2023                2022


    Non-current assets
    Property, plant and equipment                                                            1,774,437         1,323,434
    Investment properties                                                                      114,670           120,029
    Goodwill                                                                                     43,500            43,500
    Land-use rights and intangible assets                                                    2,009,090         2,011,280
    Investments in subsidiaries                                                    23       47,050,823        46,074,631
    Investments in associates                                                                5,722,874         5,505,090
    Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income                        9,394,098                   —
    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (mandatory)                          710,900           606,044
    Refundable deposits                                                                     13,820,085        25,999,180
    Reverse repurchase agreements                                                            5,336,034                   —
    Deferred income tax assets                                                               3,537,874         7,851,120
    Right-of-use assets                                                                      1,168,858         1,519,254
    Other non-current assets                                                                   250,669           216,816


    Total non-current assets                                                                90,933,912        91,270,378

    Current assets
    Fee and commission receivables                                                             640,505           891,164
    Margin accounts                                                                         98,889,678        89,361,468
    Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income                       86,267,698        75,989,597
    Financial assets as at fair value through profit or loss (mandatory)                   445,610,769       365,438,858
    Derivative financial assets                                                             23,032,092        25,488,579
    Reverse repurchase agreements                                                           55,565,742        30,711,377
    Other current assets                                                                    46,449,153        35,694,075
    Cash held on behalf of customers                                                       130,440,043       131,622,190
    Cash and bank balances                                                                  69,124,536        78,119,759


    Total current assets                                                                   956,020,216       833,317,067




                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report    337
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




59 STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
                                                                                 31 December
                                                                    Notes         2023           2022


       Current liabilities
       Customer brokerage deposits                                          126,471,874   128,591,958
       Derivative financial liabilities                                      24,915,200    22,715,541
       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss            21,336,386    26,950,813
       Repurchase agreements                                                234,242,351   172,725,397
       Due to banks and other financial institutions                         53,623,195    29,580,863
       Tax payable                                                             713,610      2,986,190
       Short-term financing instrument payables                              55,754,614     6,157,528
       Lease liabilities                                                       652,884         685,716
       Other current liabilities                                            205,638,630   232,385,472


       Total current liabilities                                            723,348,744   622,779,478


       Net current assets                                                   232,671,472   210,537,589


       Total assets less current liabilities                                323,605,384   301,807,967


       Non-current liabilities
       Debt instruments issued                                               86,313,580    71,023,533
       Deferred income tax liabilities                                               —      2,465,554
       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss            13,052,248    15,690,365
       Repurchase agreements                                                  2,997,740             —
       Lease liabilities                                                       473,942         803,561


       Total non-current liabilities                                        102,837,510    89,983,013


       Net assets                                                           220,767,874   211,824,954


       Equity
       Issued share capital                                           49     14,820,547    14,820,547
       Other equity instruments                                              16,761,704    13,761,704
       Reserves                                                             134,710,488   131,663,322
       Retained earnings                                                     54,475,135    51,579,381


       Total equity                                                         220,767,874   211,824,954




338
60 STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY OF THE COMPANY
                                                                                          Reserves
                                                                                                       Investment
                                         Share Other equity       Capital     Surplus      General     revaluation                Retained
                             Notes      capital instruments      reserve     reserves     reserves        reserve    Sub-total    earnings         Total



    At 1 January 2023                14,820,547   13,761,704   91,111,996    7,616,940   32,238,775      695,611 131,663,322 51,579,381 211,824,954
    Profit for the year                      —            —            —            —            —             —            — 13,364,354      13,364,354
    Other comprehensive
      income                                 —            —            —            —            —       703,912      703,912           —       703,912


    Total comprehensive
      income                                 —            —            —            —            —       703,912      703,912 13,364,354      14,068,266


    Dividend — 2022           17             —            —            —            —            —             —            — (7,262,068)     (7,262,068)
    Distribution to other
      equity instrument
      holders                 17             —            —            —            —            —             —            —     (525,163)     (525,163)
    Appropriation to
      surplus reserves                       —            —            —            —            —             —            —           —             —
    Appropriation to
      general reserves                       —            —            —            —     2,681,369            —     2,681,369 (2,681,369)            —
    Others                                   —            —            —            —            —             —            —           —             —
    Capital increase/
      (decrease) by equity
      holders                                —            —            —            —            —             —            —           —             —
      — Capital increase
       by equity holders                     —            —            —            —            —             —            —           —             —
      — Capital injected
       by other equity
       instrument holders     50             —     3,000,000       (6,478)          —            —             —        (6,478)         —      2,993,522
    Others                                   —            —            —            —      (331,637)           —      (331,637)         —       (331,637)


    At 31 December 2023              14,820,547   16,761,704   91,105,518    7,616,940   34,588,507     1,399,523 134,710,488 54,475,135 220,767,874




                                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report                339
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




60 STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
                                                                                                Reserves
                                                                                                            Investment
                                            Share     Other equity       Capital     Surplus      General   revaluation                  Retained
                                Notes       capital   instruments       reserve     reserves     reserves      reserve      Sub-total     earnings         Total



       At 1 January 2022                12,926,776    10,767,729     65,848,795    6,669,818   29,001,635    312,603 101,832,851 48,315,973 173,843,329
       Profit for the year                      —              —             —            —            —            —             — 15,945,949        15,945,949
       Other comprehensive
         income                                 —              —             —            —            —     383,008        383,008             —       383,008


       Total comprehensive
         income                                 —              —             —            —            —     383,008        383,008 15,945,949        16,328,957


       Dividend — 2021           17             —              —             —            —            —            —             —     (8,003,095)   (8,003,095)
       Distribution to other
         equity instrument
         holders                 17             —              —             —            —            —            —             —      (497,209)      (497,209)
       Appropriation to
         surplus reserves                       —              —             —      946,885            —            —       946,885      (946,885)            —
       Appropriation to
         general reserves                       —              —             —            —     3,237,140           —      3,237,140    (3,237,140)           —
       Others                                   —              —             —            —            —            —             —             —             —
       Capital increase/
         (decrease) by equity
         holders
         — Capital increase
          by equity holders              1,893,771             —     25,263,201           —            —            —     25,263,201            —     27,156,972
         — Capital injected
          by other equity
          instrument holders     50             —      2,993,975             —            —            —            —             —             —      2,993,975
       Others                                   —              —             —          237            —            —            237        1,788          2,025

       At 31 December 2022              14,820,547    13,761,704     91,111,996    7,616,940   32,238,775    695,611 131,663,322 51,579,381 211,824,954




340
61 EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
   (a)   Public issuance of short-term corporate bonds
         On 15 January 2024, the Company completed one public issuance of short-term corporate bond (the first
         issuance) in Shanghai Stock Exchange, in the total amount of RMB3 billion, with maturity of one year and coupon
         rate of 2.53%.


   (b)   Public issuance of corporate bonds
         On 19 January 2024, the Company completed the public issuance of corporate bond (the first issuance) in
         Shanghai Stock Exchange, in the amount of RMB3.80 billion, including two tranches with maturities of two years
         and three years, and coupon rates of 2.68% and 2.74%, respectively.


         On 28 February 2024, the Company completed the public issuance of corporate bond (the second issuance) in
         Shanghai Stock Exchange, in the amount of RMB3 billion, with a maturity of 3,642 days and a coupon rate of 2.75%.


         On 12 March 2024, the Company completed the public issuance of corporate bond (the third issuance) in
         Shanghai Stock Exchange, in the amount of RMB4 billion, with a maturity of 10 years and a coupon rate of 2.69%.

   (c)   Public issuance of perpetual subordinated bonds
         On 31 January 2024, the Company completed the public issuance of perpetual subordinated bond (the first
         issuance), in the amount of RMB3 billion, with a maturity of five years and a coupon rate of 3.01% in Shanghai
         Stock Exchange.


         On 7 March 2024, the Company completed the public issuance of perpetual subordinated bond (the second
         issuance), in the amount of RMB4 billion, with a maturity of five years and a coupon rate of 2.84% in Shanghai
         Stock Exchange.


   (d)   Issuance of Euro-commercial paper
         On 18 January 2024, CITIC Securities Finance MTN Co., Ltd. issued one tranche of Euro-commercial paper with
         a total issue size of USD20 million. The Euro-commercial paper was unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed
         by the Company with joint and several liability.


         From 8 February 2024 to 22 March 2024, CITIC Securities Finance MTN Co., Ltd. issued three tranches
         of Euro-commercial paper with a total issue size of RMB1.237 billion. The Euro-commercial paper was
         unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Company with joint and several liability.

   (e)   Issuance of medium term notes
         From 12 January 2024 to 18 March 2024, CSI MTN Limited, a subsidiary of the wholly-owned subsidiary of
         the Company, CITIC Securities International Company Limited (“CITIC Securities International”), issued
         six overseas medium term notes in USD amounting to USD63.90 million and was guaranteed by CITIC Securities
         International.


         As at 25 January 2024, CSI MTN Limited, a subsidiary of the wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, CITIC
         Securities International Company Limited (“CITIC Securities International”), issued an overseas medium term
         note in JPY amounting to JPY14.7 billion and was guaranteed by CITIC Securities International.




                                                               CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   341
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




61 EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD (Continued)
      (e)   Issuance of medium term notes (Continued)
            As at 29 January 2024, CSI MTN Limited, a subsidiary of the wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, CITIC
            Securities International Company Limited (“CITIC Securities International”), issued two overseas medium term
            notes in HKD amounting to HKD70 million and was guaranteed by CITIC Securities International.


            As at 18 March 2024, CSI MTN Limited, a subsidiary of the wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, CITIC
            Securities International Company Limited (“CITIC Securities International”), issued an overseas medium term
            note in RMB amounting to RMB37 million and was guaranteed by CITIC Securities International.


      (f)   Profit distribution
            According to the board resolution passed in the Board of Directors’ meeting of the Company held on 26 March
            2024, the Company proposes to adopt cash dividend payment method for its 2023 profit distribution and
            distribute a dividend of RMB4.75 yuan (tax inclusive) for every 10 shares to all shareholders, and based on the
            total number of issued shares of the Company at 31 December 2023, i.e. 14,820,546,829 shares, the cash
            dividend proposed to be distributed totals RMB7,039,759,743.78 yuan (tax inclusive). In the event of change in
            total number of issued shares of the Company after the date of the abovementioned Board meeting but before
            the record date for payment of the cash dividend, the total distribution amount shall remain unchanged while the
            distribution amount per share will be adjusted accordingly. This proposed dividend is subject to the approval of
            the General Meeting of Shareholders of the Company.


62 APPROVAL OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      The consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 26 March
      2024.




342
Documents Available for Inspection


Financial statements signed by the head of the Company, the Chief Financial Officer and the head of the accounting
department and chopped with the official chop of the Company


The original copy of the audit report with chops of the accounting firm and signatures and chops of CPAs


The originals of all the documents and announcements of the Company published during the Reporting Period in the media
designated by the CSRC for information disclosures


Annual reports published in other stock exchanges


The Articles of Association of the Company




                                                                CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   343
Definitions


Unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the following meanings in this report:


Definitions of Common Terms


“A Share(s)”                              the domestic share(s) in the ordinary share capital of the Company with a nominal
                                          value of RMB1.00 each, which are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange
                                          (stock code: 600030)


“BSE”                                     Beijing Stock Exchange


“China AMC”                               China Asset Management Company Limited (華夏基金管理有限公司)


“China CITIC Bank”                        China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited (中信銀行股份有限公司)


“China Economic Information Service”      China Economic Information Service Co., Ltd. (中國經濟信息社有限公司)


“CITIC Buyout Fund”                       CITIC Buyout Fund Management Company Limited (中信併購基金管理有限公司)


“CITIC Corporation Limited”               CITIC Corporation Limited (中國中信有限公司)


“CITIC Financial Holdings”                China CITIC Financial Holdings Co., Ltd. (中國中信金融控股有限公司)


“CITIC Futures”                           CITIC Futures Co., Ltd. (中信期貨有限公司)


“CITIC Global Leasing”                    CITIC Global Financial Leasing CO., LTD. (中證寰球融資租賃股份有限公司)


“CITIC GoldStone Fund”                    CITIC GoldStone Fund Management Company Limited (中信金石基金管理有限公司)


“CITIC Group”                             CITIC Group Corporation (中國中信集團有限公司)


“CITIC Holdings”                          CITIC Holdings Limited (中信控股有限責任公司)


“CITIC Investment Holdings”               CITIC Investment Holdings Limited (中信投資控股有限公司)


“CITIC Limited”                           CITIC Limited (中國中信股份有限公司)


“CITIC PE Fund”                           CITIC Private Equity Funds Management Company Limited (中信產業投資基金管
                                          理有限公司)


“CITIC Press”                             CITIC Press Corporation (中信出版集團股份有限公司)


“CITIC Prudential”                        CITIC Prudential Life Insurance Co., Ltd.




344
“CITIC Securities AM”               CITIC Securities Asset Management Co., Ltd. (中信証券資產管理有限公司)


“CITIC Securities Brokerage (HK)”   CITIC Securities Brokerage (HK) Limited


“CITIC Securities Finance MTN”      CITIC Securities Finance MTN Co., Ltd.


“CITIC Securities Investment”       CITIC Securities Investment Limited (中信証券投資有限公司)


“CITIC Securities (Shandong)”       CITIC Securities (Shandong) Co., Ltd. (中信証券(山東)有限責任公司)


“CITIC Securities South China” or   CITIC Securities South China Company Limited (formerly known as “Guangzhou
  “Guangzhou Securities”            Securities Company Limited” (廣州證券股份有限公司))


“CITIC Trust”                       CITIC Trust Co., Ltd. (中信信託有限責任公司)


“CLSA B.V.”                         a private limited company incorporated under the laws of the Netherlands and
                                    becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of CSI on 31 July 2013


“CLSA Limited”                      CLSA Limited


“Company” or “CITIC Securities”     CITIC Securities Company Limited


“Company Law”                       the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China


“connected transaction(s)”          has the same meaning ascribed to it under the Hong Kong Listing Rules currently
                                    in effect and as amended from time to time


“CSC Financial”                     CSC Financial Co., Ltd. (中信建投證券股份有限公司)


“CSDC”                              China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited


“CSI”                               CITIC Securities International Co., Ltd. (中信証券國際有限公司)


“CSRC”                              China Securities Regulatory Commission


“E-Capital Transfer”                E-Capital Transfer Co., Ltd. (證通股份有限公司)


“GoldStone Investment”              GoldStone Investment Co., Ltd. (金石投資有限公司)


“GoldStone Zexin”                   GoldStone ZeXin Investment Management Co., Ltd. (金石澤信投資管理有限公司)


“Group”                             the Company and its subsidiaries




                                                           CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   345
Definitions



“Guangdong Securities Regulatory       the Guangdong Securities Regulatory Bureau of the CSRC
  Bureau”


“Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital” or          Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital Holdings Co., Ltd. (廣州越秀資本控股集團有限公司)
  “Financial Holdings Limited”         (formerly known as “Guangzhou Yuexiu Financial Holdings Co., Ltd.” (廣州越秀金
                                       融控股集團有限公司))


“H Share(s)”                           the overseas-listed foreign Share(s) in the ordinary share capital of the Company
                                       with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each, which are listed on the Stock Exchange
                                       of Hong Kong Limited (stock code: 6030)


“HKEX”                                 Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited


“Hong Kong”                            Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC


“Hong Kong Listing Rules”              Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                                       Limited


“Hong Kong Stock Exchange”             The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


“Kington Securities”                   Kington Securities Limited Liability Company (金通證券有限責任公司)


“KPMG”                                 KPMG Huazhen LLP and KPMG


“KPMG Hong Kong”                       Klynveld Peat Marwick Goerdeler (畢馬威會計師事務所)


“KPMG Huazhen”                         KPMG Huazhen LLP


“Ministry of Finance”                  the Ministry of Finance of the People’s Republic of China


“NSSF”                                 National Social Security Fund of the PRC


“PRC” or “China”                       the People’s Republic of China


“PwC”                                  PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP and PricewaterhouseCoopers


“PwC Hong Kong”                        PricewaterhouseCoopers


“PwC Zhong Tian”                       PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP


“Qianhai Infrastructure Investments”   Shenzhen Qianhai Infrastructure Investments Fund Management Co., Ltd. (深圳前
                                       海基礎設施投資基金管理有限公司)




346
“related party transaction(s)”           has the same meaning ascribed to it under the SSE Listing Rules currently in
                                         effect and as amended from time to time


“Reporting Period”                       From 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023


“Securities Law”                         the Securities Law of the People’s Republic of China


“SFC”                                    the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong


“Shanghai Clearing House”                Interbank Market Clearing House Co., Ltd.


“Share(s)”                               A Share(s) and H Share(s)


“Shareholder(s)”                         holder(s) of the domestic Share(s) or the overseas-listed foreign Share(s) in the
                                         ordinary share capital of the Company with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each,
                                         which are listed on the SSE and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, respectively


“Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau” the Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau of the CSRC


“SSE”                                    Shanghai Stock Exchange


“SSE Listing Rules”                      Rules Governing the Listing of Stocks on Shanghai Stock Exchange


“SZSE”                                   Shenzhen Stock Exchange


“SUAEE”                                  Shanghai United Assets and Equity Exchange Co., Ltd.


“Tianjin Securities Regulatory Bureau”   the Tianjin Securities Regulatory Bureau of the CSRC


“Tibet Securities Regulatory Bureau”     the Tibet Securities Regulatory Bureau of the CSRC


“Wind Info”                              Wind Information Co., Ltd.


“Xinchen Fund”                           Suzhou Xinchen Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) (蘇州信宸股
                                         權投資合夥企業(有限合夥))


“Yuexiu Capital” or                      Guangzhou Yuexiu Capital Holdings Group Co., Ltd. (廣州越秀資本控股集團股份
  “Yuexiu Financial Holdings”            有限公司) (formerly known as “Guangzhou Yuexiu Financial Holdings Group Co.,
                                         Ltd.” (廣州越秀金融控股集團股份有限公司))


“Yuexiu Financial International”         Yuexiu Financial International Holdings Limited (越秀金融國際控股有限公司)




                                                                CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   347
Definitions



“Yuexiu Industrial Investment”        Guangzhou Yuexiu Industrial Investment Co., Ltd. (廣州越秀產業投資有限公司)
                                      (formerly known as “Guangzhou Yuexiu Financial Holdings Capital Management
                                      Co., Ltd.” (廣州越秀金控資本管理有限公司))


“Yuexiu Industrial Investment Fund”   Guangzhou Yuexiu Industrial Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd. (廣州越秀產
                                      業投資基金管理股份有限公司)




348
Material Risk Factors


The Group’s business is highly dependent on the macroeconomic and market conditions of China and other areas in which
the Company operates its business. Therefore, fluctuation in the Chinese and international capital markets will have a
material impact on the operating results of the Group.


Risks exposed to the Group mainly include: legal and compliance risk caused by possible failure of the business
management and standards to align in a timely manner with changes in national laws and regulations and the rules
promulgated by the regulatory authorities; strategic risk where the Group may not be able to adjust its strategic planning
in response to the profound changes in domestic and overseas capital markets; internal operations and management risks
arising from changes such as the transformation of the Group’s business model and the emergence of new businesses and
new technologies; market risk that may arise from the fluctuating market price of the financial positions held by the Group;
credit risk arising from the default or deterioration of credit qualification of its borrowers, trading counterparties or the issuers
of financial positions held; liquidity risk where the Group may encounter a shortage of funds in fulfillment of repayment
obligations; operational risk that may arise from the negligence or omission of the internal process management, information
system failure or improper personnel behavior; and reputational risk caused by negative evaluation of the Company by
stakeholders due to the Company’s operation, management and other behaviors or external events. In particular, credit risk,
market risk and compliance risk are the major risks currently being faced by the Group.


To cope with the above risks, the Group has established a comprehensive risk management system by taking preventive
measures through its organizational structure, institutional norms, management system, information technology, and other
aspects, while at the same time, optimizes its business process and risk control measures, to ensure the Company’s risks
are measurable, controllable and tolerable.




                                                                      CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report       349
Appendix 1: Organization Chart


                                                                     General Meeting


                                                                                                         Supervisory
                                       Board of Directors
                                                                                                         Committee



                          Strategic                                                                                    Remuneration          Related Party
   Operation                                  Risk Management                                      Nomination
                        Planning and                                  Audit Committee                                  and Appraisal         Transactions
  Management                                     Committee                                         Committee
                       ESG Committee                                                                                    Committee          Control Committee



                      Investment Banking
                                                                             Compliance Department                     CITIC Securities Investment Co., Ltd.
                     Management Committee

                 Wealth Management Committee                                   Auditing Department                        GoldStone Investment Co., Ltd.


                 Asset Management Department                                       BOD Ofﬁce                           CITIC Securities International Co., Ltd.

                                                                                Risk Management
                    Fixed Income Department                                                                            CITIC Securities (Shandong) Co., Ltd.
                                                                                   Department

                                                                                                                           CITIC Securities South China
                 Equity Derivatives Business Line                               Legal Department
                                                                                                                                Company Limited

                  Prime Services Business Line                              Internal Audit Department                          CITIC Futures Co., Ltd.

                                                                                                                             China Asset Management
               Alternative Investment Business Line                                    IT Center
                                                                                                                                 Company Limited

                                                                                                                               CITIC Securities Asset
                    Commodity Business Line                             Clearing & Settlement Department
                                                                                                                               Management Co., Ltd.

                  Equity Investment Department                           Planning & Finance Department


                Equity Sales & Trading Department                         Human Resources Department


                    OTC Business Department                                 General Manager’s Ofﬁce


                       Treasury Department                               Strategy & Planning Department


                       Custody Department


                    Special Assets Department


                  Strategic Account Department


                      Research Department


Note:   Only some first-tier subsidiaries of the Company are presented on the above.




350
Appendix 2: Index of Information Disclosure


Information disclosures made by the Company on the website of the SSE (http://www.sse.com.cn) and in China Securities
Journal, Shanghai Securities News and Securities Times during the Reporting Period are set out as follows:


            Date of
 No.        Publication      Subject Matter


  1         2023-01-04       Monthly Return on Movements in Securities of CITIC Securities for December 2022

  2         2023-01-12       Announcement on the Entering into the Supplemental Agreement of the Tripartite Supervision
                             Agreement for the Deposit of Raised Funds in Designated Account of CITIC Securities
                             Company Limited

  3         2023-01-13       Announcement on the Preliminary Financial Data for the Year 2022 of CITIC Securities
                             Company Limited

  4         2023-01-19       Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee
                             Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC Securities Company Limited

  5         2023-01-20       Announcement on Amendments to the Articles of Association of CITIC Securities Company
                             Limited

  6                          Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the Second Meeting of the Eighth Session of the
                             Board of CITIC Securities Company Limited

  7         2023-01-31       Announcement on the Issuance of Debt Financing Instruments by Indirect Subsidiary and
                             Guarantee Provided by the Company and Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC Securities
                             Company Limited

  8         2023-02-04       Monthly Return on Movements in Securities of CITIC Securities for January 2023

  9         2023-02-09       Announcement on Preliminary Financial Data of China AMC for the Year 2022 of CITIC
                             Securities Company Limited

  10        2023-02-11       Announcement on H Shares of CITIC Securities Company Limited — Update on the
                             Qualifications of Company Secretary and Resignation of Joint Company Secretary

  11        2023-02-17       Documents of the 2023 First Extraordinary General Meeting of CITIC Securities Company
                             Limited

  12                         Notice on Convening of the 2023 First Extraordinary General Meeting of CITIC Securities
                             Company Limited

  13        2023-02-22       Announcement on the Guarantee for Indirect Wholly-owned Subsidiary’s Plan of Issuing
                             Euro-commercial Papers and Medium-term Notes by CITIC Securities Company Limited

  14        2023-02-25       Announcement on the Approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission for the
                             Registration of Public Issuance of Perpetual Subordinated Corporate Bonds to Professional
                             Investors of CITIC Securities Company Limited

  15                         Independent Opinions of Independent Non-executive Directors of the Eighth Session of the
                             Board of Directors of CITIC Securities Company Limited on Appointments of Chief Risk Officer




                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   351
Appendix 2: Index of Information Disclosure



      Date of
No.   Publication   Subject Matter


 16                 Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the Third Meeting of the Eighth Session of the
                    Board of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 17   2023-03-02    Announcement on Completion of Industrial and Commercial Registration of an Asset
                    Management Subsidiary of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 18                 Monthly Return on Movements in Securities of CITIC Securities for February 2023

 19   2023-03-10    The Articles of Association of CITIC Securities Company Limited (2023 Revision)

 20                 Legal Opinions of Beijing Jia Yuan Law Offices on the 2023 First Extraordinary General
                    Meeting of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 21                 Announcement on the Resolutions of the 2023 First Extraordinary General Meeting of CITIC
                    Securities Company Limited

 22   2023-03-13    Indicative Announcement on Increase in Shareholding of Shareholders and Changes in
                    Shareholders’ Equity of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 23   2023-03-17    Notification of Board Meeting

 24   2023-03-22    Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee
                    Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 25   2023-03-24    Announcement on Convening of the 2022 Annual Results Presentation of CITIC Securities
                    Company Limited

 26   2023-03-31    2022 Special Verification Report of Tianfeng Securities Co., Ltd. and China Post Securities
                    Co., Ltd. on the Deposit and Actual Use of Proceeds of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 27                 Annual Report of the Continuous Supervision by Tianfeng Securities Co., Ltd. and China Post
                    Securities Co., Ltd. on CITIC Securities Company Limited for 2022

 28                 2022 Special Report and Assurance Report on the Deposit and Actual Use of Proceeds of
                    CITIC Securities Company Limited

 29                 2022 Special Report on the Deposit and Actual Use of Proceeds of CITIC Securities Company
                    Limited

 30                 Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the Second Meeting of the Eighth Session of the
                    Supervisory Committee of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 31                 2022 Annual Report of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 32                 2022 Assessment Report on the Internal Control of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 33                 Special Statement Regarding the Appropriation of Funds by Largest Shareholder and Other
                    Related Parties of CITIC Securities Company Limited for the Year Ended 31 December 2022

 34                 Report on the Audit Committee of the Board on the Performance of Duties in 2022 of CITIC
                    Securities Company Limited




352
      Date of
No.   Publication   Subject Matter


 35                 Audit Report on the Internal Control as at 31 December 2022 of CITIC Securities Company
                    Limited

 36                 2022 Financial Statements and Audit Report of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 37                 Duty Performance Report of Independent Non-executive Directors for 2022 of CITIC Securities
                    Company Limited

 38                 2022 Social Responsibility Report of CITIC Securities

 39                 Summary of the 2022 Annual Report of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 40                 Announcement on the Estimation of Financing Guarantee of the Company in 2023 of CITIC
                    Securities Company Limited

 41                 Announcement on the Estimation of Related Party/Continuing Connected Transactions
                    Contemplated in the Ordinary Course of Business of CITIC Securities Company Limited in
                    2023

 42                 Announcement on Profit Distribution Plan of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 43                 Special Remarks and Independent Opinions of the Independent Non-executive Directors of the
                    Eighth Session of the Board on Relevant Matters at the Fourth Meeting of the Eighth Session
                    of the Board of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 44                 Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the Fourth Meeting of the Eighth Session of the
                    Board of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 45   2023-04-04    Monthly Return on Movements in Securities of CITIC Securities for March 2023

 46   2023-04-05    Announcement      on   the   Guarantee   for   Indirect   Wholly-owned    Subsidiary      Issuing
                    Euro-commercial Papers by CITIC Securities Company Limited

 47   2023-04-14    Notification of Board Meeting

 48   2023-04-26    Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee
                    Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 49   2023-04-28    Announcement on Changes in the Accounting Policies of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 50                 The Working Rules of the Management Committee of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 51                 Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the Fifth Meeting of the Eighth Session of the
                    Board of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 52                 2023 First Quarterly Results of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 53   2023-05-05    Monthly Return on Movements in Securities of CITIC Securities for April 2023

 54   2023-05-13    Announcement on the Change of the Accounting Firms of CITIC Securities Company Limited




                                                        CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report     353
Appendix 2: Index of Information Disclosure



      Date of
No.   Publication   Subject Matter


 55                 Prior Approvals and Opinions of the Independent Non-executive Directors of the Eighth
                    Session of the Board of CITIC Securities Company Limited on the Change of the Accounting
                    Firms

 56                 Independent Opinions of the Independent Non-executive Directors of the Eighth Session of the
                    Board of CITIC Securities Company Limited on the Change of the Accounting Firms

 57                 Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the Sixth Meeting of the Eighth Session of the
                    Board of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 58   2023-05-16    Announcement on the Guarantee for the Euro-commercial Papers Plan of an Indirect Wholly-
                    owned Subsidiary by CITIC Securities Company Limited

 59   2023-05-31    Rules of Procedures of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board of CITIC
                    Securities Company Limited

 60                 Rules of Procedures of the Nomination Committee of the Board of CITIC Securities Company
                    Limited

 61                 Measures of CITIC Securities Company Limited for the Management of the Holdings in
                    the Shares of CITIC Securities Company Limited by Directors, Supervisors and Senior
                    Management and Relevant Changes

 62                 Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the Seventh Meeting of the Eighth Session of the
                    Board of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 63   2023-06-02    Monthly Return on Movements in Securities of CITIC Securities for May 2023

 64                 Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee
                    Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 65   2023-06-06    Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee
                    Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 66   2023-06-07    Documents of the 2022 Annual General Meeting of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 67                 Notice on Convening of the 2022 Annual General Meeting of CITIC Securities Company
                    Limited

 68   2023-06-15    Announcement on H Shares of CITIC Securities Company Limited — Connected
                    Transaction — Progress of the Capital Contribution to the Partnership of Suzhou Xinchen

 69                 Independent Opinions of Independent Non-executive Directors of the Eighth Session of the
                    Board of CITIC Securities Company Limited on Changing the External Investment Amount of
                    Subsidiaries

 70                 Prior Approvals and Opinions of the Independent Non-executive Directors of the Eighth
                    Session of the Board of CITIC Securities Company Limited on Changing the External
                    Investment Amount of Subsidiaries




354
      Date of
No.   Publication   Subject Matter


 71                 Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the Eighth Meeting of the Eighth Session of the
                    Board of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 72   2023-06-20    Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee
                    Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 73   2023-06-27    Announcement on the Guarantee for Indirect Wholly-owned Subsidiary’s Plan of Issuing
                    Medium-term Notes by CITIC Securities Company Limited

 74   2023-06-29    Legal Opinions of Beijing Jia Yuan Law Offices on the 2022 Annual General Meeting of CITIC
                    Securities Company Limited

 75                 Announcement on the Resolutions of the 2022 Annual General Meeting of CITIC Securities
                    Company Limited

 76   2023-07-01    Announcement of Progress of Change in Equity of the Largest Shareholder in CITIC Securities
                    Company Limited

 77   2023-07-04    Monthly Return on Movements in Securities of CITIC Securities for June 2023

 78   2023-07-15    Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee
                    Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 79   2023-07-19    Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee
                    Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 80   2023-07-22    H Share Announcement — Connected Transaction in Relation to the Formation of the
                    Partnership

 81                 Independent Opinion of Independent Non-executive Directors of the Eighth Session of the
                    Board of CITIC Securities Company Limited on External Investment through Subsidiaries

 82                 Prior Approval Opinions of Independent Non-executive Directors of the Eighth Session of the
                    Board of CITIC Securities Company Limited on External Investment through Subsidiaries

 83                 Announcement on Resolutions Passed at the Ninth Meeting of the Eighth Session of the Board
                    of Directors of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 84   2023-07-27    Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee
                    Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 85   2023-07-28    Announcement of the Change in Shareholdings of the Largest Shareholder related to the
                    Completion of Registration of Transfer of A Shares of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 86   2023-07-29    Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee
                    Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 87   2023-08-01    Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee
                    Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 88   2023-08-02    Monthly Return on Movements in Securities of CITIC Securities for July 2023



                                                       CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   355
Appendix 2: Index of Information Disclosure



       Date of
No.    Publication   Subject Matter


 89    2023-08-04    Announcement on Preliminary Financial Data of China AMC for the First of 2023 of CITIC
                     Securities Company Limited

 90    2023-08-09    Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee
                     Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 91    2023-08-11    Notification of Board Meeting

 92    2023-08-18    Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee
                     Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 93                  Announcement on the Implementation of Bonus Dividends for A Shares of the CITIC Securities
                     Company Limited in 2022

 94    2023-08-22    Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee
                     Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 95    2023-08-23    Announcement on the Convening of 2023 Interim Results Online Presentation of CITIC
                     Securities Company Limited

 96    2023-08-26    Announcement on the Completion of Registration of Gratuitous Transfer of State-owned
                     shares and Change of the Largest Shareholder of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 97    2023-08-30    2023 Interim Special Report on the Deposit and Actual Use of Proceeds of CITIC Securities
                     Company Limited

 98                  Announcement on Resolutions Passed at the Tenth Meeting of the Eighth Session of the
                     Board of Directors of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 99                  Announcement on Resolutions Passed at the Tenth Meeting of the Eighth Session of the
                     Board of Directors of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 100                 Announcement on Resolutions Passed at the Fourth Meeting of the Eighth Session of the
                     Board of Supervisors of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 101                 2023 Interim Report of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 102                 Summary of the 2023 Interim Report of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 103   2023-09-05    Monthly Return on Movements in Securities of CITIC Securities for August 2023

 104   2023-09-07    Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee
                     Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 105   2023-09-09    H Share Announcement — Connected Transaction in Relation to the Formation of the
                     Partnership

 106                 Independent Opinions of Independent Non-executive Directors of the Eighth Session of
                     the Board of Directors of CITIC Securities Company Limited on the External Investment of
                     Subsidiaries




356
       Date of
No.    Publication   Subject Matter


 107                 Prior Approvals and Opinions of the Independent Non-executive Directors of the Eighth
                     Session of the Board of CITIC Securities Company Limited on the External Investment of
                     Subsidiaries

 108                 Announcement on Resolutions Passed at the Eleventh Meeting of the Eighth Session of the
                     Board of Directors of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 109   2023-09-14    Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee
                     Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 110   2023-09-15    Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee
                     Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 111   2023-10-10    Monthly Return on Movements in Securities of CITIC Securities for September 2023

 112   2023-10-18    Notification of Board Meeting

 113   2023-10-24    Announcement on the Convening of 2023 Third Quarterly Results Online Presentation of CITIC
                     Securities Company Limited

 114                 Announcement on Resolutions Passed at the Twelfth Meeting of the Eighth Session of the
                     Board of Directors of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 115   2023-10-31    Announcement on Resolutions Passed at the Thirteenth Meeting of the Eighth Session of the
                     Board of Directors of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 116                 2023 Third Quarterly Report of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 117   2023-11-01    Announcement of CITIC Securities Company Limited on CITIC Securities Asset Management
                     Co., Ltd. Obtaining Securities and Futures Business License

 118   2023-11-02    Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee
                     Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 119                 Monthly Return on Movements in Securities of CITIC Securities for October 2023

 120   2023-11-09    Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee
                     Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 121   2023-11-22    Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee
                     Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 122   2023-12-02    Monthly Return on Movements in Securities of CITIC Securities for November 2023

 123   2023-12-05    Announcement on the Approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission for the
                     Registration of Public Issuance of Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors of CITIC
                     Securities Company Limited




                                                        CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   357
Appendix 2: Index of Information Disclosure



               Date of
 No.           Publication          Subject Matter


   124         2023-12-06           Announcement on the Approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission for the
                                    Registration of Public Issuance of Short-term Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors of
                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited

   125         2023-12-12           Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee
                                    Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC Securities Company Limited

   126         2023-12-14           Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee
                                    Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC Securities Company Limited

   127         2023-12-20           Rules of Procedures of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board of CITIC
                                    Securities Company Limited

   128                              Rules of Procedures of the Strategic Planning and ESG Committee of the Board of CITIC
                                    Securities Company Limited

   129                              Terms of Reference of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of CITIC Securities
                                    Company Limited

   130                              Rules of Procedure for the Risk Management Committee of the Board of CITIC Securities
                                    Company Limited

   131                              Rules of Procedure for the Related Party Transactions Control Committee of the Board of
                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited

   132                              Rules of Procedures of the Nomination Committee of the Board of CITIC Securities Company
                                    Limited

   133                              Working System for Independent Directors of CITIC Securities Company Limited

   134                              Announcement on Resolutions Passed at the Fourteenth Meeting of the Eighth Session of the
                                    Board of Directors of CITIC Securities Company Limited

   135         2023-12-23           Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee
                                    Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC Securities Company Limited

Note: The “dates” set out in the above table are dates on which the relevant announcements were published in China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities
      News and Securities Times and on the website of the SSE. Each of these announcements was published on the HKEXnews website of HKEX in the
      morning of the above “date” or in the evening on the immediately preceding date.




358
Information disclosures made by the Company on the HKEXnews website of HKEX (http://www.hkexnews.hk) during the
Reporting Period are set out as follows:


             Date of
 No.         Publication      Subject Matter


  1          2023-01-02       Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Independent Opinions of Independent Non-executive
                              Directors of the Eighth Session of the Board of CITIC Securities Company Limited on
                              Appointments of Senior Management of the Company

  2                           Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Approval of the China
                              Securities Regulatory Commission for Establishing an Asset Management Subsidiary of CITIC
                              Securities Company Limited

  3          2023-01-03       Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended
                              31 December 2022

  4          2023-01-11       Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Entering into the Supplemental
                              Agreement of the Tripartite Supervision Agreement for the Deposit of Raised Funds in
                              Designated Accounts of CITIC Securities Company Limited

  5          2023-01-12       Preliminary Financial Data for the Year 2022

  6          2023-01-18       Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term
                              Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC
                              Securities Company Limited

  7          2023-01-19       Additional Proposed Amendments to the Articles of Association

  8                           Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the Second Meeting of the Eighth Session of
                              the Board

  9                           Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on Amendments to the Articles of
                              Association of CITIC Securities Company Limited

  10         2023-01-30       Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Issuance of Debt Financing
                              Instruments by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee Provided by the Company and Wholly-
                              owned Subsidiary of CITIC Securities Company Limited

  11         2023-02-03       Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended 31 January
                              2023

  12         2023-02-08       Voluntary Announcement — Preliminary Financial Data of China AMC for the Year 2022

  13         2023-02-10       Announcement — Update on the Qualifications of Company Secretary and Resignation of
                              Joint Company Secretary




                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   359
Appendix 2: Index of Information Disclosure



      Date of
No.   Publication   Subject Matter


 14   2023-02-16    Proposed Amendments to the Articles of Association; Proposed Amendments to Certain
                    Rules of Procedures; and Notice of 2023 First Extraordinary General Meeting

 15                 Notice of 2023 First Extraordinary General Meeting

 16                 Proxy Form

 17                 Notification Letter to Registered Shareholders — Notice of Publication of Circular, Notice and
                    Proxy Form of 2023 First Extraordinary General Meeting and Change Request Form

 18                 Notification Letter to Non-registered Holders — Notice of Publication of Circular and Notice of
                    2023 First Extraordinary General Meeting and Request Form

 19   2023-02-21    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Guarantee for Indirect Wholly-
                    owned Subsidiary’s Plan of Issuing Euro-commercial Papers and Medium-term Notes by
                    CITIC Securities Company Limited

 20   2023-02-24    Announcement — Change of Chief Risk Officer

 21                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Independent Opinions of Independent Non-executive
                    Directors of the Eighth Session of the Board of Directors of CITIC Securities Company Limited
                    on Appointments of Chief Risk Officer

 22                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Approval of the China
                    Securities Regulatory Commission for the Registration of Public Issuance of Perpetual
                    Subordinated Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors of CITIC Securities Company
                    Limited

 23   2023-03-01    Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended 28 February
                    2023

 24                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on Completion of Industrial and
                    Commercial Registration of an Asset Management Subsidiary of CITIC Securities Company
                    Limited

 25   2023-03-09    Announcement — Poll Results of the 2023 First Extraordinary General Meeting

 26                 The Articles of Association of the Company

 27                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Legal Opinions of Jia Yuan Law Offices on the 2023
                    First Extraordinary General Meeting of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 28   2023-03-12    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Indicative Announcement on Increase in Shareholding
                    of Shareholders and Changes in Shareholders’ Equity by CITIC Securities Company Limited

 29   2023-03-16    Notification of Board Meeting

 30   2023-03-21    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term
                    Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC
                    Securities Company Limited




360
      Date of
No.   Publication   Subject Matter


 31   2023-03-23    Voluntary Announcement — Convening of the 2022 Annual Results Presentation

 32   2023-03-30    2022 Annual Results Announcement

 33                 Final Dividend for the Year Ended 31 December 2022

 34                 2022 Social Responsibility Report

 35                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the
                    Fourth Meeting of the Eighth Session of the Board of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 36                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the
                    Second Meeting of the Eighth Session of the Supervisory Committee of CITIC Securities
                    Company Limited

 37                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Estimation of Related Party/
                    Continuing Connected Transactions Contemplated in the Ordinary Course of Business of
                    CITIC Securities Company Limited in 2023

 38                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — 2022 Assessment Report on the Internal Control of
                    CITIC Securities Company Limited

 39                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Audit Report on the Internal Control of 31 December
                    2022 of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 40                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Special Statement Regarding the Appropriation
                    of Funds by Largest Shareholder and Other Related Parties of CITIC Securities Company
                    Limited

 41                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Special Remarks and Independent Opinions of the
                    Independent Non-executive Directors of the Eighth Session of the Board on Relevant Matters
                    at the Fourth Meeting of the Eighth Session of the Board of CITIC Securities Company
                    Limited

 42                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Report on the Audit Committee of the Board on the
                    Performance of Duties in 2022 of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 43                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Duty Performance Report of Independent
                    Nonexecutive Directors for 2022 of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 44                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on Profit Distribution Plan of CITIC
                    Securities Company Limited

 45                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Estimation of Financing
                    Guarantee of the Company in 2023 of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 46                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — 2022 Special Report on the Deposit and Actual Use
                    of Proceeds of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 47                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — 2022 Special Report and Assurance Report on the
                    Deposit and Actual Use of Proceeds of CITIC Securities Company Limited


                                                        CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   361
Appendix 2: Index of Information Disclosure



      Date of
No.   Publication   Subject Matter


 48                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — 2022 Special Verification Report of Tianfeng
                    Securities Co., Ltd. and China Post Securities Co., Ltd. on the Deposit and Actual Use of
                    Proceeds of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 49                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Annual Report of the Continuous Supervision
                    by Tianfeng Securities Co., Ltd. and China Post Securities Co., Ltd. on CITIC Securities
                    Company Limited for 2022

 50   2023-04-03    Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended 31 March
                    2023

 51   2023-04-04    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Guarantee for Indirect Wholly-
                    owned Subsidiary Issuing Euro-commercial Papers by CITIC Securities Company Limited

 52   2023-04-13    Notification of Board Meeting

 53   2023-04-24    Final Dividend for the Year Ended 31 December 2022 (updated)

 54   2023-04-25    2022 Annual Report

 55                 Notification Letter to Registered Holders — Notice of Publication of 2022 Annual Report and
                    2022 Social Responsibility Report and Change Request Form

 56                 Notification Letter to Non-Registered Holders — Notice of Publication of 2022 Annual Report
                    and 2022 Social Responsibility Report and Request Form

 57                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term
                    Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC
                    Securities Company Limited

 58   2023-04-27    2023 First Quarterly Results

 59                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the
                    Fifth Meeting of the Eighth Session of the Board of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 60                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — The Working Rules of the Management Committee of
                    CITIC Securities Company Limited

 61                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on Changes in the Accounting
                    Policies of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 62                 Changes of the Company Secretary and Authorised Representative; Waiver from Strict
                    Compliance with Rule 3.28 and Rule 8.17 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules

 63   2023-05-04    Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended 30 April
                    2023

 64   2023-05-12    Proposed Change of Auditors

 65                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the
                    Sixth Meeting of the Eighth Session of the Board of CITIC Securities Company Limited



362
      Date of
No.   Publication   Subject Matter


 66                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on Change of Auditors of CITIC
                    Securities Company Limited

 67                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Prior Approvals and Opinions of the Independent
                    Non-executive Directors of the Eighth Session of the Board on Change of Auditors of CITIC
                    Securities Company Limited

 68                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Independent Opinions of the Independent
                    Nonexecutive Directors of the Eighth Session of the Board on Change of Auditors of CITIC
                    Securities Company Limited

 69   2023-05-15    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Guarantee for the
                    Euro-commercial Papers Plan of an Indirect Wholly-owned Subsidiary by CITIC Securities
                    Company Limited

 70   2023-05-30    Rules of Procedures of the Nomination Committee of the Board of Directors

 71                 Rules of Procedures of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board of Directors

 72                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the
                    Seventh Meeting of the Eighth Session of the Board of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 73                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — the Measures for the Management of the Holdings
                    in the Shares of CITIC Securities Company Limited by Directors, Supervisors and Senior
                    Management and Relevant Changes

 74   2023-06-01    Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended 31 May
                    2023

 75                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term
                    Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC
                    Securities Company Limited

 76   2023-06-05    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term
                    Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC
                    Securities Company Limited

 77   2023-06-06    Work Report of the Board; Work Report of the Supervisory Committee; 2022 Annual Report;
                    2022 Profit Distribution Plan; Change of Accounting Firms; Resolution on the Estimated
                    Investment Amount for the Proprietary Business of the Company for 2023; 2023 Financing
                    Guarantee Plan; Resolution on the Distributed Total Remuneration of the Directors and the
                    Supervisors of the Company for 2022; Resolution on Estimation of Related Party/Continuing
                    Connected Transactions Contemplated in the Ordinary Course of Business of the Company in
                    2023; and Notice of the Annual General Meeting

 78                 Notice of the Annual General Meeting

 79                 Proxy Form




                                                      CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   363
Appendix 2: Index of Information Disclosure



      Date of
No.   Publication   Subject Matter


 80                 Notification Letter to Registered Shareholders — Notice of Publication of Circular, Notice and
                    Proxy Form of 2022 Annual General Meeting and Change Request Form

 81                 Notification Letter to Non-Registered Holders — Notice of Publication of Circular and Notice
                    of 2022 Annual General Meeting

 82                 Final Dividend for the Year Ended 31 December 2022 (updated)

 83   2023-06-14    Connected Transaction — Progress of the Capital Contribution to the Partnership of Suzhou
                    Xinchen

 84                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on Resolutions Passed at the Eighth
                    Meeting of the Eighth Session of the Board of Directors of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 85                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Independent Opinions of Independent Non-executive
                    Directors of the Eighth Session of the Board of CITIC Securities Company Limited on
                    Changing the External Investment Amount of Subsidiaries

 86                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Prior Approvals and Opinions of the Independent
                    Non-executive Directors of the Eighth Session of the Board of CITIC Securities Company
                    Limited on Changing the External Investment Amount of Subsidiaries

 87                 Final Dividend for the Year Ended 31 December 2022 (updated)

 88   2023-06-19    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term
                    Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC
                    Securities Company Limited

 89   2023-06-26    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Guarantee for Indirect Wholly-
                    owned Subsidiary’s Plan of Issuing Medium-term Notes by CITIC Securities Company Limited

 90   2023-06-28    Announcement — Poll Results of the 2022 Annual General Meeting and Payment of the 2022
                    Final Dividend

 91                 Final Dividend for the Year Ended 31 December 2022 (updated)

 92                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Legal Opinions of Beijing Jia Yuan Law Offices on the
                    2022 Annual General Meeting of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 93   2023-06-30    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement of Progress of Change in Equity of
                    the Largest Shareholder in CITIC Securities Company Limited

 94   2023-07-03    Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended 30 June
                    2023

 95   2023-07-14    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term
                    Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC
                    Securities Company Limited




364
       Date of
No.    Publication   Subject Matter


 96    2023-07-18    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term
                     Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC
                     Securities Company Limited

 97    2023-07-21    Connected Transaction —In Relation to the Formation of the Partnership

 98                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on Resolutions Passed at the Ninth
                     Meeting of the Eighth Session of the Board of Directors of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 99                  Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Independent Opinion of Independent Non-executive
                     Directors of the Eighth Session of the Board of CITIC Securities Company Limited on External
                     Investment through Subsidiaries

 100                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Prior Approval Opinion of Independent Non-executive
                     Directors of the Eighth Session of the Board of CITIC Securities Company Limited on External
                     Investment through Subsidiaries

 101   2023-07-26    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term
                     Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC
                     Securities Company Limited

 102   2023-07-27    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement of the Change in Shareholdings of the
                     Largest Shareholder related to the Completion of Registration of Transfer of A Shares of CITIC
                     Securities Company Limited

 103   2023-07-28    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term
                     Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC
                     Securities Company Limited

 104   2023-07-31    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term
                     Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC
                     Securities Company Limited

 105   2023-08-01    Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended 31 July
                     2023

 106   2023-08-03    Voluntary Announcement —Preliminary Financial of China AMC for the First Half of 2023

 107   2023-08-08    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term
                     Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC
                     Securities Company Limited

 108   2023-08-10    Notification of Board Meeting

 109   2023-08-17    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Implementation of Bonus
                     Dividends for A Shares of the CITIC Securities Company Limited in 2022




                                                        CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   365
Appendix 2: Index of Information Disclosure



       Date of
No.    Publication   Subject Matter


 110                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term
                     Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC
                     Securities Company Limited

 111   2023-08-21    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term
                     Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC
                     Securities Company Limited

 112   2023-08-22    Voluntary Announcement — Convening of 2023 Interim Results Online Presentations

 113   2023-08-25    Voluntary Announcement — Completion of Registration of Gratuitous Transfer of Shares of
                     the Company and Change of the Largest Shareholder

 114   2023-08-29    2023 Interim Results Announcement

 115                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on Resolutions Passed at the Tenth
                     Meeting of the Eighth Session of the Board of Directors of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 116                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Independent Opinion of Independent Non-executive
                     Directors of the Eighth Session of the Board of CITIC Securities Company Limited on the
                     Matter related to the Tenth Meeting of the Eighth Session of the Board

 117                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the
                     Fourth Meeting of the Eighth Session of the Board of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 118                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement —2023 Interim Special Report on the Deposit and
                     Actual Use of Proceeds

 119                 List of Directors and their Roles and Functions

 120                 Appointment of Member of Special Committee of the Board

 121   2023-09-04    Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended 31 August
                     2023

 122   2023-09-06    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term
                     Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC
                     Securities Company Limited

 123   2023-09-08    Connected Transaction in Relation to the Formation of the Partnership

 124                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on Resolutions Passed at the
                     Eleventh Meeting of the Eighth Session of the Board

 125                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Independent Opinions of Independent Non-executive
                     Directors of the Eighth Session of the Board of Directors of CITIC Securities Company Limited
                     on the External Investment of Subsidiaries

 126                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Prior Approvals and Opinions of the Independent
                     Non-executive Directors of the Eighth Session of the Board of CITIC Securities Company
                     Limited on the External Investment of Subsidiaries


366
       Date of
No.    Publication   Subject Matter


 127   2023-09-13    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term
                     Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC
                     Securities Company Limited

 128   2023-09-14    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term
                     Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC
                     Securities Company Limited

 129   2023-09-27    2023 Interim Report

 130                 Notification Letter to Registered Holders — Notice of Publication of 2023 Interim Report and
                     Change Request Form

 131                 Notification Letter to Non-Registered Holders — Notice of Publication of 2023 Interim Report
                     and Request Form

 132   2023-10-08    Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended
                     30 September 2023

 133   2023-10-17    Notification of Board Meeting

 134   2023-10-23    Convening of 2023 Third Quarterly Results Online Presentation

 135                 Change of Senior Management

 136                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on Resolutions Passed at the Twelfth
                     Meeting of the Eighth Session of the Board of Directors of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 137   2023-10-30    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on Resolutions Passed at the
                     Thirteenth Meeting of the Eighth Session of the Board of Directors of CITIC Securities
                     Company Limited

 138                 2023 Third Quarterly Results

 139   2023-10-31    Overseas Regulatory Announcement —Announcement of CITIC Securities Company Limited
                     on CITIC Securities Asset Management Co., Ltd. Obtaining Securities and Futures Business
                     License

 140   2023-11-01    Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended 31 October
                     2023

 141                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term
                     Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC
                     Securities Company Limited

 142   2023-11-08    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term
                     Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC
                     Securities Company Limited




                                                        CITIC Securities Company Limited 2023 Annual Report   367
Appendix 2: Index of Information Disclosure



       Date of
No.    Publication   Subject Matter


 143   2023-11-21    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term
                     Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC
                     Securities Company Limited

 144   2023-12-01    Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended
                     30 November 2023

 145   2023-12-04    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Approval of the China
                     Securities Regulatory Commission for the Registration of Public Issuance of Corporate Bonds
                     to Professional Investors of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 146   2023-12-05    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Approval of the China
                     Securities Regulatory Commission for the Registration of Public Issuance of Short-term
                     Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 147   2023-12-11    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term
                     Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC
                     Securities Company Limited

 148   2023-12-13    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term
                     Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC
                     Securities Company Limited

 149   2023-12-19    Terms of Reference of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors

 150                 Rules of Procedures of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board of Directors

 151                 Rules of Procedures of the Nomination Committee of the Board of Directors

 152                 Appointment of the Securities Affairs Representative of the Company

 153                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on Resolutions Passed at the
                     Fourteenth Meeting of the Eighth Session of the Board of Directors of CITIC Securities
                     Company Limited

 154                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Rules of Procedures of the Strategic Planning and
                     ESG Committee of the Board of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 155                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Rules of Procedure for the Related Party
                     Transactions Control Committee of the Board of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 156                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Rules of Procedure for the Risk Management
                     Committee of the Board of CITIC Securities Company Limited

 157                 Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Working System for Independent Directors of CITIC
                     Securities Company Limited

 158   2023-12-22    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Issuance of Medium-term
                     Notes by Indirect Subsidiary and Guarantee Provided by Wholly-owned Subsidiary of CITIC
                     Securities Company Limited



368
Integrity     Innovation       Excellence        Sharing


To become a leading domestic and internationally renowned Chinese investment bank,
trusted by clients around the world




                                                                                                                                                                           中信証券
                                                                                                                                      2023
                                                                                                                中信証券年度報告
                                                                                                                                                                           年度報告


                                                                                                             2023
                                                                                                                                      CITIC SECURITIES 2023
                                                                                                                                      Annual Report




                                                                                                              CITIC SECURITIES 2023




                                                                                                              Annual Report




  Website: http://www.citics.com
  Email: ir@citics.com
  Telephone: 0086-10-60838888, 0086-755-23835888, 00852-26008888
  Address: CITIC Securities Tower, No.48 Liangmaqiao Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing
                                                                                                                                      A joint stock limited company incorporated in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability
            CITIC Securities Tower, No.8 Zhong Xin San Road, Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province
            26/F, CITIC Tower, 1 Tim Mei Avenue, Central, Hong Kong                                                                   Stock Code: 6030
