A joint stock limited company incorporated
in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability

Stock Code: 6030
Website: www.citics.com




                                                                  To become a domestic leading,
                                                                    world-class investment bank      中 信 証 券 股 份 有 限 公 司
                                                           which is most trusted by global clients   CITIC Securities Company Limited
IMPORTANT NOTICE



The Board and the Supervisory Committee and the Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management of the
Company warrant the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness of the contents of this report and that there is
no false representation, misleading statement contained herein or material omission from this report, for which
they will assume joint and several liabilities.

This report was considered and approved at the 21st Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board of the
Company. All Directors attended this meeting of the Board. No Director raised any objection to this report.

The Company’s domestic and international financial statements for the year were audited by
PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP and PricewaterhouseCoopers, respectively. Auditors’ reports with
unqualified audit opinions were issued accordingly.

Mr. ZHANG Youjun, head of the Company, Mr. LI Jiong, the Chief Financial Officer, and Mr. SHI Benliang, head
of the Company’s accounting department, warrant that the financial statements set out in this report are true,
accurate and complete.

The Company’s 2020 profit distribution plan as considered and approved by the Board is to distribute a cash
dividend of RMB4.00 (tax inclusive) for every 10 Shares. This proposal is subject to the approval by the general
meeting of the Company.

Forward looking statements, including future plans and development strategies, contained in this report do not
constitute a substantive commitment to the investors by the Company. Investors should be aware of investment
risks.

There was no appropriation of funds of the Company by controlling Shareholder(s) or its/their related parties for
non-operating purposes.

The Company had made no guarantee to external parties in violation of the stipulated decision-making
procedures.

The Company prepared this report in both English and Chinese versions. In the event of any discrepancies
between the English version and the Chinese version of this report, the Chinese version shall prevail.
                                                    Contents




Contents
Chairman’s Statement                            2
Company Information                             6
Financial Summary                              26
Management Discussion and Analysis             31
Report of the Board                            79
Significant Events                             89
Changes in Share Capital and Information on
  Substantial Shareholders                    128
Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management
  and Employees                               143
Corporate Governance Report                   163
Independent Auditor’s Report and
  Notes to Financial Statements               202
Documents Available for Inspection            358
Definitions                                   359
Material Risk Factors                         363
Appendix 1: Organization Chart                364
Appendix 2: Index of Information Disclosure   365
Chairman’s Statement




                                                              – Chairman ZHANG Youjun




Dear Shareholders,

In 2020, we seized new opportunities out of crisis and formulated new plans while making progress. During this
year, decisive achievements were made in building a moderately prosperous society in all respects with a successful
accomplishment of the 13th Five-Year Plan. Faced with the sudden outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic, we worked
together through the difficulties. We have witnessed the gradual promotion of the new development pattern, and the high-
quality development has become a new focus of economic and social development. We saw the 30 years’ journey of the
Chinese capital market and opened a new chapter for promoting financial reform and opening-up while facilitating China’s
economic development.


The year 2020 marks the 25th anniversary of the establishment of CITIC Securities. On the way marching toward our vision
of becoming “a domestically leading and internationally first-class Chinese investment bank most trusted by clients around
the world”, we have made new progress against complex business environment. As at the end of 2020, the total assets of
CITIC Securities amounted to RMB1.05 trillion, representing an increase of 33.00% as compared to the beginning of the
year, which made us the first securities company in China with assets over one trillion. The Company recorded a revenue
of RMB54.383 billion for the year, representing a year-on-year increase of 26.06%; net profit attributable to owners of the




02
                                                                                                                                Chairman’s Statement
parent amounted to RMB14.902 billion, representing a year-on-year increase of 21.86%; and return on weighted average
equity was 8.43%, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.67 percentage point. The Company maintained its leadership
in the industry as it reached a peak for the last five years in above all aspects.


Looking back at the year 2020, as the unseen changes in a century have been presented to us in concrete and subtle ways,
the future of each individual and each enterprise is closely linked to the survival and development of the entire nation and
society. It is clearer to us that only by uniting with each other to build a more closely connected community with shared
future, could we better defend against risks and make steady and sustained development. We have learned from it that we
must not only focus on our current operating results, but also cast a deep review into our history and experience, putting
ourselves into the development process of our customers, the industry, society and nation, and we need to find our position
through thoroughly thinking, so as to determine the future direction.


On 26 September 1994, CITIC Group decided to reorganize the securities department of CITIC Corporation and integrate
its securities business. Entrepreneurs from CITIC Securities started the preparation work in the two offices of less than
10 square meters. Established on 25 October 1995, the Company only had a registered capital of RMB300 million, 401
employees and 16 outlets. The Company then had neither mature operational experience of securities business nor strong
capital support, facing numerous challenges. However, we believe if we insist on market-oriented operation, staying active
both in thoughts and action and combining the “CITIC Genes” of ambition and innovation with strong and keen insights
and thoughts, we can surely seize the historic opportunities brought by the policy of reform and opening up and the
development of capital market in China.


In the course of 25 years of development, CITIC Securities has created multiple “firsts”. For example, CITIC Securities
completed its listing of A shares in 2003, becoming the first domestic securities company with its shares listed by way of
IPO; CITIC Securities established CITIC Securities (HK) Limited (中信証券（香港）有限公司) in 2005, becoming the first
domestic securities company approved to set up a wholly-owned subsidiary in Hong Kong in the industry; CITIC Securities
completed its listing of H shares in 2011, becoming the first A+H listed Chinese securities company. Currently, CITIC
Securities has grown into a leading large investment bank in China with net assets exceeding RMB180 billion, 19,000
employees, 30 business lines and departments, 7 principal subsidiaries and over 400 branches. The Company has more
than 10 million retail clients and 75,000 domestic corporate and institutional clients, engaging in key fields of national
economy, achieving in-depth coverage of major central SOEs, important local SOEs and many influential listed companies.
There are 2,000 overseas institutional clients in 13 countries and regions, including the UK, the US, Australia and Southeast
Asia.


Going back, benefiting from its client-oriented approach and its continuous efforts to promote the organic integration of
strategy, innovation and openness, CITIC Securities started from scratch and has grown from a small and weak company to
a large and strong one.


We insisted on thinking from the big picture and accurately grasped strategic opportunities. We have implemented a series
of prospective strategic layout and gradually established a leading position in the industry. We have implemented the “Big
Project” strategy to respond to the changes in the financing market, and drove our investment banking business to the
leading position in the wave of serving the reform and listing of state-owned enterprises. We have implemented the “Big
Network” strategy to respond to the changes in the industry competition, leveraged the capital advantages accumulated




                                                                     CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   03
Chairman’s Statement



from taking the lead in going public in the industry for acquisition and expansion when appropriate, and expanded the
coverage of our client services to establish our advantages of business channels. We have implemented the “Big Platform”
strategy to respond to the changes in the heavy asset attributes of the industry, shrank the scale of stock proprietary
business, developed direct investment as well as the flow-based business and built a diversified business platform for
buyers. We have implemented the “Internationalization” strategy to respond to the changes in the clients’ needs for cross-
border business, and built a bridge for domestic enterprises to go out and overseas institutions to come in through its listing
in Hong Kong and overseas acquisitions.


We insisted on innovative development and fostered internal driver. Over 25 years, CITIC Securities responded to the
customers’ needs, explored and practiced new business models in the process of innovative competition, and became the
constructor in China’s capital market and the leader of the industry. Many developing innovative measures of the Company
are now mainstream. For example, we took the lead in proposing and practicing flow-based business in the industry, and
firstly obtained business qualifications for, among others, direct investment, margin financing and securities lending, stock-
pledged repurchase, and exchange-traded option market-making. We took the lead in carrying out cross-border return
swap business, issued USD bonds overseas, and became the first derivatives broker in the industry. In the continuous
iteration and innovation, the Company gradually formed a full-product, full-market and full-business coverage landscape,
with basic financial functions in investment, financing, trading, payment and custody gradually improved, as well as set up
the most complete business system in the industry and laid a solid foundation for long-term sustainable development.


We adhered to open competition and cooperation and promoted international operation. CITIC Securities commenced to
set up subsidiaries in Hong Kong in 2005, and subsequently listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and acquired CLSA,
thus creating a leading international business platform in the industry and becoming a Chinese-funded investment bank
with the most local branches among countries and regions along the Belt and Road. Nowadays, the Company has fully
implemented global integrated management, and took it as an important strategic node of international operation to realize
global management and widely build up international influence.


Each era has its own unique mission and values. Standing on the history intersection point of “Two Centenary Goals”,
both enterprises and individuals are part of the times tide. The “14th Five-Year Plan” period marks the first five years when
China embarks on a new journey toward the second Centenary Goal of fully building a modern socialist China. Adhering
to the new development concept of innovation, coordination, green, openness and sharing, China will concentrate on
the theme of promoting high-quality development to accelerate the establishment of a new development pattern which is
based on domestic macro-circulation, along with international and domestic dual-circulation and mutual promotion. We
shall adapt to the changes of the era, insist on our mission of practicing the national strategies, serving the real economy
and creating more value for the society. We will make good efforts to serve the new development pattern, and optimize
integrated business model at home and abroad. We will continue to expand customer market coverage, improve the
sensitivity of business and the flexibility of operation and management, and proactively fulfill social responsibilities, creating a
development model integrating strategy, innovation and internationalization.




04
                                                                                                                             Chairman’s Statement
The current times is rushing forward either moving forward or falling behind. CITIC Securities, at the age of 25, is still
a young company, shouldering the heavy responsibilities of achieving high-quality and sustainable development with
unprecedented opportunities and enormous challenges. We will hold high the banner of XI Jinping Thought on Socialism
with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and continue to enhance the party building. We should keep up the momentum,
be pragmatic and enterprising, work together towards a common goal, gain wisdom and strength from the past, start a
new journey with new actions, and continue to forge ahead to become a domestically leading and internationally first-class
Chinese investment bank most trusted by clients around the world.




                                                                                                          ZHANG Youjun
                                                                                                                 Chairman
                                                                                                            18 March 2021




                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   05
Company Information
Profile
Name in Chinese                             中信証券股份有限公司

Abbreviation in Chinese                     中信証券

Name in English                             CITIC Securities Company Limited


Abbreviation in English                     CITIC Securities Co., Ltd.


Legal Representative                        ZHANG Youjun


President                                   YANG Minghui


Authorized Representatives                  YANG Minghui, LIU Xiaomeng

Registered Capital and Net Capital of the Company
                                                                                                                In RMB Yuan
                                                                             As at the end of the           As at the end of
                                                                                Reporting Period                    last year


 Registered Capital                                                            12,926,776,029.00        12,116,908,400.00
 Net Capital                                                                   85,906,426,786.60        94,904,219,964.48

Business Qualifications for Individual Business of the Company
The business scope of the Company covers: securities brokerage (for areas other than Shandong Province, Henan Province,
Tiantai and Cangnan Counties of Zhejiang Province); securities investment consulting; financial advisory services related
to securities trading and securities investment activities; securities underwriting and sponsorship; securities proprietary
business; securities asset management; margin financing and securities lending; securities investment fund sales agency;
provision of intermediate referral services to futures companies; distribution of financial products; and stock options market
making business.


In addition, the Company possesses the following business qualifications:


1.   Business qualifications approved or certified by the CSRC: online securities entrustment business; entrusted wealth
     management; operation of overseas securities investment management business by qualified domestic institutional
     investors (QDII); direct investment; interbank market interest rate swap business; stock index futures trading in
     proprietary business and asset management business; pilot business of stock return swap; first class OTC option
     dealer; treasury bond futures trading in proprietary business and securities asset management business; pilot business
     of agency services for gold and other precious metal spot contracts and proprietary trading for spot gold contracts;
     custodian business for securities investment funds; and credit risk mitigation instruments selling business; market
     making business of treasury bond futures; commodities derivatives transaction and the trading of financial products on
     overseas exchanges; carrying out pilot cross-border business.




06
2.   Business qualifications approved by the stock exchange: market maker of stock exchange fixed income platform;
     warrants trading; stock repo business; stock pledge-style repo business; margin refinancing and securities relending;




                                                                                                                                                   Company Information
     Southbound Trading Connect business; financing business with respect to exercising rights under share incentive
     schemes of listed companies; stock options brokerage; proprietary trading for stock options; and principal market
     maker in SSE 50 ETF options; principal market maker in CSI 300 Index ETF options of the SSE and SZSE; principal
     market maker of funds listed on the SSE; market maker of listed funds on the SZSE.

3.   Business qualifications approved by SAC: quoted transfer business; OTC market business; OTC trading business;
     internet-based securities business pilot; cross-border income swap transaction business.

4.   Business qualifications approved by the People’s Bank of China: qualification for lending transactions and bond
     transactions in the National Interbank Funding Centre; short-term commercial paper underwriting; market maker in
     interbank bond market; and primary dealer of open market.

5.   Other business qualifications: member of book-entry government bond underwriting syndicates; Class A clearing
     participant of CSDC; license for operating foreign exchange in securities business (foreign-currency negotiable
     securities brokerage, foreign-currency negotiable securities underwriting and entrusted foreign-exchange asset
     management); investment manager for enterprise annuity fund and occupational pension fund; member of underwriting
     syndicate of policy bank; manager of converted shares of the NSSF; NSSF domestic investment manager; entrusted
     management of insurance funds; securities investment management for national basic pension insurance fund; pilot
     refinancing business; sideline insurance agency business; business with special institutional clients of insurance
     institutions; recommending business and brokerage business through National Equities Exchange and Quotation;
     market-making business through National Equities Exchange and Quotation; consultancy services relating to the
     secrecy-involved business of the military industry; general clearing member of interest rate swaps central clearing
     business of Shanghai Clearing House; settlement and sale of foreign exchange business; general clearing member of
     commodity and shipping financial derivatives central clearing business of Shanghai Clearing House; general clearing
     member of standard bond forward central clearing business of Shanghai Clearing House; general clearing member of
     net bond central clearing business of Shanghai Clearing House; member of the interbank foreign exchange market;
     member of the interbank foreign currency market; member of the Shanghai Bill Exchange Co., Ltd.; trustee of debt-
     financing instruments for non-financial enterprises.

Contact Person and Methods
                                          Board Secretary, Securities Affairs Representative, Company Secretary

 Name                                     Board Secretary: WANG Junfeng
                                          Securities Affairs Representative: YANG Baolin
                                          Joint Company Secretaries: LIU Xiaomeng; YU Hiu Kwan, Hilda

 Contact Address                          CITIC Securities Tower, No. 8 Zhong Xin San Road, Futian District, Shenzhen,
                                          Guangdong Province
                                          (Note:   This is a postal address and is in the same building as that of the registered address of the
                                                   Company. The registered address of the Company corresponds to the name of the building
                                                   registered with the Shenzhen Real Estate Ownership Registration Centre)


                                          CITIC Securities Tower, No. 48 Liangmaqiao Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing

 Telephone                                0086-755-2383 5383, 0086-10-6083 6030

 Facsimile                                0086-755-2383 5525, 0086-10-6083 6031

 Email                                    ir@citics.com


                                                                      CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report                     07
Company Information



Basic Information
Registered Address of the Company        North Tower, Excellence Times Plaza (II), No. 8 Zhong Xin San Road, Futian
                                         District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province


Postal Code of Registered Address        518048
  of the Company


Office Address of the Company            CITIC Securities Tower, No. 8 Zhong Xin San Road, Futian District, Shenzhen,
                                         Guangdong Province
                                         CITIC Securities Tower, No. 48 Liangmaqiao Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing

Postal Code of Office Address            518048, 100026
  of the Company


Business Address in Hong Kong            26/F, CITIC Tower, 1 Tim Mei Avenue, Central, Hong Kong


Website of the Company                   http://www.citics.com


Email                                    ir@citics.com


Telephone                                0086-755-2383 5888, 0086-10-6083 8888


Facsimile                                0086-755-2383 5861, 0086-10-6083 6029


Customer Service Hotline for Brokerage   95548, 4008895548
  and Asset Management Business


Investor Relations Hotline               0086-755-2383 5383, 0086-10-6083 6030


Unified Social Credibility Code          914403001017814402

Information Disclosure and Availability Places
Media designated for information         China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News, Securities Times
 disclosure by the Company


The websites designated for              Website designated by the CSRC: http://www.sse.com.cn (website of the SSE)
  publication of the Annual Reports      Website designated by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange: http://www.hkexnews.hk
  of the Company                         (HKExnews website of HKEx)


Places where Annual Reports              16/F, CITIC Securities Tower, No. 8 Zhong Xin San Road, Futian District,
  of the Company are available           Shenzhen, Guangdong Province


                                         10/F, CITIC Securities Tower, No. 48 Liangmaqiao Road, Chaoyang District,
                                         Beijing


                                         26/F, CITIC Tower, 1 Tim Mei Avenue, Central, Hong Kong


08
Brief Information of the Shares of the Company
                                                            Stock                                   Stock Short




                                                                                                                                  Company Information
Class of Shares           Stock Exchange of Listing         Short Name            Stock Code        Name Before Change


A Shares                  SSE                               CITIC Securities      600030            N/A
H Shares                  Hong Kong Stock Exchange          CITIC SEC             6030              N/A

Other Information of the Company
History of the Company
The Company was incorporated in Beijing on 25 October 1995, under the name of CITIC Securities Limited, with registered
capital of RMB300,000,000. The principal shareholder of the Company was CITIC Group which directly held 95% of share
capital of the Company.


On 29 December 1999, CITIC Securities Limited increased share capital and was converted into a joint stock limited
company known as CITIC Securities Company Limited. The registered capital was increased to RMB2,081,500,000 and the
direct shareholding of CITIC Group was 37.85%.


On 6 April 2000, with the approval of CSRC and the State Administration for Industry & Commerce of the People’s Republic
of China, the registered address of the Company was changed to Shenzhen.


In December 2002, the Company conducted the initial public offering of 400,000,000 A Shares at the price of RMB4.50 per
share, and such Shares were listed on the SSE on 6 January 2003. Upon completion of the offering, the total number of
Shares of the Company was increased to 2,481,500,000 shares and the direct shareholding of CITIC Group was 31.75%.


On 15 August 2005, the Company carried out the non-tradable shares reform. As a result, holders of non-tradable shares
paid consideration to holders of tradable shares in exchange for listing and trading rights of non-trading shares at a ratio of
10:3.5, pursuant to which holders of tradable shares received 3.5 shares for every 10 tradable shares. In addition, a total
of 30,000,000 shares were provided by all the holders of non-tradable shares as the shares for the Company’s first share
incentive scheme. Upon completion of the non-tradable shares reform, the total number of issued Shares of the Company
remained at 2,481,500,000 and all such Shares were tradable shares, of which, 1,941,500,000 shares were subject to
trading moratorium, accounting for 78.24% of the total issued Shares of the Company, and the direct shareholding of
CITIC Group was 29.89%. On 15 August 2008, all Shares held by the promoters which were previously subject to trading
moratorium became tradable on the market.


On 27 June 2006, the 500,000,000 A Shares issued by the Company to China Life Insurance (Group) Company and China
Life Insurance Company Ltd. by private placement at the price of RMB9.29 per share were listed and traded on SSE. The
total number of issued Shares of the Company increased from 2,481,500,000 to 2,981,500,000 and the direct shareholding
of CITIC Group was 24.88%.


On 4 September 2007, the 333,733,800 A Shares issued by Company by public offering at the price of RMB74.91 per
share were listed and traded on SSE. The total number of issued Shares of the Company increased from 2,981,500,000 to
3,315,233,800 and the direct shareholding of CITIC Group was 23.43%.




                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     09
Company Information



In April 2008, the Company conducted the 2007 profit distribution and capitalization issue, whereby the Company
distributed a cash dividend of RMB5 (tax inclusive) for every 10 Shares, and completed a capitalization issue of 10 bonus
Shares for every 10 Shares. Following the capitalization issue, the total number of issued Shares of the Company increased
from 3,315,233,800 to 6,630,467,600.


In June 2010, the Company conducted the 2009 profit distribution and capitalization issue, whereby the Company
distributed a cash dividend of RMB5 (tax inclusive) for every 10 Shares, and completed a capitalization issue of 5 bonus
Shares for every 10 Shares. Following the capitalization issue, the total number of issued Shares of the Company increased
from 6,630,467,600 to 9,945,701,400.


In September and October 2011, the Company conducted the initial public offering of 1,071,207,000 H Shares (inclusive of
the H Shares issued upon partial exercise of the over-allotment option) at the offering price of HK$13.30 per share. All such
Shares were ordinary shares, with a par value of RMB1 per share. According to the Administrative Measures for Reducing
the State-owned Shares to Raise Social Security Funds and with the approval from Ministry of Finance, the 13 State-owned
Shareholders of the Company transferred their 107,120,700 State-owned shares (inclusive of the shares reduced as a result
of partial exercise of over-allotment option) to the NSSF and converted them into H Shares. The 1,094,830,000 H Shares
issued and converted pursuant to the global offering (including the H Shares converted from corresponding State-owned
shares), the 75,907,000 H Shares issued upon the partial exercise of the over-allotment option and the 7,590,700 H Shares
converted from the corresponding State-owned shares, respectively, were listed and traded on the Main Board of the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange on 6 October 2011, 1 November 2011 and 7 November 2011. Upon completion of the offering, the
total number of issued Shares of the Company increased from 9,945,701,400 to 11,016,908,400, of which 9,838,580,700
Shares were A Shares and 1,178,327,700 Shares were H Shares, and the direct shareholding of CITIC Group was 20.30%.


On 27 December 2011, the largest Shareholder of the Company, CITIC Group, was restructured into a wholly Stated-owned
company and changed its name to “CITIC Group Corporation”, which took over all of the business and assets of former
CITIC Group. CITIC Group together with Beijing CITIC Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. established CITIC Limited (renamed
as CITIC Corporation Limited in 2014) on 27 December 2011 by contributing substantially all of its operating net assets
(inclusive of its 20.30% Shares in the Company). With the approval of CSRC, CITIC Group and CITIC Corporation Limited
completed the procedures for the transfer of shareholding on 25 February 2013. The largest Shareholder of the Company
was changed to CITIC Corporation Limited and its direct shareholding in the Company is 20.30%. On 16 April 2014, CITIC
Group and Beijing CITIC Enterprise Management Co., Ltd., as the shareholders of CITIC Corporation Limited, entered into
a share transfer agreement with CITIC Pacific, pursuant to which they agreed to transfer their 100% equity interest held
in CITIC Corporation Limited to CITIC Pacific. The relevant equity transfer was completed on 25 August 2014, and CITIC
Pacific became the sole and direct shareholder of CITIC Corporation Limited, the largest Shareholder of the Company. On
27 August 2014, CITIC Pacific changed its name to CITIC Limited.


On 23 June 2015, upon the listing and trading on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange of the 1,100,000,000 H Shares issued
by the Company to 10 investors, including Kuwait Investment Authority, by private placement at the price of HK$24.60 per
Share, the total number of issued Shares of the Company increased from 11,016,908,400 to 12,116,908,400, of which
9,838,580,700 Shares were A Shares and 2,278,327,700 Shares were H Shares. Following completion of the issuance, the
direct shareholding of CITIC Corporation Limited was 15.59%.




10
On 26 February 2016 and 29 February 2016, CITIC Corporation Limited, through its own stock account, increased
its shareholding in the Company by an aggregate of 110,936,871 A Shares. Upon the completion of the increase in




                                                                                                                                Company Information
shareholding, the total number of Shares of the Company directly held by CITIC Corporation Limited increased from
1,888,758,875 Shares to 1,999,695,746 Shares, and the direct shareholding of CITIC Corporation Limited increased from
15.59% to 16.50%.

On 27 May 2019, the 2019 first extraordinary general meeting of the Company considered and approved the transaction
in relation to acquisition of 100% equity interest in Guangzhou Securities by issuance of Shares. The procedures for
transfer of the target assets under the aforementioned transaction and the relevant industrial and commercial registration of
changes were completed in January 2020. The Company currently holds 100% equity interest in Guangzhou Securities (as
previously named), and Guangzhou Securities has changed its name to CITIC Securities South China Company Limited. On
11 March 2020, the Company completed the issuance of 265,352,996 and 544,514,633 consideration Shares to Yuexiu
Financial Holdings and Financial Holdings Limited, respectively. The registered capital of the Company has been changed
from RMB12,116,908,400 to RMB12,926,776,029. The total number of issued Shares of the Company increased from
12,116,908,400 Shares to 12,926,776,029 Shares, of which, the number of A Shares increased from 9,838,580,700 Shares
to 10,648,448,329 Shares and the number of H Shares remained as 2,278,327,700 Shares. The direct shareholding of
CITIC Corporation Limited is 15.47%. Yuexiu Financial Holdings and Financial Holdings Limited in aggregate hold 6.26% of
the Shares of the Company.

After its listing on SSE, the Company has since been included in the SSE 180 Index, SSE 50 Index, CSI 300 Index, SSE
Corporate Governance Index, FTSE/Xinhua A50 China Index, Dow Jones China 88 Index, and SSE Social Responsibility
index, etc. After its listing on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the Company has since been included in constituent
stocks of indices such as the Hang Seng China H-Financials Index, Hang Seng China AH Index Series, Hang Seng Global
Composite Index, Hang Seng Composite Index, Hang Seng Composite Industry Index — Financials and Hang Seng
Composite MidCap Index, Hang Seng China Enterprises Index, Hang Seng Mainland 100 Index, Hang Seng CSI Shanghai-
Hong Kong AH Smart Index, SSE SH Equities Index, FTSE China 25 Index, MSCI China Index and Hang Seng (China
A) Corporate Sustainability Benchmark Index, which greatly enhanced the prestige of the Company. Since the launch
of Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect on 17 November 2014, the Shares of the Company have been included in its
northbound trading list and southbound trading list respectively. Upon the launch of Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect
on 5 December 2016, H Share of the Company has become an eligible stock of Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect.

Changes in registration status during the Reporting Period:

On 27 May 2020, the Company completed the filing of changes to the registered capital and amendments to the Articles of
Association of the Company with the Shenzhen Administration for Market Regulation.

Information of first registration:

Date of First Registration: 25 October 1995

First Registered Address: Capital Mansion, No. 6 Xinyuan South Road, Chaoyang District, Beijing

Registration Number of Corporate Legal Person Business License: 10001830

Certificate of Organization Code: 10178144-0

Please refer to “1. Company Information” of the 2002 Annual Report of the Company for the information on the first
registration of the Company.


                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     11
Company Information



Changes in the businesses
The Company was established by CITIC Group through integrating the original scattered securities operating institutions
immediately after the initial start of the securities market in China. The Company has actively operated its businesses
following the principle of “standardized operation and stable and healthy development”. At the end of 1996, the Company
became one of the first ten securities houses whose stock underwriting qualification was re-approved by CSRC; in October
1999, the Company became one of the first batch of comprehensive securities companies approved by CSRC and one of
the first batch of securities houses whose qualification as a lead underwriter for equity product was re-approved by CSRC.
The Company is one of the supervisor members of the Securities Association of China, one of the first batch of securities
companies to enter into the national interbank lending market, and one of the first batch of securities companies authorized
to engage in stock-secured loans. In 2002, the Company obtained the qualifications to engage in entrusted investment
management business and fund sales agency services. In 2005, the Company obtained the qualification as enterprise
annuity manager. In 2006, the Company became the first (the only) securities company to obtain the qualification as a lead
underwriter of short-term commercial papers. In 2007, the Company obtained the qualifications for the trial business of
direct investment and overseas securities investment management business as a qualified domestic institutional investor
(QDII). In 2008, the Company became a Class-A clearing participant of CSDC and obtained the qualification for the provision
of brokerage services to futures companies. In 2009, the Company obtained the qualification to manage the transfer of
converted shares of the NSSF. In 2010, the Company obtained the qualifications for margin financing and securities lending
business, stock index futures trading in proprietary business and assets management business and was approved to be a
domestic investment manager for the NSSF. In 2011, the Company became one of the first batch of companies to obtain
the stock repo trading qualification. In 2012, the Company obtained the qualifications for underwriting of private placement
of SME bonds, entrusted management of insurance funds, distribution of financial products, pilot businesses of stock return
swap, pilot refinancing business and consultancy services relating to secrecy-involved business of the military industry. In
2013, the Company obtained the qualifications for sideline insurance agency business, and treasury bond futures trading
in proprietary business and the securities assets management business. It was among the first batch of companies to
obtain the qualifications for membership of Shanghai Clearing House on RMB interest rate swaps to conduct the clearing
agency business and one of the first batch of companies to become a general clearing member in 2014. In 2014, the
Company obtained the qualifications for agency services business for gold and other precious metal spot contracts and
proprietary business for spot gold contracts, OTC option business, Internet-based securities business, New OTC market
making business, securities investment fund custody business, Southbound Trading Connect business, credit risk mitigation
instruments selling business and financing business with respect to exercising rights under share incentive schemes of listed
companies, and was qualified as a primary dealer of open market. In 2015, the Company obtained the qualification of the
stock options market making business, and was approved to commence SSE 50 ETF options market making business;
the Company was admitted as a stock options trading participant on the SSE and obtained the trading permission to
commence the stock options brokerage and proprietary trading business. In 2016, the Company obtained the qualification
to manage occupational annuity for government employees, and was accepted as a non-bank member on the Shanghai
Bill Exchange Co., Ltd., and obtained the trading permission to commence the rediscount, pledged repurchase, outright
repurchase and other transactions of bills. In 2018, the Company obtained the qualifications for investment in overseas
financial products or instruments that other QDIIs are allowed to invest in using its proprietary capital. In 2019, the Company
obtained the business qualification as principal market maker of listed funds; was approved to conduct the market making
business of treasure bond futures and the stock index option market making business; obtained the operation qualification
of settlement and sale of foreign exchange business, and can conduct pilot settlement and sale of foreign exchange
business; became a member of the interbank foreign exchange market and the interbank foreign currency market, and can
engage in spot, forward, swap, currency swap, foreign currency interest rate swap and options trading. After filing with the
State Administration of Foreign Exchange in 2020, the Company can carry out related foreign exchange business on behalf
of customers, and after filing with the National Association of Financial Market Institutional Investors, the Company becomes
the trustee of debt-financing instruments for non-financial enterprises and can carry out entrusted management business.


12
Changes of principal Shareholders
Since the establishment of the Company, CITIC Group or its subsidiary has been the largest Shareholder of the Company.




                                                                                                                               Company Information
Upon completion of the acquisition of 100% equity interest in Guangzhou Securities (as previously named) by issuing Shares
to Yuexiu Financial Holdings and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Financial Holdings Limited, in 2020, Yuexiu Financial Holdings
and Financial Holdings Limited in aggregate hold more than 5% Shares of the Company. Please refer to “History of the
Company” under this section for details.


Results of the classification of the Company by the regulatory authorities
In the 2020 Classification and Evaluation of Securities Companies, the Company, together with its subsidiaries engaging in
securities business, including CITIC Securities (Shandong), CITIC Securities South China and Kington Securities, were rated
AA in the category A of the Chinese securities industry.


The organization status of the Company
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has six principal wholly-owned subsidiaries, namely CITIC Securities
(Shandong), CSI, GoldStone Investment, CITIC Securities Investment, CITIC Futures and CITIC Securities South China,
and one principal non wholly-owned subsidiary, namely China AMC. Please refer to “Analysis of principal subsidiaries and
companies in which the Company has a non-controlling interest” of this report for details.


Number and distribution of branches of the Company
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company, CITIC Securities (Shandong), CITIC Securities South China, CITIC
Futures and Kington Securities had 84 branch offices and 337 outlets in Mainland China (including 333 securities outlets
and 4 futures outlets) in total. In addition, as at the end of the Reporting Period, CSI had four branches in Hong Kong
through its subsidiary.


The number and distribution of domestic securities outlets of the Group are as follows:


Province, city              Number of      Province, city            Number of      Province, city             Number of
or area                         outlets    or area                        outlets   or area                        outlets

Zhejiang                             62    Hubei                               10   Shaanxi                              5
Shandong                             57    Jiangxi                              7   Shanxi                               2
Guangdong                            54    Liaoning                            11   Anhui                                3
Shanghai                             20    Henan                                7   Chongqing                            1
Jiangsu                              29    Sichuan                              8   Jilin                                1
Beijing                              22    Hebei                                7   Hunan                                7
Fujian                                 8   Tianjin                              4   Inner Mongolia                       1
Guangxi                                2   Heilongjiang                         1   Qinghai                              2
Tibet                                  1   Yunnan                               1




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report    13
Company Information



The number and distribution of other domestic securities branch offices of the Group are as follows:


Province,                   Number of      Province,                  Number of      Province,                 Number of
city or area            branch offices     city or area           branch offices     city or area          branch offices


Zhejiang                               7   Hubei                                1    Shaanxi                              1
Shandong                               5   Jiangxi                              1    Shanxi                               1
Guangdong                              1   Liaoning                             1    Anhui                                1
Shanghai                               2   Henan                                1    Chongqing                            1
Jiangsu                                1   Sichuan                              1    Jilin                                1
Beijing                                1   Hebei                                1    Hunan                                1
Fujian                                 1   Tianjin                              1    Inner Mongolia                       1
Heilongjiang                           1   Yunnan                               1    Guangxi                              1
Hainan                                 1   Gansu                                1    Ningxia                              1
Guizhou                                1   Xinjiang                             1

As at the end of the Reporting Period, CITIC Futures held 48 branches, including 44 branch offices and 4 futures outlets (all
of them are located in Zhejiang), the number and distribution of which are as follows:


Province,                   Number of      Province,                  Number of      Province,                 Number of
city or area                  branches     city or area                branches      city or area                branches


Beijing                                3   Guizhou                              1    Inner Mongolia                       1
Shanghai                               4   Hainan                               1    Ningxia                              1
Guangdong                              4   Hebei                                1    Shandong                             4
Zhejiang                               7   Henan                                1    Shanxi                               1
Yunnan                                 1   Hubei                                1    Shaanxi                              1
Heilongjiang                           1   Hunan                                1    Sichuan                              1
Anhui                                  1   Jiangsu                              3    Tianjin                              1
Fujian                                 1   Jiangxi                              1    Xinjiang                             1
Gansu                                  1   Liaoning                             2    Chongqing                            1
Guangxi                                1




14
Other Relevant Information
Auditors engaged by the         Name                              PwC Zhong Tian




                                                                                                                       Company Information
  Company (Domestic)            Office Address                    11/F, Pricewaterhouse-Coopers Center,
                                                                  Link Square 2,
                                                                  202 Hu Bin Road,
                                                                  Huangpu District, Shanghai
                                Name of the signing accountant    JIANG Kun, LU Yibin


Auditors engaged by the         Name                              PwC Hong Kong
  Company (Overseas)                                              Certified Public Accountants
                                                                  Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
                                Office Address                    22/F, Prince’s Building, Central, Hong Kong
                                Name of the signing accountant    LEUNG Wai Kin


Legal Advisers as to PRC Laws   Name                              Beijing Jiayuan Law Firm


Legal Advisers as to            Name                              Jingtian & Gongcheng LLP
  Hong Kong Laws


A Share Registrar               Name                              CSDC, Shanghai Branch
                                Office Address                    36/F, China Insurance Building, 166 Lujiazui
                                                                  East Road, Pudong New Area, Shanghai


H Share Registrar               Name                              Computershare Hong Kong Investor Services
                                                                  Limited
                                Office Address                    17M/F, Hopewell Centre, 183 Queen’s Road
                                                                  East, Wanchai, Hong Kong




                                                            CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   15
Company Information



Awards in 2020
The Company
Issued by                     Name of Awards


SSE                           2019 Excellent Options Market Maker
                              2020 Special Award for Epidemic Prevention and Control, Excellent Underwriter of
                              Financial Bonds, Excellent Underwriter of Local Government Bonds, Excellent Underwriter
                              of Corporate Bonds, Excellent Underwriter of Corporate Bond Innovative Products,
                              Excellent Manager for Asset Securitization Business, Excellent Manager for Asset
                              Securitization Innovative Business, Excellent Bond Dealer, Excellent Bond Investment
                              Institution (Proprietary, Asset Management), Excellent Participating Institution for Bond
                              Lending, Excellent Participating Institution of Bond Pledge Tripartite Repurchase, Excellent
                              Participating Institution in Credit Protection Tool Business, Excellent Trustee


SZSE                          2019 Excellent ETF Liquidity Service Provider
                              2020 Excellent Corporate Bond Underwriter, Excellent Asset Backed Special Plan
                              Manager, Excellent Bond Duration Management Institution, Excellent Private Enterprise
                              Financing Supporting Institution, Outstanding Underwriter Award in Interest Rate Bonds,
                              Excellent Bond Investment Trading Institution, Positive Contribution Award to Bond Trading
                              Mechanism Optimization, Excellent Cross-market Bond Underwriting Transferred to
                              Custodian Institution


Shenzhen Municipal            Runner-up Prize of 2019 Shenzhen Financial Innovation Award: CITIC Securities Quantitative
  Government                  Trading Platform


National Interbank Funding Core Dealer, Excellent Dealer in the Bond Market, Excellent Dealer in the Derivatives Market,
  Centre                      Outstanding Contribution in Opening Up, Market Innovation Award, Trading Mechanism
                              Innovation Award, Automated Trading Innovation Award


Insurance Asset               2019 Most Popular Securities Institution in Insurance Asset Management
  Management                  2019 Most Popular Securities Institution in Insurance Asset Management (Trusted Business)
  Association of China        2019 Most Popular Securities Institutions in Insurance Asset Management (Trading Service)


China Development Bank        Excellent Underwriter in the Exchange Market, Outstanding Underwriter in the Interbank
                              Market, Excellent Market Maker in the Interbank Market, Overseas Market Promotion Award,
                              Best Research Cooperation Institution, Buy and Sell Excellent Institution


Agricultural Development      Excellent Underwriter Award, Best Broker Institution Award, Outstanding Contribution Award
  Bank of China               for Anti-epidemic, Excellent Secondary Market Maker of Agricultural Development Bonds,
                              Excellent Bond Connect Market Maker of Agricultural Development Bonds, Outstanding
                              Underwriter of Exchange Financial Bonds, Best Cooperative Underwriter Award for
                              Overseas Bonds (CLSA Limited)




16
Issued by              Name of Awards




                                                                                                                    Company Information
Bond Connect Company   Top Market Maker 2020, Marketing Award
 Limited


SRP                    Best Domestic House, Best Distributor, Best Index Provider, Best Performance


Finance Asia           2020 Achievement Award
                       Best M&A Project of the Year: Assets Restructuring of China Oil & Gas Pipeline Network
                       Corporation


Asiamoney              2020 Best Corporate Finance and Investment Bank in China
                       Best Broker in China, Best Domestic Equity Financing Broker, Best Domestic Debt
                       Financing Broker
                       2020 China ABS Leader Award
                       Best ABS Underwriter for Auto Loan, Most Innovative Securitization Business
                       Best MBS Deal of the Year: Gongyuan Yiju First Tranche of Personal Housing Mortgage
                       Loan Asset-backed Securities in 2020 (The first LPR linked RMBS)


Merger Market          2020 China Enterprise M&A Award
                       Best M&A Deal of the Year: Asset Restructuring of China Oil & Gas Pipeline Network
                       Corporation
                       Best Consumer Industry M&A Deal of the Year: Wumart’s Acquisition of Metro
                       Best Financial Services Industry M&A Deal of the Year: Restructuring of Baoshang Bank


The Asset              Triple A Country Awards 2020
                       Best Consultant for Local Corporates and Institutions, Best Local Equity Consultant, Best
                       M&A Consultant
                       Best Anti-epidemic Project: Wumart’s Bonds for Epidemic Prevention and Control
                       Best IPO Project: Cambricon
                       Best Asset-backed Securitization Project: DEBAO TIANYUAN ZHIXIN First Tranche of
                       Personal Auto Mortgage Loan Asset-backed Securities in 2020
                       2019/2020 Triple A Sustainable Investing Awards
                       Best Domestic Trustee Award (Broker Category — Rising Star Award)


Caixin Media           Caixin Capital Market Achievement Awards for 2019
                       No. 1 Best Investment Bank, No. 1 Best Investment Bank for Financial Industry, No. 2 Best
                       Investment Bank in Industries, No. 3 Best Investment Bank in TMT Industry
                       No. 1 Best Stock Underwriting Broker, No. 1 Best Bond Underwriting Broker, No. 1 Best
                       A-Share Underwriter, No. 1 Best A-Share IPO Underwriter, No. 2 Best A-Share Non-public
                       Issuance Underwriter
                       No. 1 Best Financial Bond Underwriter, No. 2 Best Asset Securitization Underwriter, No. 2
                       Best Corporate Bond Underwriter, No. 2 Best Onshore Green Bond Underwriter, No. 3 Best
                       Corporate Bond


                                                        CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report    17
Company Information



Issued by          Name of Awards


New Fortune        The 13th New Fortune Best Investment Bank
                   No. 1 Best Local Investment Bank, No. 1 Best Investment Bank in Equity Underwriting,
                   No. 1 Best Investment Bank in Debt Underwriting, No. 1 Best Refinancing Investment
                   Bank, No. 1 Best STAR Market Investment Bank, No. 2 Best IPO Investment Bank, No. 2
                   Best Investment Bank in Mergers and Acquisitions, No. 2 Best Investment Bank in Serving
                   Overseas Markets, No. 3 Best NEEQ Investment Bank, No. 1 Best Investment Bank in
                   Aerospace and Military Industry, No. 2 Best Investment Bank in Finance & Real Estate, No.
                   3 Best Investment Bank in Medicine & Health, No. 4 Best Investment Bank in TMT
                   Best IPO Project: No. 1 (PSBC), No. 2 (CZBank), No. 4 (Baofeng Energy)
                   Best Refinancing Project: No. 1 (Non-public Issuance of Preferred Shares of the Bank of
                   China), No. 2 (Non-public Issuance of Preferred Shares of the ICBC), No. 4 (Restructuring
                   and Listing of Easyhome New Retail), No. 5 (Non-public Issuance of Preferred Shares of
                   the Industrial Bank), No. 6 (Overall Listing of the CITIC Special Steel), No. 8 (Non-public
                   Issuance of China Eastern)
                   Best STAR Market Project: No. 1 ( CRSC), No. 3 (Montage Technology)
                   Best Overseas Project No. 2 (COFCO Property’s Acquisition of Joy City Property)
                   Best Corporate Bond Project: No. 1 (Public Issuance of 2019 green exchangeable corporate
                   bond of China Three Gorges Corporation), No. 3 (Non-public Issuance of 2019 First Tranche
                   exchangeable corporate bond of China Merchants Group Co., Ltd.)
                   Best Convertible Bond Project No. 1 (Ping An Bank — Convertible Bond)


Securities Times   2020 Jun Ding Award for Investment Bank in China
                   Full-Service Investment Bank in China, STAR Market Investment Bank in China, SSE SME
                   Board Investment Bank in China, Main Board Investment Bank in China
                   STAR Market Project in China: Montage Technology IPO
                   ChiNext Project in China: Non-public Issuance of Eve Energy
                   SSE SME Board Project in China: IPO of Bank of Qingdao
                   Main Board Project in China: 2019 Convertible Bond of CITIC Bank
                   2020 Jun Ding Award for Wealth Management Institution in China
                   Jun Ding Award for Asset Management Broker, Jun Ding Award for Equity Investment Team,
                   Jun Ding Award for Top 10 Innovative Products
                   2020 Jun Ding Award for Securities Broker in China
                   Jun Ding Award for Full-Service Securities Broker, Jun Ding Award for Retail Securities
                   Broker




18
Issued by                  Name of Awards




                                                                                                                          Company Information
Wind Info                  2020 Listed Companies Ranking List in China
                           Top 50 in the Total List of Market Value List, Top 50 Most Popular Listed Companies by
                           Institutions, Top 5 in the Diversified Financial Industry
                           2019 Wind Best Investment Bank
                           Best Equity Underwriter, Best IPO Underwriter, Best Refinancing Underwriter, Best Preferred
                           Stock Underwriter, Best NEEQ Select Tier Equity Underwriter, Best Bond Underwriter,
                           Best Credit Bond Underwriter-Excellent Securities Trader Award, Best Financial Bond
                           Underwriter-Excellent Securities Trader Award, Best Asset-backed Securities Underwriter,
                           Best Credit ABS Underwriter, Best Enterprise ABS Underwriter, Best Underwriter of
                           Company Bonds, Best Underwriter of Corporate Bonds, Best Underwriter of Convertible
                           Bonds, Best Underwriter of Exchangeable Bonds


China Securities Journal   2020 Golden Bull Award in Chinese Securities Industry
                           Golden Bull Award of Top Ten Securities Companies, Golden Bull Award of Social
                           Responsibility of Securities Companies, Golden Bull Asset Management Team Award
                           2019 Golden Bull Wealth Management Product Selection
                           Three-Year Golden Bull Broker’s Collective Asset Manager, Golden Bull Broker’s Social
                           Responsibility on Asset Management Award
                           Three-Year Golden Bull Broker’s Collective Asset Management Plan: CITIC Securities
                           Dividend Value for One Year Holding Hybrid Collective Asset Management Plan, CITIC
                           Securities Selected Equities Collective Asset Management Plan
                           Five-Year Golden Bull Broker’s Collective Asset Management Plan: CITIC Securities
                           Selected Value Growth Hybrid Collective Asset Management Plan (former CITIC Securities
                           Equity-bond Hybrid), CITIC Securities Quantitative Optimal Equity Collective Asset
                           Management Plan (former CITIC Securities TaoLiBao #1)
                           Innovative Award for Golden Bull Broker’s Collective Asset Management Plan: CITIC
                           Securities Six-Month Rolling Bond Collective Asset Management Plan


China Fund•Yinghua Award Best Asset Management Broker Award, Best Fixed Income Broker Asset Management
                           Award, Best Equity Broker Asset Management Award
                           Best Broker Asset Management Innovation Products Award: CITIC Securities Six-Month
                           Rolling Bond Collective Asset Management Plan
                           Best Private Funds Custody Broker


Financial Times            2020 Best Securities Company


Shanghai Securities News   2020 Gold Quality Award (Social Responsibility Award)


Yicai                      Top 10 Investment Banks of the Year of China Financial Value Ranking 2020




                                                               CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   19
Company Information



Issued by                  Name of Awards


International Financial News 2020 Pioneer Investment Bank, 2020 Asset Management Pioneer Broker, 2020 Best
                           Securities APP


Sina Finance               2020 China Enterprise ESG “Golden Responsibility Award”: Best Securities Company for
                           Responsible Investment


JRJ.com                    2020 “Pilot China” Annual Selection: Thirty Years of Mighty•Outstanding Securities
                           Company in China


www.caishiv.com            The 10th Fund and Wealth Management•Jie Fu Awards: Outstanding Custodian

CITIC Securities/CLSA Limited
Issued by                  Name of Awards


Agricultural Development   Best Cooperative Underwriter Award of Overseas Bonds
 Bank of China


Asiamoney                  2020 China Outstanding Corporate Finance and Investment Bank Award
                           Best for Cross-border M&A 2020
                           Asiamoney Brokers Poll 2020
                           No. 2 Best Research & Sales in Asia (Excluding Australia & Japan)
                           No. 2 Sales in Asia (Excluding Australia & Japan)
                           No. 2 Research in Asia (Excluding Australia & Japan)
                           No. 2 Overall Combined Research & Sales in China (A & B Shares)
                           No. 2 Best Broker in China (A & B Shares), No. 2 Best Research, No. 1 Best Analyst for
                           Banks, No. 2 Best Overall Salesperson, No. 3 Best Salesperson, No. 2 Best Execution, No.
                           2 Best CA Servicer
                           No. 2 Best Broker in China (H Shares), No. 1 Best Analyst for Semiconductors &
                           Semiconductor Equipment, No. 2 Best Overall Salesperson, No. 1 Best Salesperson, No. 2
                           Best Executive, No. 2 Best CA Servicer
                           No. 1 Best Analyst for Small/mid Caps Stock in Hong Kong, China, No. 3 Best Overall
                           Salesperson of Local Stocks, No. 3 Best Salesperson, No. 3 Best Executive, No. 3 Best CA
                           Servicer
                           No. 3 Overall Combined Research & Sales in Australia
                           Awards in Asia (Excluding Japan)
                           Research: No. 3 Best Economist/No. 1 Best Technical Analyst (Quantitative)/No. 1 Best
                           Analyst for Banks/No. 2 Best Analyst for Consumer Staples/No. 3 Best Analyst for Real
                           Estate/No. 1 Best Analyst for Healthcare/No. 2 Best Analyst for Insurance/No. 1 Best
                           Analyst for Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment/No. 2 Best Analyst for Technology
                           Hardware & Equipment/No. 2 Best Analyst for Software & Internet Services/No. 3 Best
                           Analyst for Telecommunication Services
                           Sales: No. 1 Best Regional Salesperson


20
Issued by   Name of Awards




                                                                                                           Company Information
            Japan
            Research: No. 1 Best Strategist
            Sales and Trading: No. 1 Best Salesperson/No. 3 Best Salesperson/No. 3 Best Sales
            Trader
            Australia
            Research: No. 1 Best Economist/No. 1 Best Analyst for Small/mid Caps/No. 1 Best
            Analyst for Banks/No. 1 Best Analyst for Consumer Staples/No. 1 Best Analyst for Energy/
            No. 1 Best Analyst for Financials (Non-banking)/No. 1 Best Analyst for Healthcare/No. 1
            Best Analyst for Industrials/No. 1 Best Analyst for Software & Internet Services/No. 1 Best
            Analyst for Technology Hardware & Equipment/No. 1 Best Analyst for Transportation &
            Logistics/No. 1 Best Analyst for Utilities
            Sales and Trading: No. 2 Best Overall Sales Services/No. 1 Best Salesperson/No. 2 Best
            Salesperson/No. 1 Best Sales Trader/No. 2 Best Sales Trader/No. 3 Best Sales Trader/No.
            2 Best for Execution
            Indonesia
            Research: No. 2 Best for Overall Research/No. 1 Best Analyst for Automobiles &
            Components/No. 1 Best Analyst for Consumer Discretionary/No. 1 Best Analyst for Real
            Estate
            Sales and Trading: No. 2 Best Overall Sales Services/No. 1 Best Salesperson/No. 1 Best
            Sales Trader/No. 2 Best for Execution/No. 2 Best CA Servicer
            Malaysia
            Research: No. 3 Best for Overall Research/No. 1 Best Analyst for Construction &
            Engineering/No. 1 Best Analyst for Consumer Discretionary/No. 1 Best Analyst for
            Semiconductors & Semiconductor Equipment/No. 1 Best Analyst for Technology Hardware
            & Equipment
            Sales and Trading: No. 2 Best Overall Sales Services/No. 1 Best Salesperson/No. 2 Best
            Salesperson/No. 1 Best Sales Trader/No. 3 Best for Execution/No. 3 Best CA Servicer
            The Philippines
            Research: No. 1 Best for Overall Research/No. 1 Best Strategist/No. 1 Best Economist/No.
            1 Best Analyst for Small/mid Caps Stock/No. 1 Best Analyst for Banks/No. 1 Best Analyst
            for Casinos & Gaming/No. 1 Best Analyst for Construction & Engineering/No. 1 Best Analyst
            for Consumer Staples/No. 1 Best Analyst for Consumer Discretionary/No. 1 Best Analyst for
            Energy/No. 1 Best Analyst for Financials (Non-banking)/No. 1 Best Analyst for Industrials/
            No. 1 Best Analyst for Materials/No. 1 Best Analyst for Real Estate/No. 1 Best Analyst for
            Software & Internet Services/No. 1 Best Analyst for Telecommunication Services/No. 1 Best
            Analyst for Transportation & Logistics/No. 1 Best Analyst for Utilities
            Sales and Trading: No. 1 Best Overall Sales Services/No. 1 Best Salesperson/No. 2 Best
            Salesperson/No. 1 Best Sales Trader/No. 1 Best for Execution/No. 2 Best CA Servicer




                                                CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   21
Company Information



Issued by      Name of Awards


               Singapore
               Research: No. 1 Best Analyst for Banks/No. 1 Best Analyst for Transportation & Logistics
               Sales and Trading: No. 3 Best Salesperson/No. 3 Best for Execution
               Thailand
               Research: No. 1 Best for Overall Research/No. 1 Best Strategist/No. 1 Best Analyst for
               Agriculture/No. 1 Best Analyst for Construction & Engineering/No. 1 Best Analyst for
               Consumer Discretionary/No. 1 Best Analyst for Financials (Non-banking)
               Sales and Trading: No. 1 Best Overall Sales Services/No. 1 Best Salesperson/No. 2 Best
               Salesperson/No. 2 Best Sales Trader/No. 3 Best Sales Trader/No. 2 Best for Execution/No.
               1 Best CA Servicer


Finance Asia   Country Awards for Achievement 2020 (China)
               Best Securities Broker in China
               Best Deal in China/Hong Kong: JD.com’s Hong Kong secondary listing (CITIC Securities/
               CLSA Limited as one of the sponsors)
               Equity Deal of the Year: JD.com’s Hong Kong secondary listing (CITIC Securities/CLSA
               Limited as one of the sponsors)


The Asset      Triple A Country Awards 2020 (China)
               Best Equity Deal: JD.com US$3.9 billion Hong Kong secondary listing (CITIC Securities/
               CLSA Limited as one of the sponsors)
               Best IPO: Hangzhou Tigermed US$1.38 billion Hong Kong IPO (CITIC Securities/CLSA
               Limited as one of the sponsors, global coordinators, bookrunners and lead managers)
               Best Privatization: US$2 billion privatization of Huaneng Renewables Corporation (CITIC
               Securities/CLSA Limited as financial adviser)
               Best LGFV Bond: Yunnan Provincial Energy Investment Group Company US$300 million
               senior unsecured notes and unsubordinated perpetual securities (CITIC Securities/CLSA
               Limited as one of the bookrunners and lead managers)
               Best Liability Management: Guangzhou R&F Properties Company senior bond issuance
               (CITIC Securities/CLSA Limited as one of the global coordinators)
               Best Bank Capital Bond: Bank of Communications (Hong Kong) Limited US dollar perpetual
               non-cumulative subordinated additional tier 1 capital instruments (CITIC Securities/CLSA
               Limited as one of the bookrunners and lead managers)
               Best Corporate Bond: China National Travel Service Group Corporation Limited dual-
               tranche senior secured notes (CITIC Securities/CLSA Limited as one of the bookrunners and
               lead managers)




22
Issued by                  Name of Awards




                                                                                                                             Company Information
Refinitiv                  2020 STARMINE Analyst Awards
                           Asia
                           No. 1 Stock Selection in Banks/No. 1 Profit Forecast in Equity Real Estate Investment
                           Trusts (REITs)/No. 1 Profit Forecast in Financial Services/No. 3 Stock Selection in Financial
                           Services/No. 2 Profit Forecast in Interactive Media & Services/No. 10 Overall Analyst
                           Awards: Metals & Mining, Energy & Chemicals and Construction & Engineering
                           China (including Hong Kong)
                           No. 4 Overall Analyst Awards: Real Estate/No. 1 Stock Selection in Financial Services/No.
                           2 Profit Forecast in Financial Services/No. 2 Profit Forecast in Interactive Media & Services/
                           No. 2 Stock Selection in Materials/No. 3 Profit Forecast in Materials/No. 2 Stock Selection in
                           Transportation & Industrials/No. 3 Profit Forecast in Transportation & Industrials
                           Australia and New Zealand
                           No. 1 Stock Selection in Energy/No. 3 Profit Forecast in Energy/No. 1 Profit Forecast in
                           Food, Beverage and Tobacco/No. 1 Stock Selection in Hotels, Restaurants & Leisure/No. 1
                           Profit Forecast in Hotels, Restaurants & Leisure/No. 3 Profit Forecast in Interactive Media &
                           Services/No. 2 Profit Forecast in Transportation & Infrastructure/No. 2 Profit Forecast in Real
                           Estate/No. 3 Overall Analyst Awards: Energy and Utilities/No. 10 Overall Analyst Awards:
                           Retail and Consumer Goods, Food, Beverage &Tobacco and Hotels, Restaurants & Leisure
                           India
                           No. 2 Stock Selection in Utilities/No. 3 Profit Forecast in Banks/No. 3 Profit Forecast in
                           Energy/No. 3 Profit Forecast in Real Estate/No. 9 Overall Analyst Awards: Banks/No. 10
                           Overall Analyst Awards: Information Technology
                           Japan
                           No. 1 Profit Forecast in Software & IT Services/No. 2 Profit Forecast in Entertainment


Sina Finance               Sina Finance Hong Kong Financial Institutions Awards (HKFIA)
                           The Best IPO Financial Advisor of the Year

GoldStone Investment
Issued by                  Name of Awards


China Securities Journal   Golden Bull Broker’s Equity Investment Annual Winner, Golden Bull Best IPO Case


Zero2IPO Group             2020 Top 20 Private Equity Investment Institutions in China, 2020 Top 10 Investment
                           Institutions in Advanced Manufacturing Field in China, 2020 Top 10 Best Investment
                           Institutions in Scientific Innovation Enterprise in China, 2020 Top 50 China State-owned
                           Investment Institutions in China, 2020 Top 10 Securities Company Equity Investment
                           Institutions in China
                           Member of 10 Billion Club of Equity Investment Market in China for 20 Years




                                                              CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report      23
Company Information



CITIC Futures
Issued by                   Name of Awards


Zhengzhou Commodity         2019 Excellent Member, Excellent Risk Management Company, Excellent Member in
  Exchange                  Talent Cultivation, Excellent Member in Industrial Service, Excellent Member in White Sugar
                            Variety Service, Excellent Member in Methyl Alcohol Variety Service, Excellent Member
                            in Glass Variety Service, Excellent Member in PTA Variety Service, Excellent Member in
                            Cotton Variety Service, Excellent Member in Vegetable Variety Service, Excellent Member in
                            Ferroalloy Variety Service, Excellent Member in Apple Variety Service, Excellent Member in
                            Thermal Coal Variety Service


Dalian Commodity            Gold Award for Outstanding Member, Outstanding Institutional Service Award, Outstanding
  Exchange                  Chemical Product Service Award, Outstanding International Market Service Award,
                            Outstanding Black Product Service Award, Outstanding Agricultural Product Service
                            Award, Outstanding Industrial Service Award, Outstanding Option Market Service Award,
                            Outstanding Technical Support Award


China Financial Futures     Platinum Award for Outstanding Member, Technology Management Award, Business
 Exchange                   Innovation Award, Outstanding Investment Education Award, Product Development Award
                            (Stock Index Options, Stock Index Futures, Treasury Futures)


Shanghai Futures            2019: Outstanding Member (Gold), Industry Service Award (bronze, fuel oil, asphalt, zinc,
  Exchange                  lead, steel, tin, gold, silver, aluminum, natural rubber, nickel, energy and chemical, stainless
                            steel, pulp)


Insurance Asset             2019 Most Popular Futures Company for Insurance Assets, 2019 Most Popular Futures
 Management                 Company for Insurance Assets (Research Services), 2019 Most Popular Futures Company
 Association of China       for Insurance Assets (Stock Index Futures Business)


Securities Times, Futures   Best Futures Company in China, 2020 Junding Award for Excellent Wealth Management
  Daily                     Institution, Best Service Award for Commodities Futures Industry, Best Service Award
                            for Financial Futures, Best Targeted Poverty Alleviation and Charity Award, Best Asset
                            Management Leading Award, Annual Best Investor Education Model Innovation Award,
                            Best Futures IT System Construction Award, Best Futures Derivatives Comprehensive
                            Service Innovative Award, Emerging Future Company Award for Internationalization Process,
                            Best Corporate Branding Development Award, Best Risk Management Subsidiary Service
                            Innovation Award (CITIC Securities Capital Management Co., Ltd.), Best Futures Operation
                            Branch in China (CITIC Futures Shanghai Branch Office), China Golden Futures Research
                            Institute (Research Consulting Department of CITIC Futures)


hexun.com                   The 18th China’s Financial Annual Champion Awards — 2020 Poverty Alleviation Award for
                            Futures Industry


www.caishiv.com             Excellent FOF Product Revenue Award: CITIC Wings All Weather FOF No. 1


24
China AMC
Issued by                  Name of Awards




                                                                                                                        Company Information
China Securities Journal   Golden Bull Award for Passive Investment Fund Managers
                           Three-Year Open-ended Index Continuous Excellent Golden Bull Fund: ChinaAMC SSE 50
                           Index ETF


Securities Times,          2019 Best Index Development Fund Company, Best Marketing Planning Case
  Chinafund                Best Social Commonweal Practice Case: China AMC Education Charity Program
                           2019 Best Stock ETF: ChinaAMC SSE 50 Index ETF


Securities Times           ETF Management Star Fund Company
                           Five -Year Continuous Return Absolute Return Strategy Star Fund: China AMC Return Mix


National Business Daily    ETF Most Popular Fund Company, Most Competitive Fund Company (Special Account
                           Institutional Business)
                           ETF Best Ten Top-selling Products: China AMC 5G ETF


International Financial    2020 Pioneer Securities Investment Institution
  News


Global Banking &           2020 Best Asset Management Company in China, Fastest Growing Fund Management
  Finance Review           Company in China


Finance Derivative         Best Asset Management Company China 2020


Insights & Mandate         Best RMB Fund House in Asia, Best Fund House (Market — Mainland), Best Retail House in
                           China, Best ETF Sponsor (Market — Mainland), Best Responsible Investor in China




                                                             CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   25
     Financial Summary




26
Financial Summary
Key Financial Data
Key accounting data

                                                                                                             In RMB million
                                                                                            Variance in




                                                                                                                               Financial Summary
                                                                                       comparison with
 Items                                                        2020             2019        last year (%)               2018


 Total revenue and other income                             71,869           57,080              25.91             51,061
 Operating profit                                           19,885           16,194              22.79             11,734
 Profit before income tax                                   20,470           16,995              20.45             12,466
 Net profit attributable to owners of the parent            14,902           12,229              21.86                 9,390
 Net cash inflow/(outflow) from operating activities        20,708            -4,004               N/A             57,619


                                                                                            Variance in
                                                       31 December     31 December comparison with          31 December
 Items                                                        2020             2019        last year (%)               2018


 Total assets                                             1,052,962         791,722              33.00           653,133
 Total liabilities                                         867,080          626,272              38.45           496,301
 Equity attributable to owners of the parent               181,712          161,625              12.43           153,141
 Issued share capital                                       12,927           12,117                6.68            12,117

Key financial indicators


                                                                                            Variance in
                                                                                       comparison with
 Items                                                        2020             2019        last year (%)               2018


 Basic earnings per share (RMB yuan/share)                     1.16             1.01             14.85                  0.77
 Diluted earnings per share (RMB yuan/share)                   1.16             1.01             14.85                  0.77
 Return on weighted average equity (%)                         8.43             7.76      Increased by                  6.20
                                                                                       0.67 percentage
                                                                                                  point




                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report      27
Financial Summary



                                                                                                                        Variance in
                                                                    31 December              31 December comparison with                     31 December
  Items                                                                         2020                    2019           last year (%)                    2018


  Net assets per share attributable to
      owners of the parent
      (RMB yuan/share)                                                         14.06                   13.34                     5.40                  12.64
  Gearing ratio (%) Note                                                       78.10                   75.24          Increased by                     71.75
                                                                                                                 2.86 percentage
                                                                                                                               points

Note: Gearing ratio = (total liabilities – customer brokerage deposits – funds payable to securities issuers)/(total assets – customer brokerage deposits – funds
      payable to securities issuers)


Net capital and relevant risk control indices of the parent company
                                                                                                                31 December                  31 December
  Items                                                                                                                     2020                        2019


  Net capital (RMB million)                                                                                               85,906                     94,904
  Net assets (RMB million)                                                                                              151,705                     133,558
  Total risk capital reserves (RMB million)                                                                               55,438                     47,205
  Risk coverage ratio (%)                                                                                                 154.96                     201.05
  Capital leverage ratio (%)                                                                                                14.95                      19.61
  Liquidity coverage ratio (%)                                                                                            141.83                     149.74
  Net stable funding ratio (%)                                                                                            124.15                     131.15
  Net capital/net assets (%)                                                                                                56.63                      71.06
  Net capital/liabilities (%)                                                                                               16.51                      23.35
  Net assets/liabilities (%)                                                                                                29.15                      32.86
  Value of proprietary equity securities and derivatives held/net capital (%)                                               78.54                      47.88
  Value of proprietary non-equity securities and derivatives held/net capital (%)                                         293.17                     289.28

Notes:

(1)      According to Regulations on the Calculation Standards for Risk Control Indexes of Securities Companies (Announcement of [2020] No. 10 issued by the
         CSRC), the net capital indicators as at 31 December 2019 were restated.

(2)      The risk control indices for every business of the parent company are in compliance with the relevant requirements of Administrative Measures for the
         Risk Control Indices of Securities Companies issued by the CSRC.




28
Financial Data for the Last 5 Years
Operating results

                                                                                                           In RMB million




                                                                                                                            Financial Summary
 Items                                               2020          2019            2018            2017              2016


 Total revenue and other income                     71,869        57,080         51,061          56,960          50,067
 Operating expenses                                 51,984       40,886          39,327          41,390          36,154
 Share of profits and losses of
   associates and joint ventures                      585           801             732             604               350
 Profit before income tax                           20,470       16,995          12,466          16,174          14,263
 Net profit attributable to owners of
   the parent                                       14,902       12,229           9,390          11,433          10,365

Financial position
                                                                                                           In RMB million


                                               31 December   31 December   31 December     31 December     31 December
 Items                                                2020         2019            2018            2017              2016


 Issued share capital                               12,927        12,117         12,117          12,117          12,117
 Total equity                                      185,882      165,450         156,832        153,143         145,789
 Equity attributable to owners of the parent       181,712      161,625         153,141        149,799         142,696
 Total liabilities                                 867,080      626,272         496,301        472,432         451,650
 Customer brokerage deposits Note 1                203,111      123,351          97,774          99,855        134,398
 Funds payable to securities issuers                 1,071          273             148              61               134
 Total assets                                    1,052,962      791,722         653,133        625,575         597,439




                                                               CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     29
Financial Summary



Key financial indicators
  Items                                                                   2020                   2019              2018                 2017                   2016


  Dividends per share (RMB yuan/share)                                     0.40                   0.50              0.35                 0.40                  0.35
  Basic earnings per share
       (RMB yuan/share)                                                    1.16                   1.01              0.77                 0.94                  0.86
  Diluted earnings per share
       (RMB yuan/share)                                                    1.16                   1.01              0.77                 0.94                  0.86
  Return on weighted average equity (%)                                    8.43                   7.76              6.20                 7.82                  7.36
  Gearing ratio (%) Note 2                                               78.10                75.24               71.75                70.87                  68.51

Notes:

(1)       Customer brokerage deposits above represent the amount received from and repayable to clients arising from the normal courses of the Group’s
          securities brokerage business. The fund is restricted and governed by the relevant third-party deposit institutions.

(2)       Gearing ratio = (total liabilities – customer brokerage deposits – funds payable to securities issuers)/(total assets – customer brokerage deposits – funds
          payable to securities issuers)




       Total revenue and other income                        Net profit attributable to                            Total assets
       In RMB100 million                                     owners of the parent                                  In RMB100 million
                                                             In RMB100 million
                                              718.69
                                                                                                                                                           10,529.62
                 569.60             570.80                                                          149.02
      500.67               510.61                                                                                                               7,917.22
                                                                      114.33             122.29
                                                             103.65
                                                                                 93.90                            5,974.39 6,255.75 6,531.33




       2016       2017      2018     2019      2020           2016     2017      2018     2019       2020           2016      2017      2018     2019        2020



       Equity attributable to                                Return on weighted average equity                     Gearing ratio
       owners of the parent
       In RMB100 million
                                                                                                                                                75.24%     78.10%
                                              1,817.12                                                             68.51%    70.87%    71.75%
                                                                                                    8.43%
                                   1,616.25                            7.82%             7.76%
      1,426.96   1,497.99 1,531.41                           7.36%
                                                                                 6.20%




       2016       2017      2018     2019      2020           2016     2017      2018     2019       2020           2016      2017      2018     2019        2020




30
Management Discussion and Analysis
Corporate Strategy and Long-term Operation Model
Landscape and trend of the industry
Changes in the industry regulatory environment
The 14th Five-Year Plan period will be a critical period during which China’s capital market will be built into a regulated,
transparent and open one full of vigor and resilience and China’s securities industry will realize high-quality development.
During the 14th Five-Year Plan period, the capital market and the regulation of securities industry will stick to the mindset of
“Building systems, Non-intervention, and Zero tolerance”




                                                                                                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis
“Building systems” means to accelerate the development of the basic systems of the capital market to form a more mature
and complete system. The supporting systems of the Securities Law will continue to be introduced during the 14th Five-
Year Plan period. The comprehensive and three-dimensional accountability mechanisms, such as criminal accountability
and civil compensation, are expected to be improved at a faster pace. “Twelve Rules for Deepening Reform” highlighted
the strategic significance of improving the quality of listed companies. The basic systems of the capital market, including
issuance, listing, trading, information disclosure, reduction of shareholdings and delisting, are expected to undergo
systematic reform.


“Non-intervention” means to build a sound and predictable mechanism for the capital market and vigorously advancing
the reforms of “streamline the government, delegate power, and improve government services” which is an important way
to ensure the normal functioning of the market, stabilize market expectations and enhance market vitality. In the field of
innovative business, it is expected to expand the regulatory mode of negative list and no-objection letter, so as to promote
the industry institutions to become better and stronger.


“Zero tolerance” means to severely crack down on illegal and criminal acts in the capital market, which is an important
guarantee for strengthening regulation and deterrence and purifying the market ecology. The legal system for regulating
illegal and criminal acts in the capital market has been increasingly improved, the identification of such malignant illegal and
criminal acts as fraudulent issuance, financial fraud, insider trading and market manipulation has become clearer, and the
responsibilities of intermediaries have also become clearer. It is expected to continuously increase the cost of illegal and
criminal acts, promote the establishment of an organic system in which administrative law enforcement, civil recovery and
criminal punishment are interlinked and mutually supportive, and ensure the implementation of the class action system in the
securities industry.


During the 14th Five-Year Plan period, the regulatory environment will play an important role in the reform of capital
market and securities industry by supporting the best and limiting the worst. For the securities industry, the cost of non-
compliance management and the premium of compliance management will increase significantly, and the competition in the
industry will also accelerate at a high speed. In this context, on the one hand, the Company needs to grasp the historical
opportunity of accelerating reform and two-way opening of the capital market, promote the transformation and upgrading
of the business model, and enhance the domestic and international competitiveness; on the other hand, the compliance
management should be placed in a more prominent position and the concept of creating value through compliance should
be implemented.




                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report      31
Management Discussion and Analysis



Securities industry will face more sufficient competition
Cross-industry, cross-field and all-round competition are new features of the current securities business competition. With
the entry of many powerful rivals such as foreign-invested securities firms, commercial banks, and Internet companies, the
securities industry is expected to form a competitive landscape of centralized top players with differentiated development
niches.


First of all, the businesses are concentrated to top players, who remain strong. In light of the innovative business, the
top brokers gradually formed a centralized market landscape by relying on capital advantages, platform advantages and
service capabilities, and further improved the service level and customer acquisition capabilities of traditional businesses by
leveraging the market reputation and new services brought by innovative business. The trend of increasing strength among
the strong players in the securities industry has become more apparent, but the competition among top securities firms has
also intensified.


Secondly, featured brokers make their debut against the backdrop of differentiated development. In the future, with the
decreased profitability of traditional channel business and increased market concentration of innovative business, small
and medium-sized brokers must achieve differentiated development under the fierce market competition. The domestic
securities industry may form a competitive pattern under which multiple types of financial institutions, including large
comprehensive brokers, regional brokers, boutique investment banks, Internet brokers and investment advisory institutions,
compete with each other on the same stage.


Thirdly, the core strength of the securities industry still lies in technology, talents and capital. Technology is reshaping the
traditional financial service ecosystem, and it is time for securities companies to promote business innovation by leveraging
financial technology. Talents are the core elements driving the development of securities companies, and competition for
recruiting talents will be white-hot. The development of capital-type business has put forward higher requirements for the
capital of securities companies, thus the securities industry has stepped into a new cycle of capital increase and expansion.


Development strategy of the Company
The development vision and goal of the Company is to become a domestically leading and internationally first-class
Chinese investment bank most trusted by clients around the world. It strives to maintain the leading position in China
and amongst the top in Asia-Pacific region for its principal businesses, while fully optimizing and enhancing its business
layout, management structure, operation mechanism and appraisal system. Through benchmarking with world-class
investment banks, the Company will continue to address its shortcomings and aim to outperform them by pursuing business
diversification, broader customer base and higher competitiveness in the international market.


Business plan for 2021
In 2021, the Company will follow the guidance of XI Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics, thoroughly
learn and implement the guidelines at the Fifth Plenary Session of the 19th Central Committee of the CPC, summarize its
valuable experience in implementing national strategy and serving the real economy over the past 25 years, expand market
exploration with constant efforts, and improve its ability to serve customers to promote the high-quality and sustainable
development of the Company. Priority works include: taking the opportunity of capital market deep reform and the historical
opportunity of comprehensive implementation of the registration-based initial public offering mechanism and increasing the
proportion of direct financing to expand the scale of financing business, thus giving full play to the advantages of financing
business to support real economy; making more efforts in developing customers in new economic sectors, promoting the




32
transformation of existing customers from traditional industries to new economic sectors, improving the business layout
in such key regions as the Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei Region, Yangtze River Delta region, Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao
Greater Bay Area, Yangtze River economic belt and Hainan Free Trade Port, deeply participating in the regional strategy
of China and solidly promoting regional market development; strengthening technological empowerment and construction
of a globalized information system based on new-generation technologies, such as big data, cloud computing, artificial
intelligence, blockchain and 5G; and improving internal control system construction, regulating internal control activities from
such aspects as organizational structure, division of responsibilities, collaboration and working methods and procedures,
and firmly sticking to the bottom line of financial risks.




                                                                                                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis
Please refer to “Business Overview” in this report.


Capital requirement
In 2020, the Company conducted all businesses in an orderly manner. The businesses including fixed income and margin
financing are all capital intensive and have high capital requirements. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of
the Group’s short-term and long-term loans, debt instruments issued, short-term financing instruments payable and non-
current liabilities due within one year amounted to RMB189.8 billion. The Company will strengthen its unified management of
domestic and overseas capitals, continue to improve its overall capital allocation efficiency and keep exploring new financing
products and models to ensure the satisfaction of capital requirement in business development.


Possible risks exposure
The current world economy is still in the recovery period after the pandemic and the situation is still complex and severe,
with an unstable and unbalanced recovery. Various risks arising from the impact of the pandemic cannot be ignored. There
are still challenges in balancing short-term economic recovery and long-term structural optimization. Against the backdrop
of changing external environment, the growth in scale of credit derivatives, bulk commodities, foreign exchange and other
new businesses will increase market risks correspondingly. Financing business and fixed income product investment are
exposed to changes in credit risk and counterparty risk. Therefore, the Company should, in its steady operation, ensure
risks are detectable and controllable amid business expansion.


Please refer to “Material Risk Factors” in this report. Please refer to “Risk Management” in this report for overall risk
management, compliance and risk control and IT input.


The impact of COVID-19 pandemic on the Company
The COVID-19 pandemic did not have a material adverse impact on the finances and operations of the Company.


With regard to credit risk, the hit of COVID-19 pandemic on some industries and certain customers existed objectively, while
the overall impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on domestic customers was not significant due to the effective epidemic
prevention and control measures in place in China. The customers served by the Company are mainly Chinese enterprises,
so the credit risk was generally controllable and is not expected to have a material impact on the Company in the future.


With regard to market risk, as a result of the impact of repeated epidemic, the productivity and global economy weakened
with intensified geopolitical conflicts, frequent policy changes and increased market volatility. The flow-based business
remained directionally neutral, on which the market volatility had less adverse directional impact. Directional investments
were cautiously made and dynamically adjusted, meanwhile, certain risk diversification effect across asset types existed. The
overall impact was not significant, and the risk was controllable.



                                                                     CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     33
Management Discussion and Analysis



With regard to operational risk, there was a time during the epidemic when employees worked on-site and at home
simultaneously, which brought certain challenges to the implementation of business processes and the use of systems. The
Company has established a series of management mechanisms on business continuity such as the key post preparation
system, and through measures like continuous optimization of processes and improvement of system access methods, the
Company has ensured that no major operational risk events have occurred due to the epidemic, and the operational risk
was generally under control. If the epidemic intensifies again in the future, we cannot rule out the possibility of further impact
on the Company’s operational risk, resulting in an increase in the frequency or (and) impact of operational risk events.


With regard to liquidity risk, under the environment of the COVID-19 pandemic, the global central banks and governments
have introduced a series of policies to strongly support the stability of financial markets and banking system liquidity.
The domestic and overseas liquidity of the Company is less affected by the epidemic. Subsequently, with the gradual
improvement of the COVID-19 pandemic and the stabilization of the market environment, the impact on the Company is
expected to be insignificant.


Please refer to “Risk Management” in this report for the risk factors, liquidity position and the corresponding measures taken
by the Company.


Business Overview
Analysis of principal businesses
The investment banking business of the Group consists of equity financing, debt financing and asset-backed securitization
as well as financial advisory services. The Group provides fund raising and financial advisory services to a wide range of
enterprises and other institutional clients in China and globally.


The wealth management business of the Group is mainly engaged in broking of securities and futures, and distribution of
financial products.


The institutional stock brokerage business of the Group provides domestic and overseas professional institutional investors
client bases with various professional value-added services, including marketing research, transaction execution, equity
financing and trading projects recommendation for their investments and trading, in Chinese stock markets and Asia-Pacific,
American and other overseas stock markets.


The financial market business of the Group is primarily engaged in trading and market-making of equity products, fixed
income products and derivatives, foreign exchange business, margin financing and securities lending business, alternative
investment and bulk commodity business.


The Group provides asset management services and products to clients in China and globally. The Group has been
engaged in asset management businesses including collective asset management (“CAM”), separately managed account
(“SMA”) and specialized asset management (“SAM”), fund management and other investment accounts management.


The investment business of the Group mainly comprises alternative investment and private equity investment.


The Group provides services such as custody and research.




34
Investment banking
Equity financing
Market conditions
In 2020, with the advancement of registration-based system reform on the STAR Market and ChiNext, the offering size
of A-share IPO increased significantly, with a total of 395 enterprises completing the IPO process and listed on the SSE
and SZSE, representing a year-on-year increase of 94.58%. The total offering size amounted to RMB468,630 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of 85.05%. After the revision of the Administrative Measures for the Issuance of
Securities by Listed Companies, the structure of refinancing products changed. The total issuance size of private placement




                                                                                                                              Management Discussion and Analysis
(for cash) projects amounted to RMB473,990 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 223.69%; and the total
issuance size of convertible bonds amounted to RMB246,681 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 0.44%.


In 2020, A-share equity underwriting (for cash) amounted to RMB1,307,901 million, representing a year-on-year increase
of 29.76%; A-share equity underwriting (including private placements for asset transactions) amounted to RMB1,655,511
million, representing a year-on-year increase of 7.41%. The market share of the top ten securities companies in A-share
equity underwriting (for cash) amounted to 67.95%, indicating a high level of concentration.


In 2020, Hong Kong IPO underwriting amounted to US$51,623 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 27.94%;
underwriting in Hong Kong refinancing market amounted to US$47,844 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
161.87%. Calculated on the basis of the underwriting amount distributed evenly among all underwriters, the market share of
top ten investment banks in Hong Kong equity financing market totalled 63.06%.


Actions and achievements
In 2020, in respect of domestic equity financing, the Company expanded the coverage of clients seeking IPO on the STAR
Market and ChiNext with the advancement of the registration-based system reform. The underwriting scale of IPO projects
completed during the year accounted for 9.3% of the market share. After the revision of the Administrative Measures for the
Issuance of Securities by Listed Companies, the Company focused on layout in private placement business. The Company
completed 52 private placement (for cash) projects with an issuance size of RMB83,101 million in aggregate, accounting for
a market share of 17.53%. The Company completed 15 private placement (for asset transactions) projects with an issuance
size of RMB108,484 million in aggregate, accounting for a market share of 31.21%. Meanwhile, the Company actively
explored business opportunities in the convertible bonds and preference shares issuance and continued to strengthen
quality management and risk control for the whole process of equity financing projects, so as to reinforce and enhance its
comprehensive competitive strength.




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   35
Management Discussion and Analysis



In 2020, the Company completed a total of 158 A-share lead underwriting projects with an aggregate lead underwriting
amount of RMB313,599 million (including private placements for asset transactions), representing a year-on-year increase
of 12.08%, accounting for a market share of 18.94% and ranking the first in the market. Among them, 39 were IPO
projects, with an aggregate lead underwriting amount of RMB43,585 million; 119 were refinancing issuance projects, with an
aggregate lead underwriting amount of RMB270,014 million.


                                                                                          2020                                    2019
                                                                                    Lead                                     Lead
                                                                         Underwriting            Number of          Underwriting           Number of
                                                                                Amount            Issuances               Amount            Issuances
 Projects                                                                (RMB million)                             (RMB million)


 IPOs                                                                             43,585                    39             45,133                    28
 Re-financing issuances                                                          270,014                   119           234,670                     53


 Total                                                                           313,599                   158           279,803                     81

Source: Wind Info and the Company’s internal statistics

Note 1: When compiling the above table, the date of completion of an IPO, a public equity issuance, an issuance of convertible bonds/exchangeable bonds, a
        private placement, a rights issue and an issuance of preference shares is the listing date.

Note 2: In the event that the amount undertaken by respective underwriter is not specified, the underwriting amount of joint-lead underwriting projects is
        calculated by dividing the total project size by the number of lead underwriters.



In 2020, in respect of overseas equity financing, the Company further strengthened domestic and overseas integrated
management, and continued to focus on layouts in new economic industries including Internet, consumption, healthcare
and pharmaceutical. Calculated based on the bookrunner role, the Company completed a total of 54 overseas equity
projects with an underwriting amount of US$5,247 million in aggregate. Among them, 24 were IPO projects in the Hong
Kong market with an aggregate underwriting amount of US$3,060 million, and 9 were refinancing projects with an aggregate
underwriting amount of US$1,067 million, and ranking the second among Chinese securities companies in respect of equity
financing business in the Hong Kong market. Meanwhile, the Company completed 21 equity financing projects in U.S.,
Europe, Australia and Southeast Asia and other overseas markets, with an aggregate underwriting amount of US$1,120
million.


Outlook for 2021
In 2021, the Company will further expand its coverage of domestic and overseas clients, increase projects in stock,
strengthen the research on emerging industries, important clients and innovative products, actively optimize its business
structure according to market development and client needs, obtain key transactions from important clients and further
enhance its influence in global market. The Company will act closely in line with policy changes and continue to develop the
layout for the businesses in relation to the comprehensive and steady advancement of the registration-based system, the
transfer from the NEEQ to the Main Board, the Shanghai-London Stock Connect, the Shenzhen-London Stock Connect and
cross-border secondary listings and other businesses. The Company will provide clients with integrated investment banking
services by strengthening the abilities in equity underwriting and leveraging its platform strength.




36
Debt and asset-backed securitization
Market conditions
In domestic market, due to the impact of COVID-19 pandemic, the monetary policy in China remained loose and market
liquidity was generally sufficient in 2020 resulting in a significant increase in the size of financing in the bond market. The
aggregate issuance size of bonds amounted to RMB56.89 trillion during the year, representing a year-on-year increase of
25.89%; and net financing amount reached RMB17.32 trillion, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB5.83 trillion.
The aggregate issuance size of credit bonds (excluding interbank certificates of deposit) amounted to RMB19.09 trillion,
representing a year-on-year increase of 28.49%. The issuance size of treasury bonds and local government bonds grew at




                                                                                                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis
a relatively high rate due to fiscal policies. The issuance size of non-financial corporate bonds maintained a relatively rapid
growth. The issuance size of capital bonds of financial institutions was relatively large. The asset-backed securitization
market remained active, with the accelerated issuance size of securitization products on exchanges, and the size of
interbank credit asset-backed securitization market shrank.


In overseas market, the COVID-19 pandemic strained the US dollar liquidity and posted significant fluctuations in overseas
bond market. According to Bloomberg statistics, Chinese enterprises issued a total of 521 USD-denominated bonds with a
total financing size of US$211,439 million in 2020.




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report      37
Management Discussion and Analysis



Actions and achievements
In 2020, the Company maintained its leadership in the debt financing business with a total underwriting amount of
RMB1,298,944 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 27.78%. The Company contributed 12.93% of the total
underwriting amount of securities companies, ranking first among securities companies, and 5.16% of the total underwriting
amount of underwriting institutions including commercial banks, ranking fifth in the market. The Company underwrote 2,989
projects, ranking first among securities companies.


                                                                         2020                             2019
                                                                     Lead                             Lead
                                                            Underwriting        Number of      Underwriting      Number of
                                                                  Amount        Issuances           Amount        Issuances
 Projects                                                  (RMB million)                      (RMB million)


 Enterprise bonds                                                  43,009               54          33,861               44
 Corporate bonds                                                  282,153              483         211,414              325
 Financial bonds                                                  327,047              158         269,681              143
 Medium-term notes                                                 57,360               88          44,907               54
 Short-term commercial papers                                      12,172               30          12,732               21
 Private placement notes                                           21,700               50          14,287               27
 Asset-backed securities                                          314,660              874         247,171              597
 Convertible bonds/exchangeable
     bonds                                                         56,144               48          99,053               27
 Local government bonds                                           184,699            1,204          83,480              809


 Total                                                          1,298,944            2,989       1,016,586            2,047

Source: Wind Info and the Company’s internal statistics


In respect of USD-denominated bonds issued by Chinese enterprises in overseas market, the Company completed a total
of 93 projects with a total underwriting amount of US$3,819 million, representing a market share of 2.02%, ranking the
fourth among Chinese securities companies. In addition to the bond underwriting, the Company provided customers with
structured and leveraged financing, risk solutions and other diversified services.


Outlook for 2021
In 2021, there are both opportunities and challenges for the debt financing business. The bond market will continue to
reform, open up and innovate, which will bring new business opportunities; the further exposure of corporate default risks
and the strengthening of the responsibilities of intermediaries also put forward higher requirements and challenges for bond
underwriting business. The Company will actively seize market opportunities, integrate resources, continue to expand the
customer market, increase the Company’s market share, and vigorously strengthen due diligence, risk management and
quality control to reduce project risks. In terms of business strategy, the Company will put efforts in the following aspects:
first, the Company will consolidate its leading advantages in debt financing business, and keep increasing investment in
bond business with non-financial enterprises, to provide customers with comprehensive services and financial solution
packages; second, the Company will strengthen efforts to explore bond financing opportunities from local enterprises and
regional customers to overcome its weakness in regional business and build its regional advantages and competitiveness;
third, the Company will vigorously promote the new business in relation to publicly-offered infrastructure REITs projects;




38
fourth, the Company will fully implement the strategy of integrating domestic and overseas businesses, strengthen customer
and business coordination of domestic and overseas businesses, and vigorously expand in the USD bond (issued by
Chinese enterprises) market, to improve its underwriting capacity and market share of overseas bond business.


Financial advisory services
Market conditions
According to Dealogic, in 2020, the total value of global merger and acquisition transactions announced reached US$3.59
trillion and the number of transactions amounted to 32,513. On a sector basis, the electronics and computer sector was the




                                                                                                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis
most active with the value of merger and acquisition transactions announced in 2020 amounting to US$808 billion, which
accounted for 22.50% of the total value of merger and acquisition transactions announced; the medical and healthcare
sector followed with the value of merger and acquisition transactions announced in 2020 amounting to US$386.9 billion,
accounting for 10.77% of the total value of merger and acquisition transactions announced.


In 2020, the number of announced merger and acquisition transactions in the market involving Chinese enterprises was
5,169, with a transaction size of US$598.0 billion, of which, 604 were cross-border transactions, with a transaction size of
US$63.4 billion.


Actions and achievements
In 2020, the value of material assets restructuring transactions in A-share market completed by the Company amounted to
RMB277.7 billion, with a market share of 43.47%, ranking the first in the industry. The Company closely followed market and
policy trends, enhanced the coverage of full products in mergers and acquisitions and completed a number of large merger
and acquisition and restructuring transactions in fields of market-oriented debt-to-equity swaps and internal restructuring
of central SOEs, including the market-oriented debt-to-equity swaps of CSSC, material assets restructuring of FAW Car,
joint capital increase in a joint venture by CMSK and Qianhai Investment Holding, and material asset restructuring of China
Shipbuilding Industry Group Power Co., Ltd., which continuously consolidated and improved the Company’s market
position and competitiveness in the merger and acquisition market.


In 2020, the value of global merger and acquisition transactions involving Chinese enterprises completed by the Company
amounted to US$159.4 billion, ranking second in the industry. The Company continued to improve its overseas business
network layout and actively carried out cross-border merger and acquisition business. The Company assisted Wumei Group
in acquiring the business of Metro China, which strengthened the integration of online and offline businesses of the two
parties. The Company assisted Huaneng Renewables in its privatization and delisting from the Hong Kong Stock Exchange,
which was the largest privatization transaction of a central SOE in the history of Hong Kong stock market, laying the
foundation for the business integration of China Huaneng and Huaneng Renewables. The Company assisted ENN Natural
Gas Co., Ltd. in acquiring ENN Energy, a company listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, helping it to become a leading
enterprise in terms of the integration of upstream and downstream innovative clean energy businesses.


Outlook for 2021
In 2021, the Company will, under the customer-oriented principle, keep close track of policy trends, continue to consolidate
its market share, actively formulate plans in relation to merger and acquisition and restructuring of large enterprises, spin-
off and listing, mixed ownership reform of state-owned enterprises, debt restructuring, bankruptcy and reorganization of
enterprises, etc., and keep improving its ability to provide integrated merger and acquisition services. The Company will
also continue to deepen domestic and overseas collaboration and leverage its global network resources to strengthen
the development of businesses including cross-border merger and acquisition, merger and acquisition financing and
privatization of overseas-listed companies, so as to increase its global business coverage and market competitiveness.




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     39
Management Discussion and Analysis



The business of New OTC Market
Market conditions
In 2020, with the commencement of the review of applications for public offerings and listings on the New OTC Market
Select, the reform of New OTC Market launched smoothly, bringing about a rebound of various functional market indicators
and gradually achieving positive impacts. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the number of companies listed on the
New OTC Market amounted to 8,187, with total issued shares of 533,528 million and a total market capitalization of
RMB2,654,231 million. In 2020, the total trading volume of the New OTC Market amounted to RMB129,464 million, and the
total proceeds raised from the issuance of shares amounted to RMB33,850 million. As at the end of the Reporting Period,
the NEEQ component index closed at 1,010.77, representing an increase of 8.83% as compared to the end of 2019; and the
NEEQ market-making component index closed at 1,073.18, representing an increase of 17.32% as compared to the end of
2019.


Actions and achievements
In 2020, the Company continued to operate the business of New OTC Market on the basis of expanding the customer
coverage and centred on value identification and realization. While actively developing the public offering business of the
New OTC Market Select, continuously optimizing the market-making and position structures and enhancing the coverage of
high-quality enterprises, it placed great emphasis on quality control and effectively controlled business risks.


As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company, as the lead broker on New OTC Market, conducted continuous
supervision over a total of 25 listed companies, among which, 15 companies entered the Innovation layer or the Select
layer; and the Company, as the sponsoring broker, had applied for the public offering and listing on the New OTC Market on
behalf of five companies, among which, two companies had listed and commenced trading on the Select layer. In 2020, the
Company provided market-making services for 51 listed companies, among which, 31 companies entered the Innovation
layer or the Select layer.


Outlook for 2021
In 2021, the Company will, according to the progress of deepened reform of the New OTC Market, continuously improve the
business management system and market development system centred on value identification and realization, to drive the
development of other relevant businesses and provide customers with quality integrated services in the New OTC Market;
and will select high quality enterprises, and deepen the exploration of enterprise value, so as to create good returns.


Wealth management
Market conditions
In 2020, the overall market trading of the domestic securities market increased significantly as compared with 2019, with
SSE Composite Index rising by 13.87%, SSE SME Composite Index rising by 31.55% and ChiNext Composite Index rising
by 47.85%.


Actions and achievements
In 2020, the Company stuck to brokerage business as its primary business, intensified the development of wealth
management, enriched the wealth management products and services system, strengthened the core wealth allocation
capability and vigorously cultivated high-quality professional talents. The Company implemented its development
requirements of the global integration in wealth management business, integrated its overseas retail and wealth
management, so as to provide customers with all domestic and overseas products and services.




40
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the number of customers exceeded 10.9 million and customer assets under custody
in aggregate amounted to RMB8.5 trillion. The Company had more than 126,000 wealth management customers with
assets under management amounting to RMB1.5 trillion, of which 27,000 are high-net-worth customers with assets of over
RMB6 million (with total assets under management amounting to RMB1.3 trillion), and 13,000 customers signed up for
wealth management accounts, with assets under management amounting to more than RMB170 billion. In 2020, the total
trading volume of securities and funds handled by the Company, CITIC Securities (Shandong) and CITIC Securities South
China on behalf of customers amounted to RMB28.6 trillion, with a 10.92% market share of southbound trading under
the Stock Connect, and the distribution of financial products amounted to RMB944.7 billion. The AUM of public funds and




                                                                                                                                Management Discussion and Analysis
private funds exceeded RMB300 billion, and the scale of wealth allocation investment business exceeded RMB10 billion,
with the number of registered investment advisors remaining the first in the industry.


Outlook for 2021
In 2021, the Company will continue to fully implement its customer-centred business philosophy and business objective of
helping customers achieve asset preservation and enhancement, deepen the transformation and development of wealth
management business, enhance asset allocation service capability, promote the stable growth of wealth customers and their
asset scale, optimize the business revenue structure, further increase the proportion of wealth management revenue, and
expand the influence of the wealth management brand; gradually establish a comprehensive wealth management platform
to provide global asset allocation and trading services for domestic and overseas high-net-worth customers and better meet
customers’ needs for preservation, enhancement and inheritance of their assets; maintain and expand the leading edge of
brokerage business in terms of revenue while sticking to brokerage business as its primary business; explore the building
of digital operation service system, promote the transformation of traditional marketing models to new models of content
marketing and digital intelligent marketing, improve the efficiency of customer acquisition and retention, and increase the
size of customer market; build a professional team and enhance professional ability to better support the full implementation
of the Company’s comprehensive financial services in all regions, so as to give full play to the Company’s advantages in
comprehensive financial services, promote the vigorous development of wealth management and achieve professional value.


Institutional stock brokerage
Market conditions (please refer to “Wealth management” in this report)
Actions and achievements
The stock brokerage business for domestic institutions mainly covered domestic and overseas professional institutional
investors such as public funds, insurance companies, private funds, wealth management subsidiaries of banks, QFII,
RQFII and WFOE. In 2020, the Company maintained its overall leadership in domestic institutional brokerage business. In
particular, the Company ranked first regarding the compartment commission received from public funds in the first half of
2020; the number of trading clients of QFII/RQFII increased to 219; the coverage of key private funds increased to 80%;
and the Company won 15 bids in total for broker settlement mode business implemented among key wealth management
subsidiaries of banks.


In 2020, the Company posted steady development of stock brokerage business for overseas institutions, showing steadily
increasing results year on year, implemented integrated global vertical management and opened up cross-border sale
and trading channels in China. Centred on stock products in the Asia-Pacific market, the Company provided trading and
research services for institutional customers in the world via its branches in 13 countries and regions. Besides, based
on traditional brokerage business, the Company stepped up development of cross-sale and programmatic electronic
transaction business, with a top-ranking market share in the Asia-Pacific region.




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report    41
Management Discussion and Analysis



Outlook for 2021
In 2021, relying on domestic and overseas business advantages and customer resources, the Company will continuously
promote the integration and expansion of stock brokerage business for global institutions. In respect of stock brokerage
business for domestic institutions, the Company will continue to explore traditional customer market, expand effective
customer coverage, develop new customers and improve customers’ satisfaction. Centred on customers, the Company will
actively coordinate the connection of its various business products and resources, provide customers with comprehensive
financial services, and deepen and expand customer business cooperation.


Financial market
Market conditions
In 2020, the stock market maintained its upward trend throughout the year despite the impact of COVID-19. In particular,
leaders of various industries achieved significant growth, leading to excellent performance of institutional investors
represented by public funds. The CSI Free Float Index rose by 25% throughout the year and the CSI Equity Fund Index
rose by 45% throughout the year. The annual trading volume of Shanghai and Shenzhen stock markets rose by over 60%
year on year. From generally enlarged market structure to continuously differentiated market structure, leaders of various
industries showed continuous excellent performance, with a significant growth in the health care, consumption and new
energy industries in particular.


In 2020, major overseas markets also underwent drastic fluctuation, seeing a rebound in major stock indexes after a
sharp decline, and accelerated growth in general against the backdrop of deepening fiscal and monetary stimulus of
all governments. The S&P 500 Index rose by 16%, and Nasdaq 100 Index which has a higher proportion of technology
stocks rose by 48%. The European and Hong Kong markets showed a relatively weak performance, with the European
STOXX600 Index declining by 4% and Hang Seng Index declining by 3%. However, such structural differentiation is often
caused by industry distribution, and the Hang Seng TECH Index rose by 79% throughout the year.


In 2020, the bond market showed a decline after rising, and relatively stable performance in the second half of the year, with
ChinaBond Composite Wealth Index rising by 3%. National bonds witnessed range-bound fluctuations in medium and long-
term key-duration interest rates and the short-end interest rate rose after a decline, with relatively loose interbank liquidity.
There were more shocking credit events in the second half of 2020, intensifying the divergence of debenture market.


Actions and achievements
In respect of the equity derivatives business, in 2020, the Company continued to develop its OTC derivatives business
and OTC products, with its market-making business continuously taking the lead on the market. The Company continued
to develop and innovate its overseas equity derivative transactions, and offered customers cross-time-zone derivative
transaction services in the global market.


In respect of the fixed income business, the Company made good use of its customer resources and enhanced its
comprehensive capabilities for product design and customer service to provide customers with rich fixed income products
and service and constantly enrich the profit model. In 2020, the Company ranked the first in the industry in terms of the
sales of interest rate products.


In line with the development trend of capital market innovation and reform, industry scale, digitalization and
internationalization, the Company actively deployed its domestic and international securities financing and lending business,
strengthened delicacy management on various types of customer groups and deepened its product services.



42
In respect of the bulk commodity business, the Company implemented the concept of finance serving the real economy,
strengthened the profitability and expanded customer coverage, strictly controlled risks and seized opportunities in the
highly volatile global market, in order to offer customized and professional financial services related to bulk commodities to a
wide range of domestic and foreign industry and institutional clients.


With respect to the stock proprietary business, the Company continued to deepen its understanding of the leading
companies in various industries. Meanwhile, the Company continued to focus on controlling tail risks and flexibly used equity
index derivatives, maintaining a steady performance on the whole. The Company achieved initial results in the exploration




                                                                                                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis
and practice of quantitative analysis and diversified strategies, laying a foundation for further reducing the dependence of
performance on market movements in a single direction in the future.


In respect of the alternative investment business, the Company actively responded to market changes brought by the
pandemic and made remarkable results in many aspects, including AUM and use efficiency, research and development of
new strategies and cross-business collaboration.


Outlook for 2021
In respect of the equity derivatives business, the Company will continue to improve products supply and trading services,
with meeting clients’ needs as our core values, so as to enhance capabilities in offering comprehensive solution service,
focus on building an international comprehensive business platform for stock derivatives to provide domestic and overseas
customers with multi-market, 24-hour and one-stop investment transaction services and comprehensive solutions.


Regarding the fixed income business, the Company will further explore customer market, expand and deepen customer
coverage, and provide customers with diverse products and transaction services to meet customer demands. The Company
will also continue to develop cross-border business to promote the joint development of its domestic and overseas
business.


In respect of securities financing and lending business, the Company will continue to improve its “customer-oriented”
product supply and customer service ecosystems to meet retail customers’ demand for investment, financing and
wealth management, the Company will also provide one-stop investment and financing services and product solutions to
investment and financing business for professional institutions, enterprises and listed companies.


In respect of the bulk commodity business, the Company will continue to expand its customer market coverage, which will
become an important link for the Company to provide comprehensive financial service chain related to diverse assets. At the
same time, it will make continuous efforts to provide more in-depth services, enrich product design, and provide channels of
risk hedging and transfer for domestic and overseas customers.


In respect of the stock proprietary business, the Company will continue to optimize investment research system, continue to
explore the development of a multi-strategy investment system, and improve capital utilization capabilities.


In respect of alternative investment business, the Company will keep expediting the research & development of new
strategies, accelerate its international business layout to enrich its income resources.




                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report      43
Management Discussion and Analysis



Asset management
Market conditions
In 2020, to ensure the steady transformation of asset management industry under the impact of COVID-19 on global
economic development, regulatory agencies extended the transitional period before the implementation of the New
Regulations on Asset Management to the end of 2021 to relieve the pressure of rectification on asset management
institutions and provide a better environment and conditions for asset management institutions to further improve its
business model and product innovation capability. At this stage, the transformation of asset management industry has
entered into a key stage, with the basic formation of regulatory framework of various subsectors and gradual formation of
misplacing competition pattern caused by the differences in the resource endowment of such subsectors. In the future,
asset management institutions should continue to stick to the core position of active management, keep consolidating asset
allocation, strategy development, product management and risk control capability, improve customer service experience and
explore characteristic and differentiated asset management businesses.


Asset management business of the Company
Actions and achievements
In 2020, given the industry transformation and development environment of the replacement of the old business model with
the new one, the Company pursued a multi-pronged strategy in asset management business to focus on the development
of long-term funds, net worth products and right-containing products, having achieved a good result, with a certain
degree of optimization of customer and capital structure. Under the continuous guidance of “increasing the assets under
active management, developing equity products and serving the real economy”, the Company improved its professional
level in investment research, perfected the buyer’s investment research system, vigorously developed corporate annuity,
occupational annuity and other pension businesses, advanced the transformation of publicly-offered collective investment
schemes in an orderly manner, actively promoted transformation of active management business by banks, and had made
many breakthroughs in private banking business.


As at the end of the Reporting Period, the AUM of the Company amounted to RMB1,366,401 million, of which, the size
of CAM, SMA and SAM amounted to RMB260,124 million, RMB1,106,168 million and RMB109 million, respectively. In
particular, the assets under active management amounted to RMB1,052,645 million. The market share of the privately-
offered asset management business as defined under the New Regulations on Asset Management (excluding pension
businesses, publicly-offered collective investment schemes and asset-backed securitization products) of the Company was
approximately 13.50%, ranking the first in the industry.


                                                                            AUM                                  Management fees
                                                                      (RMB million)                                 (RMB million)
 Type                                                                  2020                   2019                   2020                   2019


 CAM                                                               260,124                129,174               1,229.05                 497.34
 SMA                                                             1,106,168              1,265,213               1,128.36               1,093.72
 SAM                                                                     109                    371                 50.47                  27.58


 Total                                                           1,366,401              1,394,758               2,407.88               1,618.64

Source: The Company’s internal statistics

Note: The CAM included publicly-offered collective investment scheme and excluded pension products; the SMA included pension businesses; and the SAM
      excluded asset-backed securitization products.



44
Outlook for 2021
In 2021, in respect of asset management business, the Company will continue to undertake the mission of serving the real
economy, allocating funds to the most effective enterprises and realizing the long-term steady appreciation of customer
assets. Following the customer development strategy of “serving institutional customers and increasing retail customers”,
the Company will improve its customer development ability and comprehensive financial service level. The Company will also
promote the building of professional investment research teams and refined management, continuously enrich its product
types, keep promoting active management, long-term net worth, “fixed income +”, equity and other multiple asset models,
and expand and strengthen its pension business to consolidate its leading position in respect of institutional business.




                                                                                                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis
Innovating business models focusing on customers’ demand, the Company will keep complementing its weakness in retail
business and continue to advance the transformation and marketing of publicly-offered collective investment schemes.
Besides, the Company will build a new-generation platform for asset management business in an all-round way by
constantly promoting the digital construction of asset management business.


China AMC
Actions and achievements
In 2020, repositioning its fund strategies and styles, China AMC kept improving its research framework on asset allocation;
as a result, it witnessed a soaring investment performance and emergence of blue chip funds in multiple investment
categories. It also vigorously marketed its regular open-ended funds, and further expanded its active equity funds; spared
no effort to sell its bond funds, and created the popular fund “fixed income +”; prudently developed its institutional pension
business, kept expanding its international business and continuously enhance its risk prevention ability. As a result, the
overall asset management scale further expanded. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the total AUM of China AMC
reached RMB1,461,142 million, of which, the AUM of public funds reached RMB804,636 million and the AUM of institutional
and international business reached RMB656,506 million.


Outlook for 2021
In 2021, China AMC will keep improving its investment research ability, focus on product line layout improvement, enhance
the marketing of dominant index products, optimize existing annuity businesses and introduce new annuity businesses,
promote the structural transformation of SMA services, expand its international business scale and continuously improve
Fintech ecosystem, thereby maintaining its comprehensive competitiveness in the industry.


Custody
Market conditions
In 2020, the gradual easing of COVID-19 in China has created a favorable environment for the continued dynamics of
domestic capital market. The steady development of asset management industry has been driven by such factors as the
pilot project of the registration system reform, increased institutionalization, and a moderate extension of the transitional
period before the implementation of the New Regulations on Asset Management. The statistics of Asset Management
Association of China showed that as at the end of 2020, the AUM of public funds reached RMB19.89 trillion and the AUM of
private funds reached RMB15.97 trillion, both of which increased significantly compared with the same period last year. As
a carrier for transformation of commercial banks’ wealth management business, wealth management subsidiaries of banks
have gradually become one of the dominant players in the domestic asset management industry. In 2020, the Chinese
government further increased efforts to open up the domestic financial market to foreign players. The first wholly foreign-
owned public fund management company was officially approved, and a number of foreign-owned commercial bank were
qualified for custodian business for securities investment funds. The asset management industry has entered a new era
where domestic and foreign institutions compete with each other for innovative development.



                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     45
Management Discussion and Analysis



Actions and achievements
In 2020, the Company seized opportunities for development of asset management industry, drove the development of asset
custody and fund operation outsourcing service with service and technology, focused on improving the localized service
capacity in key regions such as Beijing, Shanghai, Shenzhen and Guangzhou, and continued to increase investment in
fintech construction. In respect of asset custody business, the Company faithfully performed its duties as a custodian for the
benefit of fund shareholders with due care and diligence. As at the end of 2020, the Company’s public and private equity
fund custody business both reached a high record in terms of scale and number of clients. In respect of fund operation
outsourcing service, the Company was approved to provide valuation accounting and share registration outsourcing service
for public funds; meanwhile, the Company set up overseas fund service companies for benchmarking with international
fund service industry standards, so as to actively build an integrated service ecology for asset management institutions
both inside and outside China. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company’s asset custody and fund operation
outsourcing service business achieved rapid growth, with 7,476 products provided by the Company with asset custody
service and 8,059 products provided by the Company with fund operation outsourcing service.


Outlook for 2021
In 2021, the domestic capital market will further deepen reform and opening up. Against the background of accelerated
accumulation of residents’ wealth and accelerated transformation of savings into investment, the Company will continue
to enhance its core competitiveness in asset custody and fund services, increase in-depth cooperation with various
professional investment institutions, broaden service models, improve service quality and strengthen technological leadership
to promote high-quality development of asset custody and fund services business.


Equity investment
Market conditions
As the macro environment continued to recover, the market scale presented an upbeat trend. Affected by the macro
environment, equity investment market was facing the difficulty in fund-raising. In 2020, the newly raised funds in China’s
equity investment market amounted to RMB1,197.114 billion, representing a year-on-year decrease of 3.8%, and a total of
3,478 new funds completed fundraising, representing a year-on-year increase of 28.3%. In the second half of the year, as
the pandemic was effectively controlled in China, fund-raising activities gradually returned to the normal level at a notably
accelerated pace. On the whole, fund-raising experienced polarization in 2020. In terms of investment, 7,559 investments
took place in China’s equity investment market in 2020, representing a year-on-year decrease of 7.9%, and the decrease
was narrowed as compared to the previous year; and the investment value reported RMB878.149 billion, representing a
year-on-year increase of 14.0%. Impacted by the pandemic, closing of more large investments took place in the second
half of the year, resulting in an upward trend for both the number and the value of investments in each quarter of 2020. In
terms of exit from the market, the number of exit cases increased significantly year-on-year, with IPO exits still being the top
choice.


Actions and achievements
CITIC Securities Investment
In 2020, as an alternative investment subsidiary of the Company, CITIC Securities Investment closely focused on the
development of the capital market and the macro situation in China and abroad, continued to explore investment
opportunities in industries including technology and advanced manufacturing, modern service, medical and healthcare, new
materials and industrial products, actively explored the possibility of moving the investment phase forward appropriately,
continued to give full play to the comprehensive advantages of CITIC Securities, increased investment scale, and invested




46
in a number of enterprises with core competitiveness in the fields of semiconductor, medical equipment, cutting-edge
biotechnology and consumption. In 2020, CITIC Securities Investment invested in over 70 new projects (including follow-up
investment in the STAR Market), with the investment amount of approximately RMB4 billion.


GoldStone Investment
As a platform for raising and managing private equity investment funds of the Company, in 2020, GoldStone Investment,
as the fund manager, initiated the establishment of GoldStone New Materials Fund for Manufacturing Transformation and
Upgrading and Sichuan Chuantou Jinshi Kangjian Equity Investment Fund Partnership (四川川投金石康健股權投資基金合




                                                                                                                                    Management Discussion and Analysis
夥企業) and other funds with a size of over RMB30 billion, to support the development of enterprises with core competitive
advantages in new materials, pharmaceutical and health care, and information technology industries by way of equity
investment. GoldStone Investment made approximately RMB5 billion external investment in 2020, involving sectors such as
health care, chips, new materials and manufacturing. As at the end of the Reporting Period, there were 18 private equity
investment funds under GoldStone Investment’s management.


Outlook for 2021
In 2021, guided by national policies, CITIC Securities Investment will serve the real economy, implement national strategies,
improve investment research capacity, systematically carry out industrial layout, increase forward-looking investment layout,
develop diversified investment methods, increase investment, strengthen post-investment management and risk control, and
continue to consolidate its leading position in the field of equity investment by alternative investment subsidiaries of brokers.


GoldStone Investment’s development strategy is to attach equal importance to management scale and investment returns,
with its strategic goal of developing into a leading private equity investment fund management institution in China. It aims to
create excellent returns for fund investors and realize management fee revenues and performance rewards for the Company.
Through top-down research with industrial upgrade and integration as the core, GoldStone Investment will discover valuable
companies and invest in them, and enhance their value in post-investment management. In addition, GoldStone Investment
will also expand its overseas investment and seize economic development opportunities in new regions as a beneficial
supplement to domestic investment.


Research
In 2020, the Company continued to push forward the comprehensive strategic transformation of its research business. With
enhancement in the depth of research and service levels, the Company won the second place of the best research team
in Asia in the selection of Asian Currency in 2020. The Company accelerated the integration of its domestic and overseas
research forces, increased the number of research reports in English and Chinese, so as to enhance its influence in overseas
markets. The Company implemented cloud upgrade of research services, held a number of large and medium-sized online
and offline conference activities, and the quality and frequency of customer services were not affected by the pandemic.
Research coverage of A share and overseas listed companies continued to increase, and the number of institutional
customers reached a new high. Besides, the combination of integrated research services and business synergies enhanced
the reputation of the Company by providing services on a wide range of topics for government decision-making and CITIC
Group’s development.




                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report       47
Management Discussion and Analysis



In 2021, the research business of the Company will be value-oriented, providing client-driven and business-driven research
services to continue to enhance the Company’s reputation and value. In terms of research areas, in addition to continuing to
increase the research coverage of domestic and overseas listed companies, we will further strengthen industry research, in-
depth research and research on the operation strategies of listed companies. The scope of research will be expanded from
secondary market to industry trends, industrial integration, merger and acquisition and restructuring, as well as strategic
consulting for unlisted enterprises. In terms of service targets, in addition to continuing to serve key institutional customers
in the secondary market, such as public funds, insurance asset management, private equity funds and foreign customers,
the Company will also increase its efforts to serve the important incremental customers, such as wealth management
subsidiaries of banks. In addition, we will deepen and implement the idea of linking the primary and secondary markets,
and further expand our services from institutional customers in the secondary market to PE investment institutions in the
primary market, unlisted enterprises in various industries and government-led funds, etc., in order to explore the value of our
customers. In terms of domestic and overseas cooperation, the Company will build a global vision and a solid local research
brand. We will continue to integrate our domestic and overseas research businesses in terms of management, service and
assessment, and utilize the differentiated positioning and coverage of our domestic and overseas teams to jointly serve our
customers and form complementarity.


Financial Statements Analysis
Financial statement summary
Profitability analysis
In 2020, the overall activity of the domestic securities market increased compared with that of 2019. The Group continued
to rank top among domestic securities companies, retaining a leading position in the market on all fronts. In 2020, the
Group recognized total revenue and other income of RMB71,869 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 25.91%.
Net profit attributable to owners of the parent amounted to RMB14,902 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
21.86%. Basic earnings per share amounted to RMB1.16, representing a year-on-year increase of 14.85%. Return on
weighted average equity was 8.43%, representing a year-on-year increase of 0.67 percentage points.


Assets structure and assets quality
In 2020, total assets and total liabilities of the Group increased by different margins. In 2020, the Group made the corresponding
impairment provision for the assets with signs of impairment, to maintain the Company’s high-quality asset.


As of 31 December 2020, the Group’s total assets amounted to RMB1,052,962 million, representing a year-on-year
increase of RMB261,240 million or 33.00%. Excluding customer brokerage deposits and funds payable to securities issuers,
the Group’s total assets amounted to RMB848,780 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB180,682 million or
27.04%. As of 31 December 2020, the Group’s total liabilities amounted to RMB867,080 million, representing a year-on-
year increase of RMB240,808 million or 38.45%. Excluding customer brokerage deposits and funds payable to securities
issuers, the Group’s total liabilities amounted to RMB662,898 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB160,250
million or 31.88%. As of 31 December 2020, the Group’s equity attributable to owners of the parent amounted to
RMB181,712 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB20,087 million or 12.43%.


Asset and liability structure of the Group maintained stable. As of 31 December 2020, excluding customer brokerage
deposits and funds payable to securities issuers, the Group’s total assets amounted to RMB848,780 million, among which,
investments, which mainly included investments in associates/joint ventures and investments in financial assets, accounted
for 60.68% of the total assets; margin accounts and reverse repurchase agreements accounted for 18.38% of the total
assets; cash and bank balances accounted for 10.73% of the total assets; and fixed assets, constructions in progress, land-



48
use-rights and intangible assets, investment properties and right-of-use assets in aggregate accounted for 1.56% of the
total assets.


As of 31 December 2020, excluding customer brokerage deposits and funds payable to securities issuers, the Group’s
total liabilities amounted to RMB662,898 million with a major proportion of short-term liabilities, among which, repurchase
agreements were RMB198,299 million, accounting for 29.91% of the total liabilities; debt instruments issued and long-term
loans were RMB133,225 million, accounting for 20.10% of the total liabilities; short-term loans, due to banks and other
financial institutions, short-term financing instruments payable and non-current liabilities due within one year were RMB67,113




                                                                                                                                               Management Discussion and Analysis
million, accounting for 10.12% of the total liabilities; financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss and derivative financial
liabilities were RMB105,285 million, accounting for 15.88% of the total liabilities; and other liabilities were RMB158,976 million
in total, accounting for 23.99% of the total liabilities.


The gearing ratio slightly increased. As of 31 December 2020, excluding customer brokerage deposits and funds payable
to securities issuers, the gearing ratio of the Group was 78.10%, representing a year-on-year increase of 2.86 percentage
points.


Cash flow status
Excluding customer brokerage deposits, the Group’s net increase in cash and cash equivalents was RMB25,846 million in
2020, compared with net increase of RMB12,085 million in 2019, which was mainly due to the increase in net cash inﬂow
from operating activities and financing activities.


From a structural perspective, the net cash inﬂow from operating activities in 2020 was RMB20,708 million, compared
with an outflow of RMB4,004 million in 2019, which was mainly due to a year-on-year increase in the net cash inflow from
operating liabilities.


The net cash outflow from investing activities in 2020 was RMB6,860 million, compared with an inﬂow of RMB16,248 million
in 2019, which was mainly due to the change of net cash inflow from newly added consolidated subsidiaries and net cash
outflow from debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income.


The net cash inﬂow from financing activities in 2020 was RMB11,998 million, compared with an outflow of RMB159 million
in 2019, which was mainly due to a year-on-year increase in the debt instruments issued by the Company during the
Reporting Period.


Access to and Ability of Financing
Currently, the Company obtains short-term funds from commercial banks and other investors primarily by way of bond
repurchases, interbank lending, issuance of short-term commercial papers, issuance of beneficiary certificates, issuance
of short-term corporate bonds etc., through SSE, SZSE and interbank market in accordance with the relevant policies and
regulations of the competent authorities.


In addition, the Company may, subject to market conditions and its own demands, raise fund by way of refinancing
issuance, rights issue, issuance of bonds, convertible bonds, subordinated bonds, private placement bonds and other
financing methods as approved by the competent authorities. The Company may issue USD-denominated MTNs and Euro
commercial papers through overseas subsidiaries to obtain foreign funds to support the Company’s overseas business
development.



                                                                          CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report           49
Management Discussion and Analysis



To maintain the liquidity and profitability of its assets, the Company’s proprietary capital is centrally managed by its Treasury
Department. There is also a comprehensive management system and corresponding work flows in place. The Company
fine-tunes the structures of its different classes of assets in a timely manner and utilizes corresponding hedging tools to
mitigate the risks.


Please refer to Note 42 “Short-term loans”, Note 43 “Short-term financing instruments payable”, Note 46 “Debt instruments
issued” and Note 47 “Long-term loans” to the consolidated financial statements in this report for the information on the debt
financing instruments and liquidity of the Company in 2020.


Analysis on items of income statement
Financial highlights
In 2020, the Group accomplished a profit before income tax of RMB20,470 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
20.45%. Major financial highlights of the Group are as follows:


                                                                                                                  In RMB million


 Items                                                                                          2020                      2019


 Fee and commission income                                                                    31,816                    21,515
 Interest income                                                                              15,528                    13,257
 Investment income                                                                            17,907                    15,891
 Income from bulk commodity trading and other income                                            6,618                    6,417
 Operating expenses                                                                           51,984                    40,886
 Share of profits and losses of associates/joint ventures                                        585                       801
 Profit before income tax                                                                     20,470                    16,995
 Income tax expense                                                                             4,954                    4,346
 Profit attributable to owners of the parent                                                  14,902                    12,229

Structure of the revenue
In 2020, the total revenue and other income of the Group amounted to RMB71,869 million, representing a year-on-year
increase of 25.91%. Structure of the revenue was relatively stable. The following table sets out the revenue structure of the
Group in the past 5 years:


 Items                                                   2020            2019            2018              2017           2016


 Fee and commission income                            44.27%          37.69%          39.75%            39.79%         51.48%
 Interest income                                      21.61%          23.23%          26.74%            22.48%         22.44%
 Investment income                                    24.92%          27.84%          15.76%            22.32%         16.51%
 Income from bulk commodity
     trading and other income                          9.20%          11.24%          17.75%            15.41%          9.57%


 Total                                              100.00%          100.00%         100.00%            100.00%       100.00%




50
Fee and commission income
In 2020, the net fee and commission income of the Group amounted to RMB26,764 million, representing a year-on-year
increase of 48.51%, which was mainly due to the increase in revenue from brokerage and asset management business. The
breakdown of fee and commission income of the Group during 2019 and 2020 is as follows:


                                                                                                                                       In RMB million


                                                                                                                    Variance in         Variance in




                                                                                                                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis
 Items                                                                 2020                     2019                   amount           percentage


 Fee and commission income
   Brokerage                                                          16,504                 10,143                      6,361              62.71%
   Investment banking                                                  6,056                   4,625                     1,431              30.94%
   Trading                                                              284                         230                     54              23.48%
   Asset management                                                    8,436                   6,073                     2,363              38.91%
   Others                                                               536                         444                     92              20.72%
 Fee and commission expenses                                           5,052                   3,493                     1,559              44.63%
 Net fee and commission income                                        26,764                 18,022                      8,742              48.51%

The breakdown of fee and commission income during 2019 and 2020 is as follows:


               Breakdown of fee and commission income for 2020                     Breakdown of fee and commission income for 2019


                         1.69%                                                              2.06%




                                                             51.87%                                                           47.14%
                26.52%


                                                                                   28.23%



                     0.89%
                                                                                            1.07%
                                 19.03%                                                                   21.50%



                                          Brokerage                    Investment banking                 Trading


                                          Asset management             Others




The fee and commission income from brokerage business increased by RMB6,361 million, representing a year-on-year
increase of 62.71%. In 2020, the overall activity of the domestic securities market increased significantly as compared to
2019, with SSE Composite Index rising by 13.87%.




                                                                                CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report               51
Management Discussion and Analysis



The fee and commission income from investment banking business increased by RMB1,431 million, representing a year-on-
year increase of 30.94%. In 2020, with the advancement of the registration system reform of the STAR Market and ChiNext
Board, the issuance scale of A-share IPO significantly increased.


The fee and commission income from trading increased by RMB54 million year-on-year, which was relatively stable.


The fee and commission income from asset management increased by RMB2,363 million, representing a year-on-year
increase of 38.91%. In 2020, given the industry transformation and development environment of the replacement of the old
business models with the new one, the Company pursued a multi-pronged strategy in asset management business, with a
certain degree of optimization of customers and capital structure.


Interest income
In 2020, the net interest income of the Group amounted to RMB2,587 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 26.50%.
The table below sets out the major composition of the net interest income of the Group for the period indicated:


                                                                                                                   In RMB million


                                                                                              Variance in           Variance in
 Items                                                       2020                2019             amount            percentage


 Interest income
     — Bank interest income                                 4,811               4,373                 438               10.02%
     — Interest income on margin and
     other financing                                        9,307               7,718               1,589               20.59%
     — Interest income on financial assets
          at fair value through
          other comprehensive income                        1,139               1,021                 118               11.56%
     — Others                                                 271                 145                 126               86.90%
 Interest expenses
     — Customer brokerage deposits                            655                 505                 150               29.70%
     — Due to banks and
          other financial institutions                      4,973               3,977                 996               25.04%
     — Debt instruments issued and
          short-term financing instruments
     payable                                                6,472               5,943                 529                8.90%
     — Others                                                 841                 787                  54                6.86%
 Net interest income                                        2,587               2,045                 542               26.50%

Bank interest income increased by RMB438 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 10.02%, mainly due to the
commensurate increase in client deposits and reserves with the brokerage segment resulting from securities market
conditions. Consequently, the average daily balance of the funds during the year increased as compared to last year.




52
Interest income from margin and other financing increased by RMB1,589 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
20.59%, mainly due to the scale of financing flow-based business increased as compared to last year.


Interest income on financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income increased by RMB118 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of 11.56%, mainly due to increased average daily scale of debt investment at fair value
through other comprehensive income during the year.


Interest expenses increased by RMB1,729 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 15.42%, mainly due to the




                                                                                                                                Management Discussion and Analysis
increase in interest expenses including banks and other financial institutions, debt instruments issued and short-term
financing instruments payable.


Investment income
In 2020, the investment income of the Group amounted to RMB17,907 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
12.69%. The table below sets out the major composition of the investment income of the Group during the period indicated:


                                                                                                               In RMB million


                                                                                             Variance in         Variance in
 Items                                                      2020                2019             amount         percentage


 Net gains from financial assets at
   fair value through other comprehensive
   income                                                    216               1,289              -1,073           -83.24%
 Net gains from financial instruments at
   fair value through profit or loss                      54,273              18,977             35,296            185.99%
 Others                                                  -36,582              -4,375                N/A                  N/A


 Total                                                    17,907              15,891              2,016             12.69%

The net gains from financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income decreased by RMB1,073 million,
representing a year-on-year decrease of 83.24%. In particular, the investment income from the disposal of financial assets
decreased by RMB44 million, representing a decrease of 16.92%, and the investment income from assets held decreased
by RMB1,029 million, representing a decrease of 100%.


The net gains from financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss is RMB54,273 million. In particular, investment
income arising from the holding and disposal of such assets by the Group was RMB39,405 million and the gains arising
from changes in the fair value was RMB14,868 million.


Other investment income was RMB-36,582 million, which was mainly attributable to changes in fair value of derivative
financial instruments.




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report    53
Management Discussion and Analysis



Operating expenses
In 2020, operating expenses of the Group (excluding fee and commission expenses and interest expenses) amounted to
RMB33,991 million, representing a year-on-year increase of RMB7,810 million or 29.83%. The table below sets out the
major composition of the operating expenses of the Group during the period indicated:


                                                                                                          In RMB million


                                                                                          Variance in       Variance in
 Items                                                    2020               2019            amount         percentage


 Staff costs                                            14,738             12,441              2,297           18.46%
 Depreciation of property, plant and equipment             381                379                  2             0.53%
 Tax and surcharges                                        398                293                105           35.84%
 Cost of bulk commodity trading                           5,737             5,377                360             6.70%
 Other operating expenses                                 5,661             5,101                560           10.98%
 Expected credit losses                                   6,581             1,891              4,690          248.02%
 Impairment losses on other assets                         495                699               -204           -29.18%


 Total                                                  33,991             26,181              7,810           29.83%

During the year, staff costs increased by RMB2,297 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 18.46%, mainly due to
an increase in staff remuneration.


During the year, depreciation of property, plant and equipment increased by RMB2 million, representing a year-on-year
increase of 0.53%, which was basically stable compared to the same period last year.


During the year, tax and surcharges increased by RMB105 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 35.84%, mainly
due to an increase in urban construction tax and education surcharge.


During the year, cost of bulk commodity trading increased by RMB360 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
6.70%, which was basically stable compared to the same period last year.


In 2020, expected credit losses amounted to RMB6,581 million, increased by RMB4,690 million or 248.02% as compared
to 2019, which mainly due to the increase of impairment losses of reverse repurchase agreements and margin account.
Impairment losses on other assets amounted to RMB495 million, decreased by RMB204 million as compared to 2019,
which mainly due to the decrease in the impairment losses on goodwill.




54
The following table sets out the major composition of the impairment losses of the Group during the period:


                                                                                                               In RMB million


                                                                                              Variance in         Variance in
 Items                                                      2020                2019             amount          percentage


 Expected credit losses                                    6,581                1,891              4,690           248.02%




                                                                                                                                Management Discussion and Analysis
 Among which: Reverse repurchase agreements                4,879                 791               4,088           516.81%
               Margin account                                711                 360                 351             97.50%
               Financial assets at fair value
                 through other comprehensive
                 income (Debt instruments)                   555                 225                 330           146.67%
               Other current assets                          334                 515                -181            -35.15%
               Others                                        102                   —                 102                 N/A
 Impairment losses on other assets                           495                 699                -204            -29.18%

Analysis on financial position
As of 31 December 2020, the total assets of the Group were RMB1,052,962 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
33.00%. Excluding the effect of the customer brokerage deposits and funds payable to securities issuers, the total assets of
the Group amounted to RMB848,780 million as at 31 December 2020, representing a year-on-year increase of 27.04%.


Major changes in the total assets of the Group were as follows:


                                                                                                               In RMB million


                                                  31 December          31 December           Variance in         Variance in
 Items                                                      2020                2019             amount         percentage


 Financial assets at fair value through other
   comprehensive income                                   66,036              39,963             26,073             65.24%
 Investments in associates/joint ventures                  8,877               9,001                -124            -1.38%
 Financial assets at fair value
   through profit or loss                               419,981             355,348              64,633             18.19%
 Derivative financial assets                              20,158               7,351             12,807            174.22%
 Margin accounts and reverse repurchase
   agreements                                           155,968             129,504              26,464             20.43%
 Properties, land-use rights and
   intangible assets, right-of-use assets                 13,212              13,690                -478            -3.49%
 Cash and bank balances                                   91,110              64,442             26,668             41.38%
 Others                                                   73,438              48,799             24,639             50.49%


 Total                                                  848,780             668,098             180,682             27.04%




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     55
Management Discussion and Analysis



The following chart sets forth the composition of the total assets of the Group as of the dates indicated:


               Analysis of the components of the Group’s                                         Analysis of the components of the Group’s
               assets as of the end of 2020                                                      assets as of the end of 2019
                                                  1.56%                                                         19.38%              2.05%
                          18.38%
                                                          10.73%                                                                            9.65%

                                                                                                    1.10%
                  2.37%
                                                                   8.65%                                                                             7.30%


                                                                                                                                                      5.98%
                                                                    7.78%
                                                                                                                                                     1.35%
                                                                   1.05%



                            49.48%                                                                            53.19%



                 Financial assets at fair value           Investments in                           Financial assets at fair value           Derivative financial assets
                 through other comprehensive              associates/joint ventures                through profit or loss
                 income

                 Margin accounts and                      Properties, intangible assets and        Cash and bank balances                   Others
                 reverse repurchase agreements            land-use rights, right-of-use assets




Investment
The investment of the Group primarily comprises financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income,
investments in associates/joint ventures, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, derivative financial assets, etc.


As of 31 December 2020, the total investments of the Group were RMB515,052 million, representing a year-on-year
increase of RMB103,389 million or 25.11% as compared to the end of 2019. Its total investments accounted for 60.68% of
the total assets, representing a year-on-year decrease of 0.94 percentage point.


The following table sets out, as of the dates indicated, the investments of the Group and its percentage to the total assets
by category:


                                                                                                                                                                     In RMB million


                                                                                 31 December 2020                                            31 December 2019
                                                                                                   Percentage to                                                   Percentage to
 Items                                                                            Amount                total assets                          Amount                      total assets


 Financial assets at fair value through
     other comprehensive income                                                       66,036                      7.78%                        39,963                          5.98%
 Investments in associates/joint ventures                                              8,877                      1.05%                          9,001                         1.35%
 Financial assets at fair value through
     profit or loss                                                               419,981                       49.48%                       355,348                         53.19%
 Derivative financial assets                                                          20,158                      2.37%                          7,351                         1.10%


 Total                                                                            515,052                       60.68%                       411,663                         61.62%


56
Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
As of 31 December 2020, the Group’s financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income were RMB66,036
million, representing an increase of RMB26,073 million or 65.24% as compared to the end of 2019.


The following table sets forth the components of the Group’s financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive
income:


                                                                                                               In RMB million




                                                                                                                                 Management Discussion and Analysis
                                                        31 December 2020                        31 December 2019
                                                                     Percentage to                           Percentage to
                                                                      total financial                          total financial
                                                                           assets at                               assets at
                                                                           fair value                              fair value
                                                                      through other                           through other
                                                                    comprehensive                           comprehensive
 Items                                                  Amount               income             Amount               income


 Debt instruments investments                            49,401              74.81%              23,684              59.26%
 Investment in equity instruments                        16,635              25.19%              16,279              40.74%


 Total                                                   66,036            100.00%               39,963            100.00%

Investments in associates/joint ventures
As of 31 December 2020, investments in associates and joint ventures of the Group decreased by RMB124 million or
1.38% year-on-year, mainly due to a decrease in investments in associates.


                                                                                                               In RMB million


                                                  31 December          31 December           Variance in         Variance in
 Items                                                     2020                 2019             amount          percentage


 Investment in associates                                 8,819                8,926                -107             -1.20%
 Investments in joint ventures                                58                  75                 -17            -22.67%


 Total                                                    8,877                9,001                -124             -1.38%

Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
As of 31 December 2020, the Group’s financial assets at fair value through profit or loss increased by RMB64,633 million or
18.19% year-on-year, accounting for 49.48% of the total assets of the Group, mainly due to the increase in investment in
equity instruments for trading.




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report      57
Management Discussion and Analysis



The following table sets forth the components of the Group’s financial assets at fair value through profit or loss:


                                                                                                                In RMB million


                                                    31 December         31 December            Variance in            Variance in
 Items                                                       2020                2019             amount          percentage


 Debt instruments                                         177,830             215,030             -37,200               -17.30%
 Investment in equity instruments                         175,364              94,160              81,204                86.24%
 Financial assets designated as at fair value
     through profit or loss                                14,603               6,561               8,042              122.57%
 Others                                                    52,184              39,597              12,587                31.79%


 Total                                                    419,981             355,348              64,633                18.19%

Properties, land-use rights and intangible assets and right-of-use assets
As of 31 December 2020, properties, land-use rights and intangible assets and right-of-use assets of the Group were
RMB13,212 million, representing a year-on-year decrease of 3.49%. The following table sets forth the properties, land-use
rights and intangible assets and right-of-use assets of the Group as of the dates indicated:


                                                                                                                In RMB million


                                                    31 December         31 December            Variance in            Variance in
 Items                                                       2020                2019             amount          percentage


 Property, plant and equipment                               7,531              7,762                -231                -2.98%
 Investment properties                                       1,060              1,255                -195               -15.54%
 Land-use rights and other intangible assets                 2,855              3,072                -217                -7.06%
 Right-of-use assets                                         1,766              1,601                 165                10.31%


 Total                                                     13,212              13,690                -478                -3.49%

Liabilities
As of 31 December 2020, the total liabilities of the Group amounted to RMB867,080 million, representing an increase of
RMB240,808 million or 38.45% as compared to last year. Excluding the effect of customer brokerage deposits and funds
payable to securities issuers, total liabilities of the Group amounted to RMB662,898 million as at 31 December 2020,
representing a year-on-year increase of 31.88%.




58
The following table sets forth the breakdown of the total liabilities of the Group as of the dates indicated:


                                                                                                                 In RMB million


                                                    31 December          31 December            Variance in        Variance in
 Items                                                        2020                2019             amount         percentage


 Customer brokerage deposits                               203,111             123,351              79,760            64.66%




                                                                                                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis
 Funds payable to securities issuers                         1,071                 273                 798           292.31%
 Short-term loans, due to banks and
   other financing institutions,
   short-term financing instruments payable
   and non-current liabilities due within
   one year                                                 67,113              97,269             -30,156           -31.00%
 Financial liabilities at fair value through
   profit or loss and derivative financial
   liabilities                                             105,285              71,709              33,576            46.82%
 Repurchase agreements                                     198,299             174,448              23,851            13.67%
 Debt instruments issued and long-term loans               133,225              89,804              43,421            48.35%
 Others                                                    158,976              69,418              89,558           129.01%


 Total                                                     867,080             626,272            240,808             38.45%

As of 31 December 2020, the customer brokerage deposits of the Group amounted to RMB203,111 million, representing a
year-on-year increase of 64.66% accounting for 23.42% of the total liabilities of the Group.


The following table sets forth the Group’s customer brokerage deposits as categorized by geographical locations and types
of customers as of the dates indicated:


                                                                                                                 In RMB million


                                                    31 December          31 December            Variance in        Variance in
 Items                                                        2020                2019             amount         percentage


 Mainland China                                            177,355             103,323              74,032            71.65%
   — Individual                                             82,874              56,550              26,324            46.55%
   — Corporate                                              94,481              46,773              47,708           102.00%
 Outside Mainland China                                     25,756              20,028               5,728            28.60%


 Total                                                     203,111             123,351              79,760            64.66%

As of 31 December 2020, short-term loans, due to banks and other financing institutions, short-term financing instruments
payable and non-current liabilities due within one year amounted to RMB67,113 million, representing a decrease of 31.00%
year-on-year, which was mainly attributable to a decrease in the scale of due to banks and other financing institutions.


                                                                     CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report    59
Management Discussion and Analysis



As of 31 December 2020, financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss and derivative financial liabilities amounted
to RMB105,285 million, representing an increase of 46.82% year-on-year, which was mainly attributable to the increase in
derivative financial liabilities and the changes in fair value.


As of 31 December 2020, amounts from repurchase agreements increased by RMB23,851 million or 13.67% year-on-year,
which was mainly attributable to the increase in the scale of outright repurchase business.


As of 31 December 2020, amounts from debt instruments issued and long-term loans of the Group increased by
RMB43,421 million or 48.35% year-on-year, which was mainly attributable to the increase in debt instruments issued.


Equity
As of 31 December 2020, the total equity of the Group amounted to RMB185,882 million, representing a year-on-year
increase of 12.35%, which was mainly attributable to the increase in additional shares issued of the Company.


The following table sets out forth the components of the Group’s total equity as of the dates indicated:


                                                                                                                 In RMB million


                                                                                     31 December                31 December
 Items                                                                                         2020                      2019


 Share capital                                                                                12,927                   12,117
 Capital reserve                                                                              65,632                   54,156
 Surplus reserve                                                                               9,438                    8,683
 General reserve                                                                              28,635                   25,615
 Investment revaluation reserve                                                                  469                      185
 Foreign currency translation reserve                                                           -156                      765
 Retained profits                                                                             64,767                   60,104
 Non-controlling interests                                                                     4,170                    3,825


 Total                                                                                      185,882                  165,450

Fair value measurement
The fair value of the relevant assets or liabilities of the Group is measured by prices in principal markets. In the absence of
a principal market, the fair value of the relevant assets or liabilities will be measured by the prices in the most advantageous
market. The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured by using the assumptions that market participants would use
when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.


The fair values of quoted financial assets or financial liabilities in active markets of the Group are based on quoted market
prices. If there is no active market, the Group establishes fair value by using valuation techniques. These include the use
of market approach, income approach and cost approach. When using valuation techniques, the Group uses observable
inputs and/or unobservable inputs and preferentially uses relevant observable inputs as far as possible.




60
Default Valuation Adjustments (DVA) are considered for the Group’s liabilities at fair value, and assumes that DVA stay the
same before and after the transfer of the liabilities. DVA refer to the risk that enterprises fail to perform their obligation,
including but not limited to their own credit.


Analysis of principal subsidiaries and companies in which the Company has a non-controlling
interest
The Company has seven principal subsidiaries and two principal companies with non-controlling interest, a summary of
which is set out below:




                                                                                                                                                                                     Management Discussion and Analysis
                 Shareholding Date of         Registered                                                                                              Responsible    Contact
 Name            of the Company Establishment Capital             Place of Business                         Registered Address                        Officer        Number

 CITIC Securities 100%          1988.6.2      RMB2,493.8          5/F, East Wing, Tower 1, Longxiang        Unit 2001, Tower 1, No. 222 Shenzhen FENG Enxin          0532-
   (Shandong)                                 million             Plaza, No. 28 Dong Hai West Road,         Road, Laoshan District, Qingdao                          85022309
                                                                  Shinan District, Qingdao
                                                                  15/F, International Wealth Center,
                                                                  No. 156 Jingqi Road,
                                                                  Shizhong District, Jinan

 CSI             100%           1998.4.9      Paid-up capital     26/F, CITIC Tower, 1 Tim Mei Avenue,      26/F, CITIC Tower, 1 Tim Mei Avenue,      ZHANG Youjun 00852-
                                              of HK$6,516.05      Central, Hong Kong                        Central, Hong Kong                                     26008188
                                              million

 GoldStone       100%           2007.10.11    RMB3,000            17/F, CITIC Securities Tower, No. 48      No. 48 Liangmaqiao Road, Chaoyang         JIN Jianhua    010-60837800
  Investment                                  million             Liangmaqiao Road, Chaoyang District,      District, Beijing
                                                                  Beijing

 CITIC Securities 100%          2012.4.1      RMB14,000           17/F, CITIC Securities Tower, No. 48      Unit 2001, Tower 1, International         ZHANG Youjun 010-60833811
   Investment                                 million             Liangmaqiao Road, Chaoyang District,      Finance Plaza, No. 222 Shenzhen
                                                                  Beijing                                   Road, Laoshan District, Qingdao

 CITIC Futures   100%           1993.3.30     RMB3,600            Units 1301–1305,                          Units 1301–1305,                          ZHANG Hao      0755-
                                              million             13/F and 14/F,                            13/F and 14/F,                                           83217780
                                                                  North Tower, Excellence Times Plaza       North Tower, Excellence Times Plaza
                                                                  II, No. 8 Zhong Xin San Road, Futian      II, No. 8 Zhong Xin San Road, Futian
                                                                  District, Shenzhen, Guangdong             District, Shenzhen, Guangdong

 CITIC Securities 100%          1988.3.26     RMB10,091,137,318 10/F, Building T1, Heli Tiande Plaza,       Room 501, No. 5 Zhujiang West Road, HU Fuyun             020-88836999
   South China                                                  No. 395 Linjiang Avenue, Tianhe             Tianhe District, Guangzhou
                                                                District, Guangzhou

 China AMC       62.20%         1998.4.9      RMB238              Building 7, No. 1 Yuetan South Street,    No. A3, Anqing Street, Shunyi District,   YANG Minghui   010-88066688
                                              million             Xicheng District, Beijing                 Beijing

 CITIC PE Fund   35%            2008.6.6      RMB1,800            17/F, CITIC Securities Tower, No. 48      District C, Incubator Building,           JIN Jianhua    010-60837869
                                              million             Liangmaqiao Road, Chaoyang District,      Technology Education and Startup
                                                                  Beijing                                   Park, Technology City, Mianyang

 Galaxy Asset    5.70%          2005.9.30     RMB10,000           Room 501, 5/F, Financial Street Centre,   Unit 401–01, 4/F, Building 9, Financial   LI Mei         010-66562611
                                              million             No. A9 Financial Street, Xicheng          Street, Xicheng District, Beijing
                                                                  District, Beijing




                                                                                            CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report                                 61
Management Discussion and Analysis



Particulars of the principal subsidiaries of the Company and companies with non-controlling interest are as follows:


(1)   CITIC Securities (Shandong) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company with a registered capital of RMB2,493.80
      million. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the total assets and net assets of CITIC Securities (Shandong)
      amounted to RMB27,659.92 million and RMB6,925.64 million, respectively, and the operating revenue, gross profit
      and net profit realized in 2020 amounted to RMB1,805.61 million, RMB715.03 million and RMB534.66 million,
      respectively. CITIC Securities (Shandong) had 70 securities branches and 2,602 staff (3 brokers and 7 dispatched staff
      inclusive).


      The principal businesses of CITIC Securities (Shandong) include: life insurance and property insurance (other than
      aviation accident insurance and alternative products) approved by the China Insurance Regulatory Commission;
      foreign-currency negotiable securities brokerage; securities brokerage (in Shandong and Henan provinces only);
      securities investment advisory (for securities investment advisory business in Shandong and Henan provinces only);
      margin financing and securities lending; distribution of securities investment fund; provision of intermediate referral
      services to futures companies; and agency sale of financial products (in Shandong and Henan provinces only).


(2)   CSI is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company with paid-up capital of HK$6,516.05 million. As at the end of the
      Reporting Period, the total assets and net assets of CSI amounted to approximately RMB198,002.74 million and
      approximately RMB8,479.24 million, respectively; the operating revenue, gross profit and net profit realized in 2020
      amounted to approximately RMB5,369.33 million, approximately RMB1,509.28 million and approximately RMB818.65
      million, respectively. CSI had 4 branches in Hong Kong and 1,808 staff (77 brokers inclusive).


      The principal businesses of CSI include: holding and investment, and its subsidiaries engage in businesses such
      as corporate finance and capital market, securities brokerage, futures brokerage, asset management, proprietary
      business and direct investment.


(3)   GoldStone Investment is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company with a registered capital of RMB3.0 billion. As at
      the end of the Reporting Period, the total assets and net assets of GoldStone Investment amounted to RMB22,753.77
      million and RMB8,716.75 million, respectively; the operating revenue, gross profit and net profit realized in 2020
      amounted to RMB1,355.31 million, RMB1,152.32 million and RMB842.16 million, respectively. GoldStone Investment
      had 104 staff (7 dispatched staff inclusive).


      The principal businesses of GoldStone Investment include: industrial investment; investment advisory and
      management.


(4)   CITIC Securities Investment is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company with a registered capital of RMB14 billion.
      As at the end of the Reporting Period, the total assets and net assets of CITIC Securities Investment amounted to
      RMB18,575.13 million and RMB16,588.37 million, respectively; the operating revenue, gross profit and net profit
      realized in 2020 amounted to RMB2,806.23 million, RMB2,266.54 million and RMB1,759.38 million, respectively.
      CITIC Securities Investment had 29 staff.


      The principal businesses of CITIC Securities Investment include: financial product investment, securities investment
      and equity investment.




62
(5)   CITIC Futures is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company with a registered capital of RMB3.6 billion. As at the end
      of the Reporting Period, the total assets and net assets of CITIC Futures amounted to RMB90,228.54 million and
      RMB6,147.67 million, respectively; the operating revenue, gross profit and net profit realized in 2020 amounted to
      RMB8,090.31 million, RMB759.40 million and RMB647.57 million, respectively. CITIC Futures had 48 branches and
      1,338 staff.


      The principal businesses of CITIC Futures include: commodity futures brokerage, financial futures brokerage, futures
      investment advisory, asset management and fund sales.




                                                                                                                                      Management Discussion and Analysis
(6)   CITIC Securities South China is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company with a registered capital of
      RMB10,091,137,318. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the total assets and net assets of CITIC Securities
      South China amounted to RMB23,899.17 million and RMB11,412.38 million, respectively; the operating revenue and
      net profit realized in the period commencing from the date of being consolidated into the financial statements of the
      Company and ending at the end of the Reporting Period amounted to RMB950.58 million and RMB202.17 million,
      respectively. CITIC Securities South China had 67 securities branches and 1,069 staff (2 brokers inclusive).


      The principal businesses of CITIC Securities South China include: securities brokerage; securities investment advisory
      (securities investment advisers only); financial advisory related to securities trading and securities investment activities;
      securities underwriting and sponsorship; stock proprietary business; securities asset management; margin financing
      and securities lending; securities investment fund sales agency; and agency sale of financial products.


(7)   China AMC is held as to 62.20% by the Company and has a registered capital of RMB238 million. As at the end
      of the Reporting Period, the total assets and net assets of China AMC amounted to RMB13,694.62 million and
      RMB10,006.32 million, respectively; the operating revenue, gross profit and net profit realized in 2020 amounted
      to RMB5,539.14 million, RMB2,111.27 million and RMB1,597.52 million, respectively. China AMC had 1,083 staff
      (dispatched staff inclusive).


      The principal businesses of China AMC include: fund raising; fund sales; asset management; engaging in asset
      management business for specific clients; and other businesses permitted by the CSRC.


(8)   CITIC PE Fund is held as to 35% by the Company and has a registered capital of RMB1.8 billion. As at the end
      of the Reporting Period, the total assets and net assets of CITIC PE Fund amounted to RMB5,404.92 million and
      RMB4,953.85 million, respectively; and the net profit realized in 2020 amounted to RMB446.33 million (all the relevant
      data mentioned above have not been audited).


      The principal businesses of CITIC PE Fund include: promotion and establishment of industrial (equity) investment
      funds; industrial (equity) investment fund management; financial advisory, investment and investment management
      advisory; equity investment and external investment; and enterprise management.




                                                                     CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report       63
Management Discussion and Analysis



(9)    Galaxy Asset is held as to 5.7% by the Company with a registered capital of RMB10 billion. In 2020, Jiantou Zhongxin
       (建投中信) was transformed into a financial asset management company and changed its name to China Galaxy
       Asset Management Co., Ltd. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the total assets and net assets of Galaxy Asset
       amounted to RMB11,382.9162 million and RMB11,065.5397 million, respectively; and the net profit realized in 2020
       amounted to RMB38.2528 million (all the relevant data mentioned above have not been audited).


       The principal businesses of Galaxy Asset include: acquisition and entrusted operation of non-performing assets of
       financial institutions, management, investment and disposal of non-performing assets; debt-equity swap, investment,
       management and disposal of equity assets; investment in fixed-income negotiable securities; issuance of financial
       bonds, interbank lending and commercial financing to other financial institutions; bankruptcy management; financial,
       investment, legal and risk management consulting and advisory; asset and project appraisal; approved asset-backed
       securitization business, custodianship and closure and liquidation of financial institutions; non-performing assets
       business of non-financial institutions; and other businesses permitted by the banking regulatory authority of the State
       Council.


Securities branch offices of the Company
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has established a total of 32 securities branch offices in Beijing,
Shanghai, Hubei, Jiangsu, Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone, Shenzhen, Northeast China, Zhejiang, Fujian, Jiangxi, Wenzhou,
Ningbo, Sichuan, Shaanxi, Tianjin, Inner Mongolia, Anhui, Shanxi, Yunnan, Hebei, Hunan, Chongqing, Hainan, Gansu,
Ningxia, Guangxi, Jilin, Heilongjiang, Jiaxing, Jinhua, Shaoxing and Taizhou, particulars of which are as follows:


                                    Responsible                                                                              Contact
 No.    Branch Office               Officer         Place of Business                                                        Method


 1      Beijing Branch Office       LEI Yong        4/F, 5 Jinchengjianguo, No. 5 Jianguomen Beidajie, Dongcheng             010-65128320
                                                      District, Beijing
 2      Shanghai Branch Office      WANG Lihua      Units 06 and 07, 8/F (Actual Floor: 7/F), and Units 01–03, 06A and 07,   021-61768697
                                                      10/F (Actual Floor: 9/F), 1568 Century Avenue, Shanghai
 3      Hubei Branch Office         SUN Hongtao     51/F, Guangdong Development Bank Building,                               027-85355366
                                                      No. 737 Jianshe Avenue, Jianghan District, Wuhan, Hubei Province
 4      Jiangsu Branch Office       XIE Siyuan      1/F, Area B and 10/F, Phase II of Sunny World, No. 168 Lushan Road,      025-83261298
                                                      Jianye District, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province
 5      Shanghai Pilot Free Trade   TIAN Xingnong   19/F and 20/F, No. 1568 Century Avenue, Pilot Free                       021-20262006
          Zone Branch Office                          Trade Zone, Shanghai
 6      Shenzhen Branch Office      LIANG Qi        12/F and 20/F, CITIC Securities Tower, No. 8 Zhong Xin San Road,         0755-23911668
                                                      Futian Street, Futian District, Shenzhen
 7      Northeast Branch Office     LI Zhe          30/F, Tower A, China Resources Building, No. 286 Qingnian Avenue,        024-23972693
                                                      Heping District, Shenyang, Liaoning Province
 8      Zhejiang Branch Office      CHEN Gang       Units 1901, 1902, 2201, 2202, 2203, 2204, 2301, 2303 and 2304 of         0571-85783714
                                                      Dikai Yinzuo, Jianggan District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province
 9      Jiangxi Branch Office       ZHANG Xinqing   Units 2801, 2802, 2806, 2807, 2808, 2809 and 2810 (28/F) of Lianfa       0791-83970561
                                                      Plaza Office Building, No. 129 Lvyin Road,
                                                      Honggutan New District, Nanchang, Jiangxi Province




64
                                   Responsible                                                                            Contact
No.   Branch Office                Officer        Place of Business                                                       Method


10    Fujian Branch Office         SUI Yanping    Units 1901, 1902, 1907, 2005B, 2006 and 2007 of Sino Plaza, No. 137     0591-87905705
                                                    Wusi Road, Gulou District, Fuzhou, Fujian Province
11    Ningbo Branch Office         YAO Feng       Block 2 (15-1), No. 235 Heji Street, Jiangdong District,                0574-87033718
                                                    Ningbo, Zhejiang Province
12    Wenzhou Branch Office        PAN Ye         Rooms 702 and 703, 7/F, Fortune Center, No. 577 Station Avenue,         0577-88107230




                                                                                                                                              Management Discussion and Analysis
                                                    Wenzhou, Zhejiang Province
13    Sichuan Branch Office        HONG Wei       1/F, West Wing, La Defense Building, No. 1480 North Section of          028-63278899
                                                    Tianfu Avenue, Chengdu Hi-Tech Industrial Development Zone,
                                                    China (Sichuan) Pilot Free Trade Zone, Sichuan Province
14    Shaanxi Branch Office        SHI Lei        Room 02-03-04, 19/F, Unit 1, Building 1, Hesheng Jingguang Center,      029-88601239
                                                    No. 11 Tangyan Road, High-tech Zone, Xi’an, Shaanxi Province
15    Tianjin Branch Office        ZHANG Xinyu    7/F, Tianjin Technology Building, No. 23 Youyi Road,                    022-58816668
                                                    Hexi District, Tianjin
16    Inner Mongolia Branch        FAN Yaqiong    Jintailiwan No. 10 Complex, Siwei Road, Saihan District,                0471-5982233
        Office                                      Hohhot, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region
17    Anhui Branch Office          HAN Rui        Rooms 1-Shang-101 and 1-701-708, Block A, Jinding International         0551-65662889
                                                    Square, No. 287 Suixi Road, Luyang District, Hefei, Anhui Province
18    Shanxi Branch Office         ZHENG Wenhui   Shop 1, Northeast Corner of Hongsheng Times Financial Plaza, No. 1      0351-6191968
                                                    Jifu Road, Jinyuan District, Taiyuan, Shanxi Province
19    Yunnan Branch Office         ZHANG Rui      11/F, Block 2, Huahai Xinjingjie Commercial Building, Milesi New        0871-68353618
                                                    Village, Huancheng West Road, Xishan District, Kunming,
                                                    Yunnan Province
20    Hunan Branch Office          LUO Hua        2/F, New Century Building, No. 198 Second Section of Furong Middle      0731-85175379
                                                    Road, Tianxin District, Changsha, Hunan Province
21    Hebei Branch Office          QIU Zhenying   3501–3504, 35/F, Tower B, Letai Center, No. 39 Zhongshan                0311-66188908
                                                    East Road, Chang’an District, Shijiazhuang, Hebei Province
22    Chongqing Branch Office      HAN Han        5-1 (underground) and 12-1-2 of Citic Bank Building, No. 5 West         023-67518668
                                                    Avenue, Jiangbei Town, Jiangbei District, Chongqing
23    Hainan Branch Office         ZHU Yumei      1–2/F, Block B, East Area of Sheng Da Jing Du, No. 65 Guoxing           0898-65361268
                                                    Avenue, Meilan District, Haikou, Hainan Province
24    Guangxi Branch Office        LIU Yuyang     Room 1805, 18/F, Block C, China Resources Building, No. 136-5           0771-2539031
                                                    Minzu Avenue, Qingxiu District, Nanning, Guangxi Province
25    Gansu Branch Office          XU Ying        4/F, Lanzhou SOHO Tower, No. 9 Minzhu West Road,                        0931-8631255
                                                    Chengguan District, Lanzhou, Gansu Province
26    Ningxia Branch Office        WU Ligang      Room 301, Complex Commercial Building, No. 16 (formerly No. B4)         0951-5102568
                                                    Yuehai Xintiandi, East Side of Yinjiaqu and South Side of Zhenshui
                                                    Road, Jinfeng District, Yinchuan, Ningxia
27    Jilin Branch Office          LIU Mingxu     C101 on 1–2/F, C301 and C302 on 3/F, Tower C, Pearl Plaza, No. 8988     0431-81970899
                                                    Renmin Avenue, Nanguan District, Changchun, Jilin Province
28    Heilongjiang Branch Office   ZHAO Yong      No. 1150 Jinjiang Road, Daoli District, Harbin, Heilongjiang Province   0451-51176699




                                                                             CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report         65
Management Discussion and Analysis



                                 Responsible                                                                          Contact
 No.   Branch Office             Officer          Place of Business                                                   Method


 29    Jiaxing Branch Office     WU Jinglan       1/F (north side), 6/F and 7/F of Commercial and Office Complex at   0573-82069341
                                                    the Intersection of Zhongshan Road and Jishui Road,
                                                    Nanhu District, Jiaxing, Zhejiang Province
 30    Jinhua Branch Office      LI Qiang         1–4/F, Haiyang Building, No. 331 Zhongshan Road, Jinhua,            0579-82337102
                                                    Zhejiang Province
 31    Shaoxing Branch Office    TONG Weijia      No. 117 Pianmenzhi Street, Yuecheng District, Shaoxing,             0575-88096598
                                                    Zhejiang Province
 32    Taizhou Branch Office     LIN Binxian      Rooms 2001 and 103, Development and Investment Mansion, No. 188     0576-88896598
                                                    Fuzhong Road, Jiaojiang District, Taizhou, Zhejiang Province

Structured entities controlled by the Company
Please refer to Note 23 to the financial report for details of structured entities controlled by the Company.

Explanation of change in scope of statement consolidation
During the Reporting Period, the Company completed the acquisition of Guangzhou Securities as at 31 January 2020,
the number of structured entities which were included in the consolidation scope of the Company’s financial statements
changed to 10. The number of first-level units included in the consolidation scope of the Company’s financial statements
changed to 27.


No change in the income tax policy of the Company during the Reporting Period
From 1 January 2008, the Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國企業所得稅法》) and the Regulations
on the Implementation of Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC (《中華人民共和國企業所得稅法實施條例》) became
effective for the Company. The enterprise income tax computation and payment are governed by the requirements of
the Announcement of the State Administration of Taxation on Printing and Distributing the Administrative Measures for
Collection of Consolidated Payments of Enterprise Income Tax by the Enterprises with Trans-regional Operations (《國家
稅務總局關於印發<跨地區經營匯總納稅企業所得稅徵收管理辦法>的公告》) (Public Notice of the State Administration of
Taxation [2012] No. 57).The enterprise income tax rate applicable to the Company is 25%.


Core Competitiveness Analysis
In the course of 25 years of development, backed by powerful shareholder background, the Company has developed and
achieved a sound corporate governance structure, prospective strategic layout and complete business system, solid capital
strength and industry-leading operating results, profound customer resources, excellent corporate culture and core value, all
of which contribute to the core competitiveness of the Company.


Adhering to the development principle of “Seven Commitments”
The Company concludes the principle of “Seven Commitments” through 25-year development process, which serves as the
core value of the Company and also being constant motivation for corporate development: We adhere to the commitment
to the party’s leadership that provides sound political protection for corporate development; the commitment to the
business objective of following the national strategy and serving the real economy; the commitment to the client-oriented
business approach which allows us to achieve mutual development with clients; the commitment to operating philosophy
of compliance operations and stringent risk management; the commitment to innovation and entrepreneurship with a
persistent ambition; the commitment to the talent nurture strategy which is under people-focused and market-oriented
management; and the commitment to uphold and promote the excellent corporate culture and tradition of the Company.


66
Powerful shareholder background and sound corporate governance structure
The largest Shareholder of CITIC Securities is CITIC Corporation Limited. Founded on integrating the securities business
under CITIC Group, the Company has grown from a small and medium-sized securities company into a large integrated
securities group with the full support from CITIC Group. Listed on SSE in 2003 and on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
in 2011, the Company is China’s first listed securities company in terms of A share, H share and A+H share IPO. The
Company has formed a sound corporate governance structure centering on the Board, the Supervisory Committee and the
general meeting, which ensures the Company’s sustained healthy development under the long-term market-based operation
mechanism.




                                                                                                                                  Management Discussion and Analysis
Prospective strategic layout and complete business system
The Company has been exploring and putting into practice new business models over the years. It took the lead in the
industry in proposing and practicing the flow-based business and engages in business such as direct investment, bond
market-making and block trading; by acquisition and continuous cultivation, it has established its leading strength in futures,
fund, commodity and other business; it has expanded investment in business such as fixed income, margin financing and
securities lending, equity derivatives and alternative investment and established the financial market business system. The
Company has obtained qualifications for multiple businesses permitted by domestic regulatory authorities, forming a full-
product, full-market and full-business coverage landscape, with basic financial functions in investment, financing, trading,
payment and custody gradually improved.


Solid capital strength and industry-leading operating results
Since its establishment, the Company has boasted prominent strength of scale advantage in net capital, net assets and
total assets as well as remarkable profitability. With sustained leading position in the market in respect of investment
banking, wealth management, asset management, financial market, fixed income and other businesses, it has achieved
wide reputation and brand strength in domestic market. Over the years, the Company has won many awards granted by
Asiamoney, Financial Times, Forbes, SSE, SZSE and other domestic and overseas institutions.


Profound customer resources and extensive network layout
Over the past 25 years, the Company has accumulated a group of trustworthy strategic clients including Three Gorges
Corporation, China Yangtze Power and Industrial and Commercial Bank of China. At present, the Company has more than
10 million retail clients and 75,000 domestic corporate and institutional clients engaging in key fields of national economy,
achieving in-depth coverage of major central SOEs, important local SOEs and influential listed companies. The Company
has kept developing as driven by the philosophy of being client-centric and growing together with clients.


Chinese investment bank with the widest layout along the Belt and Road Initiative
CLSA, an overseas business platform under the Company, has set up branches in 13 countries and regions including
the UK, the US, Australia and Southeast Asia, with its research services covering more than 1,000 listed companies in
areas along the Belt and Road Initiative. It is the Chinese-funded securities company leading peers in the number of local
branches, research coverage, sales network and liquidation and settlement infrastructure in areas along the Belt and
Road Initiative and also an investment bank best fitting the Belt and Road Initiative in the world. With its unique industrial
position and accumulated strength, CLSA provides enterprises participating in the Belt and Road Initiative projects with
the best-quality and most effective services and advice regarding business fields such as cross-border acquisition in Asia,
establishment of joint ventures and in-depth understanding of local markets.




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report      67
Management Discussion and Analysis



Talent advantage under the market-based mechanism
The Company has continuously improved the market-based mechanism, explored the use of medium and long-term
incentive policies, improved the incentive and guarantee mechanism for talent, and thoroughly implemented strategy
of strengthening the enterprise with talents. The Company have implemented a more open talent policy, cultivated a
competitive reserve of young talents, increased the international talents reserve, strengthened professional training and
systematic training by business and level, and created a team of international talents with international vision, proficiency in
international operations and creative thinking.


Excellent corporate culture and core value
The Company has inherited excellent cultural genes of CITIC Group. Following CITIC’s style of “abiding by laws and
discipline and acting honestly, seeking truth from facts and innovation, being prudent and modest and advocating teamwork
spirit, being industrious and self-motivated and effective and resolute”, highlighting CITIC’s core value of “honesty,
innovation, cohesion, integration, devotion and excellence”, and keeping to CITIC’s development mission of “offering the
best services to clients, providing a platform for staff to accomplish their talent, creating maximum value for shareholders
and making the biggest contribution to the country”, the Company has gradually formed its operating philosophy of law
abidance, standardized management and strict risk control; forged the enterprising spirit of seeking excellence, striving
to make innovations and allowing trial and error; developed the crisis awareness of facing up to problems, respecting
market and actively seeking changes; cultivated the interpersonal style of staying humble, working hard, and being modest
and prudent; and formed the admirable tradition of being diligent, advocating conciseness, and abandoning redundant
formalities.


Risk Management
Overview
The Company has always believed that effective risk management and internal control are critical to its successful operation.
The Company has implemented comprehensive risk management mechanism and internal control processes, through which
it monitors, evaluates and manages the financial, operational, compliance and legal risks that it is exposed to in its business
activities, and implements vertical risk management of its subsidiaries through different models including business guidance,
operational support and decision-making management. The Company has established a complete and effective governance
structure in accordance with relevant laws, regulations and regulatory requirements. The Company’s general meeting, the
Board and Supervisory Committee perform their duties to oversee and manage the operation of the Company based on
the Company Law, Securities Law, and the Articles of Association of the Company. By strengthening the relevant internal
control arrangements and improving the Company’s internal control environment and internal control structures, the Board
has incorporated internal control and risk management as essential elements in the Company’s decision-making processes.


The Company has established an overall risk management system led by the Chief Risk Officer, in the charge of the
Risk Management Department and involving its departments/business lines, branches, subsidiaries and all its staff, and
is committed to building risk management as its core competitiveness. In 2020, the Company faced new challenges in
risk management due to the impact of COVID-19 and changes in the macro environment. In this special environment,
the Company continued to improve its risk management means and countermeasures to ensure the stable operation of
its comprehensive risk management system and the effective management and control of various risks. Meanwhile, the
Company promoted the integrated risk management at home and abroad as planned; the Company’s ability in consolidated
management was initially recognized by the regulatory authorities and the Company became one of the first pilot units for
consolidated supervision.




68
The Company is well aware that excellent overall risk management system and advanced information technology platform
are essential to achieve the development vision of “becoming a domestically leading and internationally first-class Chinese
investment bank most trusted by clients around the world”. Therefore, in recent years, the Company continued to increase
its resource contributions into compliance and risk control and information technology, intensified efforts in recruitment
of relevant professionals, and strengthened the building of financial technology platforms and the application of new
technologies such as big data and artificial intelligence, boosted building and optimization of the compliance and risk
control module in the professional compliance and risk control system and business system, and reinforce standardized and
automatic risk management process to achieve the systematic calculation and monitoring of various risks in global business.




                                                                                                                               Management Discussion and Analysis
Structure of risk management
The major organizational framework of the risk management of the Company consists of the Risk Management Committee
under the Board, the professional committees under the Operation Management, the relevant internal control departments
and business departments/business lines. The relatively comprehensive three-level risk management system enables a
network of collective decision making among the respective committees, and close cooperation between internal control
departments and business departments/business lines, and manages risks through review, decision, execution and
supervision. At the division and business line level, the Company has established three lines of defence in risk management,
that is, business departments/business lines to assume the primary responsibility for risk management, internal control
departments, including the Risk Management Department and the Compliance Department, to conduct professional
management of all types of risks, and the Audit Department to take charge of post-supervision and evaluation.


Level 1: The Board
The Risk Management Committee of the Board supervises the overall risk management of the Company with the aim
of controlling risks within an acceptable scope and ensuring the Company’s smooth implementation of effective risk
management schemes over risks relating to the operating activities; prepares overall risk management policies for the
Board’s review; formulates strategic structure and resources to be allocated for the Company’s risk management purposes
and keeps them in line with the Company’s internal risk management policies; sets boundaries for major risk indicators;
performs supervision and review on the relevant risk management policies and makes recommendation to the Board.


Level 2: Operation Management
The Company has established the Assets and Liabilities Management Committee. Within the authority delegated by the
Board and the Operation Management of the Company, the committee reviews and makes decisions on major issues and
relevant systems regarding the use of the Company’s proprietary capital. For the purpose of ensuring the Company’s capital
security, the committee optimizes assets allocation and improves the efficiency of the capital consumption via a scientific,
standardized management method and prudent approach under strict control and management over risk exposures.


The Company has established the Capital Commitment Committee. The committee performs final risk assessment and
reviews on capital commitment of the underwriting business within the authority delegated by the Board and the Operation
Management of the Company. All corporate finance business involving application of capital of the Company is subject to
the approval by the Capital Commitment Committee to ensure an acceptable level of risk exposure of the corporate finance
business and security of capital of the Company.




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report    69
Management Discussion and Analysis



The Company has established the Risk Management Committee. This committee reports to the Risk Management
Committee of the Board and the Operation Management of the Company, and is responsible for monitoring and managing
the daily risks of the Company within its designated authority, deciding on and approving material matters related to
risk management and relevant system and setting limits for risk. The Risk Management Committee comprises a risk
management sub-working group and a reputation risk management sub-working group. The risk management sub-working
group is the coordinating and decision-making body responsible for the daily monitoring and management of the financial
risks over the Company’s buy-side business and facilitating the execution of the decisions made by the Risk Management
Committee of the Company. With regular working meeting, the risk management sub-working group has set up specific
working groups led by specific risk management experts with the involvement of related business departments/business
lines separately in accordance with market risks, credit risks, liquidity risks and operational risks to respond to pending
matters from daily monitoring or decisions made by the higher authorities in a timely manner through the establishment
of coordination on the implementation level. The reputation risk management sub-working group is the daily management
body of reputation risks and is responsible for establishing relevant rules and management mechanisms, preventing and
identifying reputation risks, responding to and tackling reputation events in a proactive and effective manner and mitigating
any negative effect to the largest extent.


The Company has appointed the Chief Risk Officer to be responsible for coordinating the overall risk management work.


The Company has established the Product Committee. Under the authorization of the Board and the Operation
Management of the Company, the Product Committee uniformly makes plans, preparation and decisions regarding the
products and service business of the Company. It reviews and approves the launch or sales of products and related service
provided by the Company, and is the decision-making body of the launch and the suitability management of financial
products of the Company. The Risk Evaluation Group, Suitability Management Group and Index Professional Committee
(指數專業委員會) were established under the Product Committee. The Risk Evaluation Group is responsible for reviewing
the qualification of the principal which entrusted the Company to sell products, and is tasked with organizing the specific
product evaluation, establishing the classification criteria and methods of risks associated with products or services of the
Company, performing risk assessment and risk grading on products or services, as well as supervising the management of
product terms. The Suitability Management Group is responsible for formulating the criteria for investor classification and
principles and procedures for appropriate matching of investors, supervising departments to implement investor suitability
management work, organizing suitability training and suitability self-examination and rectification at the company level,
and supervising the establishment and improvement of investor suitability evaluation database and other work related to
suitability management. The Index Professional Committee is responsible for unified management of the planning, operation
and maintenance of the Company’s self-developed index business, including formulating the systems and standards for
the operation and maintenance of Company’s index business, specifying the treatment plan and accountability system for
risk events, making plans for the layout of such business, and conducting online review of the Company’s self-developed
indexes.


Level 3: Division/Business Lines
At the division and business line level, the Company has segregated the roles and responsibilities of the front office, middle
office and back office to ensure the establishment of a system of “checks and balances”, forming three lines of defence
in risk management jointly built by business departments/business lines, internal control departments including the Risk
Management Department and the Compliance Department, as well as the Audit Department.




70
Being the Company’s first line of defence in risk management, front-office business departments/business lines of the
Company bear the first-line responsibility for risk management. These departments are responsible for the establishment
of business management systems and risk management systems for various businesses and performing supervision,
assessment and reporting on business risks and maintaining such risks within the approved limits.


Internal control departments, such as the Risk Management Department and Compliance Department of the Company, are
the Company’s second line of defence in risk management, of which:




                                                                                                                               Management Discussion and Analysis
The Risk Management Department of the Company performs risk identification, measurement, analysis, monitoring,
reporting and management. The department analyzes and assesses the overall risks of the Company and each of its
business lines and recommends on optimized allocation of the Company’s risk resources; assists the Risk Management
Committee of the Company in the preparation of risk management indicators such as risk limits, as well as the supervision
and reporting on the execution of the risk limits; establishes and improves the timely reporting and feedback mechanism
among the front office, the Risk Management Department and the Operation Management, and regularly discloses
the general risk portfolio of the Company to the Operation Management in a comprehensive manner and makes
recommendations on risk management of the Company; establishes a comprehensive stress test mechanism as a basis for
major decision making and daily operational adjustment of the Company and fulfillment of regulatory requirements; performs
pre-risk assessment and control over new products and businesses.


The Compliance Department of the Company organizes the establishment and implementation of the basic compliance
system of the Company, provides compliance advice and consultation to the Operation Management, departments/business
lines and branches of the Company, monitors lawful compliance of management and operating activities; supervises and
instructs the departments/business lines and branches of the Company to assess, develop, modify and improve internal
management systems and business processes based on changes in laws, regulations and guidelines; performs compliance
pre-reviews on internal management systems, important decisions, new products, new businesses and key business
activities launched by the Company; fulfills the obligations of regular and non-regular reporting to regulatory authorities;
organizes and performs money laundering risk control in accordance with the anti-money laundering system of the
Company, etc.


The Legal Department of the Company is responsible for oversight of the legal risks of the Company and its relevant
businesses.


The Office of the Board of the Company promotes the management over the reputation risk of the Company in conjunction
with the General Manager’s Office, Risk Management Department, Compliance Department, Human Resources Department,
Legal Department, Information Technology Centre, Audit Department and other relevant departments.


The Information Technology Centre of the Company is responsible for managing the IT risks of the Company.


The Audit Department of the Company is the third line of defence in risk management and has the overall responsibility for
internal audit, planning and implementing internal audit of all departments/business lines of the Company, its subsidiaries
and branches, monitoring the implementation of internal control systems, preventing various moral and policy risks, and
assisting the Company with the investigation of emergency events.




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report    71
Management Discussion and Analysis



Other internal control departments exercise their respective risk management functions within the scope of their
responsibilities.


                                                                 Investors’ Interest

                                                                  General Meeting




                                                            Supervision of the Company

                                                                 Board of Directors                       Supervisory Committee

                                                            Risk Management Committee




                                                      Supervision of Operation Management




                     Assets and Liabilities        Capital Commitment               Risk Management
                                                                                                              Product Committee
                    Management Committee                Committee                       Committee
                                                                                 • Risk Management           • Risk Evaluation
                                                                                   Sub-Working Group           Group
                                                                                 • Reputation Risk           • Appropriateness
                                                                                   Management                  Management Group
                                                                                   Sub-Working Group


                           Independent Control and Supporting Departments                                Business Departments/
                                                                                                             Business Lines
                    • Audit Department   • Compliance Department
                                                                                                         Head of Administration
                                         • Risk Management       • Clearing & Settlement
                                            Department             Department                            Internal Control Officer
                                         • Legal Department      • Planning and Finance
                                                                   Department                          All business unit employees
                                         • Office of the Board   • Human Resources
                                                                   Department
                                         • Information           • General Manager’s
                                            Technology Centre      Office

                The third line of defense            The second line of defense                           The first line of defense


                                              Chart: Structure of the Risk Management




72
Market risk
Market risks represent potential losses due to movements in market prices of financial positions held. Financial positions
held are derived from the proprietary investment, market-making business and other investment activities. Movements in
the financial positions held primarily originated from instructions received from the customers or the relevant strategies of
proprietary investment.


Market risks primarily include equity price risk, interest rate risk, commodity price risk and foreign exchange rate risk. Among
which, equity price risk arises from fluctuation in the price and volatility of equity products such as stocks, equity portfolio




                                                                                                                                   Management Discussion and Analysis
and stock index futures. Interest rate risk primarily arises from movements in the yield curve of fixed income investment,
fluctuation in interest rates and credit spreads. Commodity price risk arises from adverse price movements of various
commodities. Exchange rate risk arises from fluctuations in exchange rates of non-domestic currency rates.


The Company has established a top-down risk quotas management system, which controls the overall market risk of the
Company within an acceptable level through allocating the overall risk of the Company to different business departments/
business lines, the monitoring and implementation by the internal control department, and by timely assessing and reporting
of significant risk matters.


The Company assesses, monitors and manages its overall market risks in a comprehensive manner through the Risk
Management Department, which is independent of the business departments/business lines, and its assessments and
monitoring results are reported to the respective business departments/business lines, the Operation Management and
the Risk Management Committee of the Company. In implementing market risk management, the front-office business
departments/business lines, with direct responsibility for market risks and as the frontline risk management team,
dynamically manage the market risks arising from its positions held, and actively take measures including reducing risk
exposures or conducting risk hedging when the exposures are relatively high. The relevant monitoring personnel from the
Risk Management Department will continuously communicate with the respective business departments/business lines
directly with regard to information on risk exposures, and discuss the status of risk portfolios and the extreme losses
situations.


The Risk Management Department estimates possible losses arising from market risks through a series of measurements,
including possible losses under normal market volatility and extreme market conditions. Under normal volatilities, the Risk
Management Department measures the possible losses of the Company in the short term mainly via VaR and sensitivity
analysis. Meanwhile, in extreme situations, the Risk Management Department measures the possible losses of the Company
via stress test. The risk report sets out the market risk portfolios and its changes in each of the business departments/
business lines. The report will be delivered on a daily, weekly, monthly or quarterly basis to the responsible officers of each
of the business departments/business lines and the Operation Management of the Company.


VaR represents the potential losses of investment portfolios held due to movements in market prices over a specified time
period and at a given level of confidence. The Company adopts VaR as a major indicator of its market risk measurement. The
calculation of specific parameter is based on a holding period of one trading day and a confidence level of 95%. VaR detects
exposures such as interest rate risk, equity price risk and exchange rate risk, and measures the movement of market risks
such as those arising from changes in interest rate curves, prices of securities and exchange rates. The Risk Management
Department constantly inspects the accuracy of VaR through backtesting and actively improves its calculation in line with the
expansion of the Company’s businesses. The Company also evaluates the possible losses in its positions arising from extreme




                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report      73
Management Discussion and Analysis



situations through stress tests. The Risk Management Department has established a series of macro and market scenarios
to calculate the possible losses to the Company with full position upon the concurrence of different events under a single or
multiple scenario(s). These scenarios include the occurrence of major setbacks in macro-economic conditions, significant and
adverse changes in major markets and extraordinary risk events. Stress tests constitute an integral part of the market risk
management of the Company. Through stress tests, the Company could focus more on the possible losses to the Company,
analyze its risk return and compare its risk resistant capacities, and evaluate whether the overall market risk portfolio of the
Company is within its expected limits.


The Company sets limits for its respective business departments/business lines to control fluctuations in profit or loss and
market exposures. The risk limits are monitored by the Risk Management Department on a daily basis. When risk level
is approaching or exceeds the threshold values, the Risk Management Department will warn the relevant management
officers, discuss with the respective business management officers, and in accordance with the opinion reached through
discussions, the business departments/business lines will reduce the exposures to comply with the risk limits, or may apply
for a temporary or permanent upgrade in the limits, and implement the upgraded limits after obtaining the approval by the
corresponding authorized personnel or organization.


The Company continues to modify the risk limits system, defines unified limit management measures and a hierarchical
authorization mechanism, and on the basis of such authorization mechanism, adjusts the measures for the management of
the system with different levels of risk limit indicators for the Company, its respective business departments/business lines
and investment accounts.


In respect of foreign assets and subsidiary assets, the Company implemented integrated management at home and
abroad. The Company keeps track of the risk by closely monitoring the value of the assets in the accounts on a daily basis,
and manages it from different angles, such as assets limit, VaR, sensibility analysis and stress test. In respect of foreign
currency assets, the Company takes overall monitoring and management on exchange rate risk, and manages exchange
risk exposure through a number of methods such as adjusting foreign currency positions, using forward exchange contract/
option hedging, currency swap contracts, and etc.


In 2020, the Company updated the administrative measures for the market risk limits, further refined the current limits
system, continued to promote the research and improvement of risk measurement methods, and added more types of risk
indicators, in order to better evaluate and manage and control its possible material loss specifically.


The Group closely kept track of market and business changes, promptly identified the latest market risk profile and
maintained good communication with relevant regulatory authorities and the Shareholders, with a view to timely control the
exposure to market risks.


Credit risk
Credit risk is the risk in respect of loss arising from the failure to perform obligations by a borrower, counterparty or issuer of
financial positions held, or the result of whose credit qualifications deteriorate.




74
The credit risk of the Group mostly arises from four aspects: firstly, the credit risk relating to brokerage business in respect
of securities dealing and futures trading on behalf of clients are primarily attributed to the Group’s failure to collect sufficient
margin deposits from clients, which is required to pay in advance according to the laws as the Group may have to undertake
the settlement responsibility on behalf of clients if the clients do not have sufficient funds to pay for the transaction, or short
at funds due to other factors on the settlement date; secondly, credit risk relating to the securities financing businesses
including margin financing and securities lending, stock repo, stock- pledged repo, which refers to the Group’s exposure
to losses caused by clients’ failure to perform the contracts; thirdly, default risk from credit product investment, which
refers to the risk of the Group’s asset losses and change in yield by reason of default or refusal to pay principal and interest




                                                                                                                                         Management Discussion and Analysis
on due dates by the financing parties or the issuers of the credit products the Group invested; and fourthly, counterparty
default risk in OTC derivative transactions such as interest rate swap, equity swap, OTC option and forwards, i.e. the risk
of counterparties failing to perform their payment obligations in accordance with contracts when the contracts reach the
mature dates.


The Company assesses the credit ratings of counterparties or issuers through its internal credit rating system, measures
its credit risk by means of stress test and sensitivity analysis, and manages such credit risk based on these results through
credit approval mechanism. Meanwhile, the Company uses its information management system to monitor its credit risk on
a real time basis, keeps track of the credit risk of its business products and transaction counterparties, provides analysis
and pre-warning reports, and adjust its credit limits in a timely manner.


Securities brokerage business transaction in Mainland China are all required to be settled in full by security deposit, as a
result of which the settlement risk associated with brokerage business has been largely controlled.


Credit risk arising from the securities financing business primarily includes clients’ provision of false information, failure to make
full repayment in a timely manner, contractual breach of portfolio limits and compositions, violation of regulatory requirements
for trading activities, and provision of collateral encumbered with legal disputes, and etc. Credit risk arising from this type of
businesses is mainly controlled through client education, credit reference checks, credit approval, daily mark to market, risk
reminders to clients, forced liquidation of clients’ positions, judicial recourse and other means.


For credit products investment, in respect of private equity investment, the Company has established the entrance levels
and investment caps for its products and will manage its credit risk through risk assessment, risk reminders and judicial
recourse, and in respect of public offering investments, through the counterparty credit approval policy, the Company has
developed certain investment restrictions based on the credit ratings.


The counterparties in OTC derivative transactions are mainly financial institutions and other professional institutions and the main
risks are their failure to make payments on time, their failure to cover the security deposits in a timely manner in case of losses
in investments, and discrepancy between the amounts calculated by the parties. The Company sets certain proportions for the
security deposits of counterparties and restrictions on the transaction size, controls the credit risk exposure of counterparties
through daily mark to market, margin calls and forced liquidation of clients’ positions, as well as claim the losses through judicial
procedures if losses occurs after the forced liquidation of clients’ positions.




                                                                        CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report       75
Management Discussion and Analysis



Due to the lack of comparability between credit rating results issued by domestic credit rating agencies and by foreign credit
rating agencies, the credit risk exposure is stated separately as follows:


Credit risk exposure of investments in bonds (by domestic rating agencies)


                                                                                                                                 In RMB ten thousand


 Investment Rating                                                                              31 December 2020                 31 December 2019


 China’s Sovereign Credit Rating                                                                             4,645,709                       1,020,088
 AAA                                                                                                         6,951,854                       9,269,027
 AA                                                                                                          1,886,740                       1,245,410
 A                                                                                                               25,349                              139
 A-1                                                                                                             64,532                        481,523
 Others                                                                                                      1,559,341                       2,647,961


 Total exposure                                                                                             15,133,525                     14,664,148

Note: AAA~A represents rating for debts with maturity over one year, of which AAA represents the highest rating; A-1 represents the highest rating for debts
      with maturity within one year; AA includes products with AA+, AA and AA- actual ratings; A includes products with A+, A and A- actual ratings; others
      refer to products with ratings below A- (excluding A-) and those without external debt ratings.


Credit risk exposure of investments in bonds (by foreign rating agencies)


                                                                                                                                 In RMB ten thousand


 Investment Rating                                                                               31 December 2020                 31 December 2019


 A                                                                                                                    990                          3,823
 B                                                                                                               621,323                        716,418
 C                                                                                                               705,817                        786,972
 D                                                                                                                13,627                              567
 NR                                                                                                              -69,095                       -679,863


 Total exposure                                                                                               1,272,662                         827,917

Note: The foreign bond rating is chosen as the lowest of the ratings granted by Moody’s, Standard & Poor’s and Fitch Ratings (if any); NR is recorded when no
      rating has been granted by any of the three agencies. Of which, A represents products with ratings of Aaa~Aa3 by Moody’s, AAA~AA- by Standard & Poor’s
      and AAA~AA- by Fitch Ratings; B represents products with ratings of A1~Baa3 by Moody’s, A+~BBB- by Standard & Poor’s and A+~BBB- by Fitch Ratings;
      C represents products with ratings of Ba1~B3 by Moody’s and BB+~B- by Standard & Poor’s, and BB+~B- by Fitch Ratings; D represents products with
      ratings of Caa1~D by Moody’s, CCC+~D by Standard & Poor’s, and CCC+~D by Fitch Ratings.




76
The Group continued to maintain strict risk management standards for its securities financing business from a multiple
perspective in terms of pledge ratio, collaterals, security deposits ratio, concentration, liquidity, durations and etc., and
managed its credit risk exposure through timely mark to market.


As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group maintained an average margin ratio of 305% for the Group’s margin
financing and securities lending clients with outstanding liabilities; the Group’s stock repo clients had no liabilities; the size of
the stock-pledged repo business which uses the Group’s proprietary fund amounted to RMB31,484 million, with an average
margin ratio of 336%; and the size of the stock-pledged repo business operated through asset management products




                                                                                                                                        Management Discussion and Analysis
managed by the Group amounted to RMB21,832 million.


Liquidity risk
Liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Company fails to obtain sufficient capital with reasonable cost and in a timely manner
to pay its overdue debts, perform other payment obligations and satisfy capital requirements for normal business operations.
The Company has consistently adhered to the overall operation of capital. The responsibilities for centralized management
of fund allocation lie within the Treasury Department. In respect of the domestic stock exchanges and interbank market, the
Company has a relatively high credit rating, and has secured stable channels for short-term financing, such as borrowing
and repurchases. At the same time, the Company has replenished its long-term working capital through public or private
offering of corporate bonds, subordinated bonds, income vouchers and the like to enable the Company to maintain its
overall liquidity at a relatively secured level.


In addition, the Risk Management Department independently monitors and assesses the fund and debt positions of the
Company over a future time span on a daily basis. It measures the solvency of the Company via analysis of matching
between assets and liabilities on a specified point of time and within a time period, and the measurement of indicators
including funding gap ratio. The Company has established a liquidity reserve pool system with sufficient high-liquidity assets
to meet its emergency liquidity needs, and the Risk Management Department monitors the size and liquidity of the reserve
pool on a daily basis. The Risk Management Department releases a liquidity risk report on a daily basis and reports on the
status of the Company’s assets and liabilities, the implementation of liquidity risk quota, the situation of the reserve pool and
other situations. The Company also sets warning threshold values for liquidity risk indicators, and once exceeded, the Risk
Management Department will warn the risk to the Risk Management Committee, the management and relevant departments
of the Company through relevant systems, and appropriate actions will be taken by the relevant competent departments to
adjust the liquidity risks exposed to a level within the permitted ranges.


In 2020, in view of environment from easy to gradually return to normal for market liquidity, the Company strengthened
its close monitoring and daily management on liquidity risks, to ensure that its liquidity was maintained in good condition,
and the liquidity regulatory indicators constantly met regulatory standards. In 2020, the Risk Management Department
took the lead in carrying out two liquidity risk stress tests at the group level to evaluate liquidity pressure under extreme
circumstances, and sorted out the liquidity risk management mechanism of the parent and subsidiary companies to ensure
a secured liquidity of the Company.




                                                                      CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report        77
Management Discussion and Analysis



Operational risk
Operational risk is the risk of losses to the Company arising from flawed internal processes, breakdown of information
system, fault or misconduct of staff, external factors and other reasons.


During the Reporting Period, all the established management tools were on continuous effective operation. The Company
carried out assessment and review on new products and new businesses, streamlined business processes, and approval
of measures and policies to improve its internal control procedures and to control risk exposures on an ongoing basis;
made early warning and analysis of the operational risk in time through key risk indicator (KRI) monitoring, the amount of
KRI has steadily increased and the pertinence has strengthened continuously; investigated and reported on risk events and
followed corrective measures so as to mitigate risks in a timely manner. Cultivated employees with operational risk concepts,
improved the awareness of operational risk through organizing various forms of training. Through continuous improvement
of the operational risk management system functions and the supporting OA procedures, and assisted by automated
devices to support the daily management of operational risk, the efficiency and effectiveness of operational risk management
can be continuously improved.




78
Report of the Board
Review of Business
Business review
The Group is principally engaged in investment banking, wealth management, asset management, financial markets and
other related financial services (please refer to “Management Discussion and Analysis” in this report for the Group’s principal
businesses, business models and key performance drivers during the Reporting Period).


Details of the development stages, cyclical characteristics of the industry in which the Group operates and the industry
positions of the Group are as below:


China has entered a new stage of development and is to build a new development pattern, which has provided a rare




                                                                                                                                        Report of the Board
opportunity for the development of the securities industry. At the Fifth Plenary Session of the 19th Central Committee of
the Communist Party of China, a major strategic plan was made to build a new development pattern. The key of building a
new development pattern is to smooth the economic cycle and to focus on increasing domestic demand and the extent of
opening up, so as to achieve a higher level of allocation and optimization of factors and resources. As the core of modern
financial system, the capital market plays a pivotal role in optimizing the allocation of resources and promoting a high-level
circulation of science and technology, capital and the real economy, allowing more factors and resources to be allocated
to those fields featuring high efficiency. It is an important platform where financial services serve for the real economy, and
will strongly promote scientific and technological innovation, improvement of the industry chain and the supply chain, and
expansion and upgrading of consumption, etc. The reform measures, such as the full implementation of the stock-issue
registration system and the increase in the proportion of direct financing, has brought multiple structural opportunities,
which will in general increase the efficiency of the capital market, facilitate equity financing, highlight the premiums of high-
quality companies and constantly optimize industrial institutions. The strategic position of the capital market in building a
new development pattern will be further enhanced and its supporting role will be further highlighted. The development of
the capital market requires professional institutions with sound market liquidity, comprehensive financial products, diversified
financing methods and risk pricing capabilities. It also requires securities companies to play the role of “financial arrangers”,
“wealth managers”, “trading services and liquidity providers”, “important market investors” and “risk managers” which
provides rare opportunities for the comprehensive development of the securities industry.


The key financial indicators of the Company are set out in “Key Financial Data” of this report.


Principal risks and uncertainties
Principal risks to which the Company is exposed include market risk, credit risk, liquidity risk and operational risk. For the
objectives and policies of risk management of the Company, please refer to “Risk Management” in this report. For major
risks and uncertainties to which the Company is exposed in 2020, please refer to “Possible risks exposure” in this report.


Relevant laws and regulations with significant impact
Adhering to the philosophy of operating in compliance with laws and regulations for a long time, the Company complies with
the national laws, administrative regulations and various rules and normative documents promulgated by regulatory authorities.
In 2020, in accordance with regulatory provisions and business management requirements of the Company, the Company
formulated and revised a series of internal management systems to enhance its internal control and management level and
improve compliance management systems; formulated and improved business management systems and processes to timely
implement all the requirements of regulatory authorities and self-regulatory organizations in all of its business lines; continuously
strengthened the publicity and training of laws and compliance culture to enhance the awareness of active prevention from




                                                                      CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report        79
Report of the Board



compliance risks in the course of business operations among business lines. The Company has achieved overall compliance in
its operation and management activities. The compliance and risk management mechanism of the Company runs well and no
material systematic compliance risks have been detected.


Environmental policies and performance
The Company aims to promote the green development of the real economy through financial services, and has achieved
significant economic, social and environmental effects. In 2020, the Company supported environmental protection technology
enterprises and new energy enterprises to raise RMB22,951 million in total via green equity financing. The proceeds raised were
all used for green industry projects in accordance with the requirements of the relevant laws and regulations and the approval of
the regulatory authorities.


In addition, the Company proactively embraces the philosophy of green operation by taking a series of environmental protection
measures for energy conservation and emissions reduction in office buildings and data centers to minimize the impact of its
operations on the environment. The Company practices green procurement and gives priority to eco-friendly products. Employees
are also encouraged to develop environmental awareness and chip in the construction of ecological civilization with actions so as
to promote the harmonious coexistence of human and nature.


For other information relating to environmental policies and performance, please refer to the 2020 Social Responsibility Report
published by the Company separately on the same date of the 2020 Annual Results Announcement of the Company.


Significant subsequent events
Since the end of the Reporting Period to the date of publication of this report, save as those disclosed in “Others” and Note 61
to the Consolidated Financial Statements as set out in this report, there was no other subsequent event which had a material
impact on the Group.


Future development/forward-looking
Please refer to “Development strategy of the Company” and “Business plan for 2021” of this report on prospects of the
Company’s future development.


Profit Distribution and Proposed Dividend
Profit distribution policy
The Articles of Association of the Company specify that the profit distribution plans, particularly the decision-making
procedures and mechanisms for the cash dividend plans, clarify the priority of cash dividend in the profit distribution.


The profit shall be distributed in the form of cash, stock shares, or a combination of both. Priority will be given to cash
dividend payment when the conditions for cash dividend are fulfilled. The percentages of distribution shall be drafted by the
Board according to the situation of the Company and the requirements of the CSRC, and shall be approved by the general
meeting; the Company shall, in principle, make one profit distribution each year when the conditions for dividend payment are
fulfilled, but the Company may distribute dividends in an interim period according to its profitability and capital requirements;
where the Board fails to prepare a plan for the annual cash profit distribution when the Company has earned a profit, the
Company shall, according to the requirements of the relevant regulatory authorities, disclose the reasons for the failure in
its regular report; and where any shareholder misappropriates any fund of the Company in violation of laws or regulations,
the Company shall, before distributing the profit, deduct the amount so misappropriated by such shareholder from the cash
amount to be distributed to such shareholder.



80
The Company shall, in formulating its profit distribution plan, consider both internal and external factors, and do its best to
ensure that the annual profit distribution scale is not less than 20% of the net profit attributable to shareholders of the parent
company for that year.


When the profit and accumulated undistributed profit for the year is positive, the cash flows are sufficient to fund the
Company’s normal operation and long-term development and the implementation of the cash dividend plan will not affect
the Company’s on-going operation, the Company may make profit distribution in the form of cash. The Company shall,
taking into consideration factors such as industry characteristics, the Company’s development stage, business operation
model, profitability level and whether there are significant capital expenditure arrangements, develop differentiated cash
dividend policies to be applicable in the following different situations: (1) where the Company is at a sophisticated stage of




                                                                                                                                                Report of the Board
development and has no significant capital expenditure arrangements, the cash dividend payout ratio in the profit distribution
shall reach a minimum of 80%; (2) where the Company is at a sophisticated stage of development and has any significant
capital expenditure arrangement, the cash dividend payout ratio in the profit distribution shall reach a minimum of 40%; (3)
where the Company is at a growth stage of development and has any significant capital expenditure arrangement, the cash
dividend payout ratio in the profit distribution shall reach a minimum of 20%; and (4) where the Company’s development
stage is difficult to be defined but the Company has any significant capital expenditure arrangement, the preceding
provisions may still be followed.


Profit distribution plans/proposals for the past three years

                                                                                                                             In RMB Yuan


                                                                                                            Net profit
                                                                                                        attributable to
                                                                                                            holders of         Percentage of
                                                                                                      ordinary shares              net profit
                                                                                                          of the listed          attributable
                                                                                                             Company            to holders of
                                                                                                      as shown in the      ordinary shares of
                           Number of          Amount of                                                  consolidated     the listed Company
                         bonus shares       dividend for                                                      financial      as shown in the
                             for every              every       Capitalization   Amount of cash        statements for           consolidated
Year of                     10 shares          10 shares     shares for every           dividend           the year of              financial
distribution                   (share)     (tax inclusive)   10 shares (share)     (tax inclusive)        distribution        statements (%)


2020                                0              4.0000                   0    5,170,710,411.60    14,902,324,215.75                 34.70
2019                                0              5.0000                   0    6,463,388,014.50    12,228,609,723.82                 52.85
2018                                0              3.5000                   0    4,240,917,940.00     9,389,895,989.94                 45.16




                                                                         CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report               81
Report of the Board



Profit distribution plan for 2020:


The Company’s profit available for distribution for the year of 2020 amounts to RMB42,723,141,251.16, which
was calculated based on the retained profit of the Company at the beginning of 2020, which amounted to
RMB36,844,385,889.87, the net profit of RMB12,342,143,375.79 realized by the Company in 2020 and after deduction of
the 2019 cash dividends of RMB6,463,388,014.50.


Pursuant to the Company Law, Securities Law, Financial Rules for Financial Enterprises, Interim Measures on Supervision
and Administration of the Provisions of Risk of Public Offering of Securities Investment Funds, Guiding Opinions on
Regulating Asset Management Business of Financial Institutions and the Articles of Association of the Company, the net
profit of the Company for 2020 is proposed to be appropriated in the following sequences:


1.    to appropriate RMB406,048,086.00 to the statutory reserve (after this appropriation, the Company’s accumulated
      amount of the statutory reserve has reached 50% of its registered capital);


2.    to appropriate RMB1,234,214,337.58 to the general provisions of risk for 2020;


3.    to appropriate RMB1,234,214,337.58 to the provisions of risk for transactions for 2020;


4.    to appropriate RMB4,774,690.80 to the provisions of risk for custody business for 2020;


5.    to appropriate RMB65,868,164.27 to the provisions of risk for collective asset management business for 2020.


The above withdrawals amount to RMB2,945,119,616.23 in total.


Net of the above withdrawals, the profit of the parent company available for distribution to the investors for the year of 2020
amounts to RMB39,778,021,634.93.


In consideration of composite factors such as the future development of the Company and the interests of the Shareholders,
the Company proposes the profit distribution plan of 2020 as follows:


1.    The Company proposes to adopt cash dividend payment method for its 2020 profit distribution (i.e. 100% cash
      dividend) and distribute a dividend of RMB4.00 for every 10 Shares (tax inclusive) to the A Shareholders and H
      Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members of the Company on the Record Date. Based on
      the number of total issued shares of the Company as at the date of the Board meeting for approving the proposed
      profit distribution plan of 2020, i.e. 12,926,776,029 Shares, the cash dividend proposed to be distributed totals
      RMB5,170,710,411.60 (tax inclusive), representing 34.70% of the net profit attributable to the owners of the parent as
      shown in the 2020 consolidated financial statements. In the event of change in total share capital of the Company after
      the date of the above-mentioned Board meeting but before the Record Date for payment of the cash dividend, the
      total distribution amount will be kept unchanged and the rate will be adjusted accordingly. The outstanding balance of
      the retained profit distributable for 2020 will be carried forward to the next year.




82
2.    Cash dividend is denominated and declared in RMB and payable in RMB to the A Shareholders and in HKD to the H
      Shareholders. The actual amounts to be paid in HKD will be calculated based on the average benchmark exchange
      rate for Renminbi to HKD as announced by the People’s Bank of China for the five business days before the date of
      the 2020 Annual General Meeting of the Company.


After the 2020 profit distribution plan is approved by the 2020 Annual General Meeting of the Company, payment of the
2020 cash dividend will be made before 31 August 2021. The Company will publish separate announcement on the Record
Date and book closure period for the payment of the dividends to H Shareholders, as well as the Record Date and the date
for the payment of the dividends to A Shareholders.




                                                                                                                                       Report of the Board
Tax Deduction and Exemption
A Shareholders
Pursuant to Notice on Issues Concerning the Implementation of Differentiated Individual Income Tax Policies on Dividends and
Bonuses of Listed Companies (Cai Shui [2012] No. 85) and Notice on Issues Concerning Differentiated Individual Income Tax
Policies on Dividends and Bonuses of Listed Companies (Cai Shui [2015] No. 101) issued by the Ministry of Finance, the State
Administration of Taxation and the CSRC, for dividends obtained from listed companies by individual investors, if the holding
period between the date of obtaining the Company’s Shares by the individual investor and the record date is more than one
year, individual income tax shall be exempted; if the holding period between the date of obtaining the Company’s Shares by the
individual investor and the record date is less than one year (inclusive), listed companies temporarily are not required, in respect
of their individual income tax, to pay withholding tax, subject to corresponding adjustment to be made in accordance with the
aforementioned Notices at the time when the individual investors transferred their respective Shares.


For Shareholders who are resident enterprises, the income tax on their cash dividends shall be payable by themselves.


For Qualified Foreign Institutional Investors (QFII), listed companies are required to withhold and pay enterprise income tax
at a rate of 10% pursuant to the requirements of the Notice Concerning the Relevant Questions on the Withholding and
Payment of Enterprise Income Tax Relating to the Payment of Dividends, Bonus and Interest by PRC Resident Enterprises
to QFII of the State Administration of Taxation (Guo Shui Han [2009] No. 47). Shareholders who are QFII and who wish to
enjoy the treatment of tax treaties (arrangements) shall apply to the competent taxation authority for tax rebates according to
the relevant rules and regulations after they receive the dividends.


Pursuant to the requirements of the Notice of the Ministry of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation, and the CSRC on
Taxation Policies concerning the Pilot Program of an Interconnection Mechanism for Transactions in the Shanghai and Hong Kong
Stock Markets (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81), for dividends derived by investors (including enterprise and individual investors) in the
Hong Kong market from investing in A shares listed on SSE, and prior to Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited is able
to furnish the identity, holding period and other detailed data of investors in the Hong Kong market to CSDC, the differentiated tax
policy based on the holding period of shares will temporarily not be implemented. Listed companies shall withhold income tax at a
tax rate of 10% and make withholding and payment filings with their competent tax authorities. For those investors in Hong Kong
who are tax residents of other countries and the income tax rate applicable to dividends is lower than 10% under the tax treaties
between China and their residence countries, enterprises or individuals may by themselves or ask the withholding and payment
agent to act on their behalf to apply to the competent tax authorities of the listed companies for the application of preferential
treatment under the tax treaties. With the approval of the competent tax authorities, the difference between the tax paid and the
payable tax calculated at the rate as prescribed under the corresponding tax treaty shall be refunded.




                                                                       CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report      83
Report of the Board



H Shareholders
Pursuant to the requirements of the Notice of the State Administration of Taxation on Issues Concerning Individual
Income Tax Collection and Management after the Repeal of Guo Shui Fa [1993] No. 045 (Guo Shui Han [2011] No. 348),
the dividends received by overseas resident individual shareholders from the shares issued by domestic non foreign-
invested enterprises in Hong Kong is subject to the payment of individual income tax according to the items of “interests,
dividend and bonus income”, which shall be withheld and paid by the withholding and payment agents according to
the relevant laws. The overseas resident individual shareholders who hold the shares issued by domestic non foreign-
invested enterprises in Hong Kong are entitled to the relevant preferential tax treatment pursuant to the provisions in the tax
agreements signed between the countries where they are residents and China or the tax arrangements between Mainland
and Hong Kong (Macau). The relevant dividend tax rate under the relevant tax agreements and tax arrangements is generally
10%, and for the purpose of simplifying tax collection and administration, domestic non foreign-invested enterprises
issuing shares in Hong Kong may, when distributing dividend, generally withhold and pay individual income tax at the rate
of 10%, and are not obligated to file an application. In circumstances where the tax rate for dividend is not equal to 10%,
the following provisions shall apply: (1) for citizens from countries under agreements subject to tax rates lower than 10%,
in accordance with the Measures for the Administration of Non-Resident Taxpayers’ Enjoyment of Treaty Benefits (《非居
民納稅人享受協定待遇管理辦法》) (State Taxation Administration Announcement 2019 No. 35) (國家稅務總局公告2019年
第35號), for Individual H Shareholders whose country of domicile is a country which has entered into a tax treaty with the
PRC stipulating a dividend tax rate of less than 10%, such H Shareholders shall actively submit statements to the Company
to entitle the preferential treatment and relevant information shall be kept for future reference. If the information provided is
complete, the Company will withhold it in accordance with the PRC tax laws and regulations and agreements; (2) for citizens
from countries under agreements subject to tax rates higher than 10% but lower than 20%, the withholding and payment
agents shall withhold and pay individual income tax at the agreed effective tax rate at the time of distribution of dividends
(bonus), and are not obligated to file an application; (3) for citizens from countries without tax agreements or under other
circumstances, the withholding and payment agents shall withhold and pay individual income tax at a tax rate of 20% at the
time of distribution of dividends.


Pursuant to the requirements of the Notice on the Issues Concerning Withholding and Paying the Enterprise Income Tax on
the Dividends Paid by Chinese Resident Enterprises to H Shareholders Which Are Overseas Non-resident Enterprises (Guo
Shui Han [2008] No. 897) of the State Administration of Taxation, a PRC resident enterprise, when distributing dividends for
the year 2008 and the years thereafter to H Shareholders which are overseas non-resident enterprises, shall be subject to
enterprise income tax withheld and paid at a uniform rate of 10%.


Pursuant to the requirements of the Notice of Ministry of Finance, the State Administration of Taxation, and the CSRC on
Taxation Policies concerning the Pilot Program of an Interconnection Mechanism for Transactions in the Shanghai and
Hong Kong Stock Markets (Cai Shui [2014] No. 81) and Notice on Taxation Policy concerning the Pilot Program of an
Interconnection Mechanism for Transactions in the Shenzhen and Hong Kong Stock Markets (Cai Shui [2016] No. 127),
for dividends derived by Mainland individual investors from investing in H shares listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
through Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect, H-share companies shall withhold
individual income tax at a tax rate of 20% for the investors. For dividends derived by Mainland securities investment funds
from investing in shares listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange through Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen
Hong Kong Stock Connect, the above rules also apply and individual income tax shall be levied on dividends derived
therefrom. For dividends derived by Mainland enterprise investors from investing in shares listed on Hong Kong Stock
Exchange through Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect or Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock Connect, the company of such




84
H shares will not withhold the income tax of dividends for domestic enterprise investors and those domestic enterprise
investors shall report and pay the relevant tax themselves. For dividends derived by Mainland resident enterprises where the
relevant H shares have been continuously held for more than 12 months, the enterprise income tax thereon will be exempt
according to the laws and regulations.


Under the current practice of the Hong Kong Inland Revenue Department, no tax is payable in Hong Kong in respect of
dividends paid by the Company.


Shareholders of the Company are taxed and/or enjoy tax relief in accordance with the aforementioned regulations.




                                                                                                                               Report of the Board
Use of Proceeds
During the Reporting Period, the Company publicly issued 12 tranches of corporate bonds with an aggregate issuance
amount of RMB65 billion, and non-publicly issued a tranche of corporate bonds with an issuance amount of RMB5.6 billion
and a tranche of subordinated bonds with an issuance amount of RMB2 billion to replenish working capital of the Company
and repay debt financing instruments; the Company issued 13 tranches of short-term commercial papers with an aggregate
issuance amount of RMB61 billion to replenish working capital; the Company issued 2,517 tranches of beneficiary certificates
with an aggregate issuance amount of RMB108.106 billion to replenish working capital of the Company.


In accordance with the relevant requirements of the Administrative Measures for the Issuance and Transactions of Corporate
Bonds, the Company established special accounts for the proceeds from issuance of each tranche of corporate bonds and
subordinated bonds for the collection, storage and transfer of proceeds, and the collection and management of the payment
of interest and redemption of principal.


As at the end of the Reporting Period, proceeds of each tranche of bonds were used up and was used in line with the
purpose, usage plan and other agreements in the offering circular.


Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Securities
During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor its subsidiaries purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s
listed securities.


Biographical Details of the Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
Biographical details of the Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management are set out in “Major working experience of the
incumbent Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” of this report.


Directors’ and Supervisors’ Service Contracts
The Directors’ Service Contracts and the Supervisors’ Service Contracts were entered into by the Company with
each of the Directors of the Seventh Session of the Board and each of the Supervisors of the Seventh Session of the
Supervisory Committee. The term of office of the Directors and the Supervisors commenced from the date of election by
the Shareholders at a general meeting of the Company and the obtaining of the relevant qualifications for the appointment
(whichever is later) until the expiry date of the term of office of the Seventh Session of the Board and the Supervisory
Committee. (The Directors’ Service Contracts and the Supervisors’ Service Contracts set out the Directors’ and the
Supervisors’ appointments, terms of office, duties, remuneration and expenses, non-competition, confidentiality obligations,
termination of appointments, breach of contract and arbitration, etc.).




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   85
Report of the Board



In addition, none of the Directors or Supervisors entered into a service agreement with the Company or its subsidiaries
which could not be terminated within one year without paying compensation (other than statutory compensation).


Permitted Indemnity Provisions
In 2020, no permitted indemnity provision (whether made by the Company or otherwise) was made or in force for the benefit
of the Directors or any directors of the associated companies of the Company (if made by the Company).


The Company has purchased insurance for the Directors against legal liabilities arising from performance of their duties. The
governing law of relevant insurance policies was PRC law. The Company reviews the coverage of such insurance each year.
During the year, there were no claims for compensation against the Directors or Senior Management.


Management Contracts
During the Reporting Period, no management or administrative contracts were entered into or subsisting in respect of the
whole or a substantial part of any business of the Company.


Remuneration Policies
The details of remuneration policies and share incentive scheme in respect of the Directors, Supervisors and Senior
Management are set out in “Remuneration of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management for the year” and “Share
incentives regarding Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management” of this report.


Details of the Company’s employee remuneration policies and employee compensations are set out in “Remuneration
policy” and Note 10 to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this report.


Directors’ and Supervisors’ Interests in Material Contracts
The Company or its subsidiaries did not enter into any contract of significance in which the Directors or Supervisors had a
material interest, whether directly or indirectly, during the Reporting Period.


Directors’ Interests in Businesses Competing with the Company
None of the Directors has interests in any business which competes with businesses of the Company.




86
Directors’, Supervisors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in Shares,
Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company or its Associated Corporations
As at 31 December 2020, the following persons had interests or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares and
debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (as defined in Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance),
which were required, pursuant to Section 352 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance, to be entered into the register referred to
therein, or required, pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers set out in Appendix 10
to the Hong Kong Listing Rules, to be notified to the Company and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange as follows.

                                                                                                                   Percentage of




                                                                                                                                      Report of the Board
                                                                                                                 Total Number of
                                                                                                                         Shares
                                                                                                   Number of                 of the
                                                   Nature of                 Class of             Shares Held          Company
 Name                 Position                     Interest                  Shares                   (shares)                 (%)


 ZHANG Youjun         Chairman and Executive       Personal Interest         A Shares                     374          0.000003
                        Director

Pursuant to the Securities and Futures Ordinance, the chief executive who was required to disclose his interests to the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange was the General Manager and did not include other Senior Management personnel. For details of the
shareholdings of other Senior Management, please refer to “Changes in the Shares held by and information on remuneration
of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management held office or resigned during the Reporting Period or as at the date of
the 2020 Annual Results Announcement of the Company” of this report. In addition, as of 31 December 2020, no other
Directors, Supervisors or Senior Management or their respective spouses or children under 18 years of age had been
granted equity securities or warrants of the Company.


Pre-emptive Rights
The Company was incorporated in accordance with the PRC laws with no arrangement regarding pre-emptive rights.


Reserves and Reserves for Distributable Profits
Please refer to the “Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity” and Note 50 to the Consolidated Financial Statements of
this report for details of changes in the reserves and the reserves for distributable profits of the Company.


Fixed Assets
Please refer to Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this report for details of the Group’s fixed assets as at
31 December 2020.


Major Clients and Suppliers
The Company serves institutional and individual clients in various sectors. The Company’s clients range from multinational
corporations and SMEs to high-net-worth clients and retail customers. The clients are primarily located in China. The
Company expects to serve more overseas clients as the Company taps into overseas market in the future. In 2020, the
revenue from rendering services attributable to the Group’s five largest clients accounted for less than 30% of the total
revenue of the Group.




                                                                       CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report       87
Report of the Board



Save as disclosed above, none of the Directors, Supervisors and their respective associates as well as Shareholders holding
more than 5% of the issued share capital of the Company has any interests in any of the five largest clients of the Company.
The Company has no major supplier due to the nature of its business.

Relationship with Employees, Clients, Suppliers and Persons Who are Materially Related
Employees’ remuneration of the Company consists of base annual salary, performance-based annual salary, special rewards
and insurance benefits. The Company continues to promote and implement staff training programs with comprehensive
planning, implementation by levels and clear purposes. For details about the remuneration and training plans for employees
of the Company, please refer to “Remuneration policy” and “Training program” of this report. The Company, CITIC Securities
(Shandong) and CITIC Securities South China had 13 securities brokers, of which 8 were brokers of the Company. For
information on relationship between the Company and its securities brokers, please refer to “Information on brokers” of this
report. For information on relationship between the Company and its major clients and suppliers, please refer to “Major Clients
and Suppliers” of this report.

Sufficient Public Float
At the time of listing of the H Shares, the Hong Kong Stock Exchange granted a waiver to the Company, accepting the
minimum public float of the Company for the H Shares to be the higher of: (i) 10% of the total issued share capital; or (ii) the
percentage of H Shares held by the public immediately after the completion of the global offering (including the H Shares
issued pursuant to the exercise of the over-allotment option and the transfer and conversion of the relevant State- owned
shares into H Shares pursuant to the PRC regulations on reduction of State-owned shares). Upon the completion of the
global offering and based on the minimum public float granted by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, the minimum public float
of the Company for the H Shares is not lower than 10.70%.

As at the date of this report, based on the information available to the public and the knowledge of the Directors, the Directors
believe the public float of the Company is in compliance with Rule 8.08 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules and the requirements for
minimum public float as set out in the waiver granted by the Hong Kong Stock Exchange at the time of listing.

Donations
During the Reporting Period, the Group’s charitable and other donations amounted to approximately RMB26.0934 million in
total.

Other sections, chapters or notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements of this report as mentioned in this section
(Report of the Board) shall constitute part of the Report of the Board.

                                                                                                         By Order of the Board
                                                                                                              ZHANG Youjun
                                                                                                                     Chairman




                                                                                                        Beijing, 18 March 2021


88
Significant Events
Performance of Undertakings
Undertakings of the de facto controller, Shareholders, related parties, acquirer of the Company and the Company made or
subsisting during the Reporting Period


Undertakings of Shareholders and related/connected parties and their performance
Undertaking in respect of the share reform
During the Company’s implementation of the share reform in 2005, CITIC Group, the largest Shareholder of the Company,
has undertaken “not to transfer its shares within 12 months from the date of listing of the shares of the Company or upon
expiry of the non-transfer undertaking, whenever it transfers through the stock exchange any Shares of the Company
amounting to 1% of total issued Shares of the Company, it shall announce within two working days of such transfer; in
addition, any such transfers shall not exceed 5% of the total issued Shares of the Company within the 12-month period and
not exceed 10% within the 24-month period.”




                                                                                                                                          Significant Events
Since CITIC Group has transferred all the Shares held by it to CITIC Corporation Limited, the above undertaking is taken
up by CITIC Corporation Limited. The above long-term undertaking is still valid, which has been performed satisfactorily at
present and will continue to be duly performed.


Undertaking in respect of non-competition
During the initial public offering of A Shares of the Company in December 2002, CITIC Group, the largest Shareholder
of the Company, undertook that “there did not exist and it will not establish any new companies engaging in securities
business. In respect of those businesses which are the same or similar as the securities company engaged by banking
and trust investment businesses, CITIC Group has undertaken that our Company can make adequate disclosure of such
business and that it will not misuse its Shareholder position to act in the detriment of interests of the Company and other
Shareholders.”


The above long-term undertaking is still valid and is succeeded by CITIC Corporation Limited. It has been performed
satisfactorily at present and will continue to be duly performed.


Undertaking in relation to asset restructuring


 Undertaking                                                                                                    Term of validity of
 party                                          Contents of undertaking                                         the undertaking


 CITIC           During the period from the date of resumption of trading in Shares of the Company to           The undertaking
 Corporation     the completion of the acquisition of assets by issuance of Shares, if CITIC Corporation        shall be valid for
 Limited         Limited intends to reduce its shareholding in the Company, it will strictly comply with the    a period from the
                 laws and regulations and relevant requirements of the SSE and will fulfill the obligation of   date of resumption
                 information disclosure in a timely manner.                                                     of trading in Shares
                                                                                                                of the Company
                                                                                                                (10 January 2019)
                                                                                                                to the completion
                                                                                                                of the acquisition
                                                                                                                of assets by
                                                                                                                issuance of Shares.


                                                                       CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report           89
Significant Events



Undertaking                                                                                                   Term of validity of
party                                        Contents of undertaking                                          the undertaking

CITIC         1.   Maintaining the business independence of CITIC Securities                                  Long-term
Corporation                                                                                                   undertaking
Limited            CITIC Corporation Limited will not unlawfully interfere with the normal operating          commencing from
                   activities of CITIC Securities. CITIC Corporation Limited will minimize the related        the Company’s
                   party transactions between CITIC Corporation Limited and other enterprises                 acquisition of
                   controlled by CITIC Corporation Limited and CITIC Securities; in case of an                assets by issuance
                   inevitable related party transaction, an agreement shall be signed in accordance           of Shares in 2019
                   with the law and necessary procedures shall be performed in accordance with
                   relevant laws and regulations.

              2.   Maintaining the asset independence of CITIC Securities

                   CITIC Corporation Limited will not misappropriate the assets, funds and other
                   resources of CITIC Securities or its controlled enterprises through CITIC
                   Corporation Limited itself or its controlled affiliates in violation of regulations.

              3.   Maintaining the personnel independence of CITIC Securities

                   CITIC Corporation Limited warrants that the President, the Chief Financial Officer,
                   the Board Secretary and other members of the Senior Management of CITIC
                   Securities will not hold positions other than directors and supervisors in or receive
                   remuneration from CITIC Corporation Limited and/or other enterprises controlled
                   by CITIC Corporation Limited. CITIC Corporation Limited will ensure and maintain
                   the integrity of CITIC Securities’ labor, personnel and salaries and social security
                   management system.

              4.   Maintaining the financial independence of CITIC Securities

                   CITIC Corporation Limited will warrant the independence of the financial
                   accounting department of CITIC Securities and its establishment of an
                   independent accounting system and financial management system, and will set up
                   an independent financial department to be responsible for the specific operations
                   of relevant businesses. CITIC Securities maintains segregated bank accounts,
                   and does not share the bank accounts with CITIC Corporation Limited and other
                   enterprises controlled by CITIC Corporation Limited. The financial staffs of CITIC
                   Securities do not hold part-time positions in CITIC Corporation Limited and other
                   enterprises controlled by CITIC Corporation Limited. CITIC Securities pays taxes
                   independently in accordance with the law. CITIC Securities will make independent
                   financial decisions, and CITIC Corporation Limited will not interfere with the capital
                   use of CITIC Securities in violation of laws and regulations.

              5.   Maintaining the institutional independence of CITIC Securities

                   CITIC Corporation Limited will ensure that CITIC Securities will operate
                   independently from the institutions of CITIC Corporation Limited and other
                   enterprises controlled by CITIC Corporation Limited. CITIC Corporation Limited
                   warrants that CITIC Securities can maintain a sound corporate governance
                   structure as a joint stock company. The general meeting, the Board, the
                   Supervisory Committee and functional departments of CITIC Securities all exercise
                   their functions and powers independently in accordance with laws, regulations and
                   the Articles of Association, and there is no institutional confusion with the functional
                   departments of other enterprises controlled by CITIC Corporation Limited.



90
Undertaking                                                                                                   Term of validity of
party                                         Contents of undertaking                                         the undertaking

Yuexiu         1.   Maintaining the business independence of CITIC Securities                                 Long-term
Financial           Yuexiu Financial Holdings and Financial Holdings Limited will not unlawfully              undertaking
Holdings and        interfere with the normal operating activities of CITIC Securities. Yuexiu Financial      commencing from
Financial           Holdings and Financial Holdings Limited will minimize related party transactions          the Company’s
Holdings            between Yuexiu Financial Holdings, Financial Holdings Limited and other                   acquisition of
Limited             enterprises controlled by them and CITIC Securities; in case of an inevitable             assets by issuance
                    related party transaction, an agreement shall be signed in accordance with law            of Shares in 2019
                    and necessary procedures shall be performed in accordance with relevant laws
                    and regulations.
               2.   Maintaining the asset independence of CITIC Securities
                    Yuexiu Financial Holdings and Financial Holdings Limited will not misappropriate




                                                                                                                                     Significant Events
                    the assets, funds or other resources of CITIC Securities or its controlled
                    enterprises through Yuexiu Financial Holdings and Financial Holdings Limited
                    themselves or their controlled affiliates in violation of laws or regulations; nor will
                    CITIC Securities or its controlled enterprises be required to provide guarantees
                    for Yuexiu Financial Holding, Financial Holdings Limited and other enterprises
                    controlled by them.
               3.   Maintaining the personnel independence of CITIC Securities
                    Yuexiu Financial Holdings and Financial Holdings Limited warrant that the
                    President, the Vice President, the Chief Financial Officer, the Board Secretary
                    and other members of the Senior Management of CITIC Securities will not hold
                    positions other than directors and supervisors in or receive remuneration from
                    Yuexiu Financial Holdings, Financial Holdings Limited and/or other affiliates
                    controlled by them. Yuexiu Financial Holdings and Financial Holdings Limited will
                    ensure and maintain the integrity of CITIC Securities’ labor, personnel and salaries
                    and social security management system.
               4.   Maintaining the financial independence of CITIC Securities
                    Yuexiu Financial Holdings and Financial Holdings Limited warrant that they will not
                    interfere with the independence of the financial accounting department of CITIC
                    Securities and its establishment of an independent accounting system and financial
                    management system, and will set up an independent financial department to be
                    responsible for the specific operations of relevant businesses. CITIC Securities
                    maintains segregated bank accounts, and does not share the bank accounts with
                    Yuexiu Financial Holdings, Financial Holdings Limited and other affiliates controlled
                    by them. The financial staffs of CITIC Securities do not hold part-time positions
                    in Yuexiu Financial Holdings, Financial Holdings Limited and other enterprises
                    controlled by them. CITIC Securities pays taxes independently in accordance
                    with law. CITIC Securities will make independent financial decisions, and Yuexiu
                    Financial Holdings and Financial Holdings Limited will not interfere with the capital
                    use of CITIC Securities in violation of laws and regulations.
               5.   Maintaining the institutional independence of CITIC Securities
                    Yuexiu Financial Holdings and Financial Holdings Limited will ensure that CITIC
                    Securities will operate independently from the institutions of Yuexiu Financial
                    Holdings, Financial Holdings Limited and other enterprises controlled by them.
                    Yuexiu Financial Holdings and Financial Holdings Limited will supervise and support
                    CITIC Securities to maintain a sound corporate governance structure as a joint
                    stock company. The general meeting, the Board, the Supervisory Committee and
                    functional departments of CITIC Securities all exercise their functions and powers
                    independently in accordance with laws, regulations and the Articles of Association,
                    and there is no subordinate relationship with the functional departments of other
                    affiliates controlled by Yuexiu Financial Holdings and Financial Holdings Limited.

                                                                     CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report        91
Significant Events



Undertaking                                                                                                   Term of validity of
party                                         Contents of undertaking                                         the undertaking

CITIC          1.   CITIC Corporation Limited and its controlled enterprises will continue to regulate        Long-term
Corporation         related party transactions with CITIC Securities and its subsidiaries in accordance       undertaking
Limited             with relevant laws and regulations and the Administrative Measures on Related             commencing from
                    Party Transactions of CITIC Securities Company Limited. In the event of                   the Company’s
                    necessary and inevitable related party transactions, CITIC Corporation Limited            acquisition of
                    and its controlled enterprises will enter into agreements with CITIC Securities           assets by issuance
                    and its subsidiaries in accordance with the principles of fairness, impartiality and      of Shares in 2019
                    openness and the law, and perform legal procedures to ensure the fairness of the
                    prices of related party transactions.

               2.   CITIC Corporation Limited warrants that it will exercise relevant Shareholders’
                    rights and assume corresponding obligations in accordance with relevant laws
                    and regulations and the Articles of Association of CITIC Securities Company
                    Limited and other requirements in relation to internal control system. It will not
                    use its position as a Shareholder to seek illegitimate interests, or illegally transfer
                    funds and profits of CITIC Securities and its subsidiaries through related party
                    transactions, or maliciously jeopardize the legitimate rights and interests of other
                    Shareholders of CITIC Securities by means of related party transactions.

Yuexiu         1.   Upon the completion of this transaction, Yuexiu Financial Holdings, Financial             Long-term
Financial           Holdings Limited and their controlled enterprises will minimize the related party         undertaking
Holdings and        transactions with CITIC Securities and its subsidiaries as much as possible. In           commencing from
Financial           the event of necessary and inevitable related party transactions, Yuexiu Financial        the Company’s
Holdings            Holdings, Financial Holdings Limited and their controlled enterprises will enter          acquisition of
Limited             into agreements with CITIC Securities and its subsidiaries in accordance with the         assets by issuance
                    principles of fairness, impartiality and openness and the law, and perform legal          of Shares in 2019
                    procedures to ensure the fairness of the prices of related party transactions.

               2.   Yuexiu Financial Holdings and Financial Holdings Limited warrant that they will
                    exercise relevant Shareholders’ rights and assume corresponding obligations in
                    accordance with relevant laws and regulations and the Articles of Association
                    of CITIC Securities Company Limited and other requirements in relation to
                    internal control system. They will not use their positions as Shareholders to seek
                    illegitimate interests, or illegally transfer funds and profits of CITIC Securities and
                    its subsidiaries through related party transactions, or maliciously jeopardize the
                    legitimate rights and interests of other Shareholders of CITIC Securities by means
                    of related party transactions.

Yuexiu         1.   The consideration Shares subscribed by Yuexiu Financial Holdings and Financial            The undertaking
Financial           Holdings Limited in this transaction shall not be transferred within 48 months            shall be valid for
Holdings and        from the issuance completion date (Note: “issuance completion date of the                 a period from
Financial           consideration Shares” refers to the date on which the consideration Shares                the date of the
Holdings            were registered under the name of Yuexiu Financial Holdings/Financial Holdings            Company’s
Limited             Limited, same as below), unless a longer lock-up period is required by CSRC or            acquisition of
                    other regulatory authorities.                                                             assets by issuance
                                                                                                              of Shares in 2019
               2.   Upon completion of this transaction, the above-mentioned agreement shall also             to the expiry of the
                    apply to the additional Shares of CITIC Securities to be issued to Yuexiu Financial       lock-up period.
                    Holdings and Financial Holdings Limited in the event of distribution of dividends,
                    bonus issue, rights issue and conversion of capital reserve into share capital of
                    CITIC Securities, etc.




92
 Undertaking                                                                                                                      Term of validity of
 party                                                   Contents of undertaking                                                  the undertaking

 Yuexiu              In order to protect the legitimate rights and interests of CITIC Securities and Guangzhou                    Long-term
 Financial           Securities, Yuexiu Financial Holdings and Financial Holdings Limited irrevocably warrant                     undertaking
 Holdings and        that they will not misappropriate the funds of CITIC Securities, Guangzhou Securities                        commencing from
 Financial           or enterprises controlled by CITIC Securities or Guangzhou Securities, or require them                       the Company’s
 Holdings            to provide guarantees for Yuexiu Financial Holdings, Financial Holdings Limited or their                     acquisition of
 Limited             controlled enterprises, otherwise, CITIC Securities shall be timely compensated for any                      assets by issuance
                     losses incurred thereby.                                                                                     of Shares in 2019

 The Company Upon the completion of this transaction, Guangzhou Securities will become a wholly-                                  Long-term
             owned subsidiary directly or indirectly held by the Company, and its existing business                               undertaking
             may have conflicts of interest and compete with the business of the Company and its                                  commencing from




                                                                                                                                                               Significant Events
             controlled subsidiaries. The Company undertakes to integrate its assets and businesses                               the Company’s
             within 5 years upon completion of this transaction, so as to resolve the possible                                    acquisition of
             conflicts of interest and competition between the parent company and its subsidiaries in                             assets by issuance
             compliance with relevant laws, regulations and regulatory requirements.                                              of Shares in 2019

 CITIC               1.     Not to interfere with the operation and management of CITIC Securities beyond its                     Long-term
 Corporation                authority, or encroach on the interests of CITIC Securities;                                          undertaking
 Limited                                                                                                                          commencing from
                     2.     If the violation of the above-mentioned undertakings causes losses to CITIC                           the Company’s
                            Securities, the person making the undertaking shall be liable for compensation in                     acquisition of assets
                            accordance with the law.                                                                              by issuance of
                                                                                                                                  Shares in 2019

There are no unperformed public undertakings by other Shareholders or related/connected parties of the Company.


Appointment or Termination of Service of Accounting Firms

                                                                                                                                           In RMB Yuan


                                                                                      Current Appointment


 Name of the domestic accounting firm                                                 PwC Zhong Tian
 Remuneration for the domestic accounting firm                                        2,020,000
 Duration of audit service of the domestic accounting firm                            6 Years
 Name of the overseas accounting firm                                                 PwC Hong Kong
 Remuneration for the overseas accounting firm                                        370,000
 Duration of audit service of the overseas accounting firm                            6 Years

Note: The above is the audit fee in respect of the financial statements of the Company for the year, which does not include the audit fees in respect of the
      subsidiaries of the Company.



                                                                Name                                                                  Remuneration


Accounting firm for internal control audit                      PwC Zhong Tian                                                                 430,000




                                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report                  93
Significant Events



Explanation on Appointment or Termination of Service of Accounting Firms
As approved at the 2019 Annual General Meeting of the Company, PwC Zhong Tian and PwC Hong Kong were reappointed
as the external auditors of the Company for 2020 to be responsible for the provision of the relevant audit and review services
in accordance with the PRC Accounting Standards for Enterprises and the International Financial Reporting Standards,
respectively; and PwC Zhong Tian was appointed as the auditor for internal control of the Company for 2020. The total amount
of the fees in relation to the above audit and review services shall not exceed RMB5 million. If additional fees are incurred due
to changes in scope or contents of the audit or review services, the Board has been authorized by the 2019 Annual General
Meeting to determine the relevant fees according to the actual scope and contents of the audit or review services.


Material Litigation and Arbitration
During the Reporting Period, the Group had not been involved in any material litigation or arbitration with an involved amount
of over RMB10 million and accounting for over 10% of the absolute value of the net assets as shown in the latest audited
accounts of the Company, which is required to be disclosed pursuant to the SSE Listing Rules.


The litigation or arbitration of the Group which was newly raised and has not been disclosed (with an involved amount of
over RMB100 million) or has been disclosed but had progress from the beginning of the Reporting Period until the date of
publication of the 2020 Annual Results Announcement of the Company, is as follows:


Dispute between the Company and Pingxiang Yingshun on Stock-pledged Repo Transaction
Due to the breach of contract on stock-pledged repo transaction by Pingxiang Yingshun Enterprise Management Co.,
Ltd. (萍鄉英順企業管理有限公司) (hereinafter referred to as “Pingxiang Yingshun”), the Company applied to the notary
office for issuance of a certificate of enforcement and applied to the Intermediate People’s Court of Foshan of Guangdong
Province (hereinafter referred to as the “Foshan Intermediate Court”) for specific performance, requesting Pingxiang
Yingshun to pay the outstanding principal of RMB129.405 million and the corresponding interest, liquidated damages,
expenses incurred for realizing the creditor’s rights and other fees. The Foshan Intermediate Court accepted the case on
7 August 2018. Because the share auction failed twice, the Foshan Intermediate Court issued the enforcement judgment on
14 November 2019, ruling that 23,511,019 pledged shares (stock name: Europol Intelligent Network, stock code: 002711)
shall be used to settle Pingxiang Yingshun’s debt. The shares involved in this case were transferred to the Company on 28
November 2019. Given that CHEN Lihao provided the joint and several liability guarantee for the above liabilities of Pingxiang
Yingshun, the Company filed a lawsuit with the Third Intermediate People’s Court of Beijing Municipality (hereinafter referred
to as “Beijing Third Intermediate Court”), requesting CHEN Lihao to assume the joint and several guarantee liability. The
Beijing Third Intermediate Court accepted the case on 30 July 2018, and heard the case on 12 August 2019, 5 September
2019 and 23 December 2019, respectively. The Beijing Third Intermediate Court issued the first instance verdict in favor of
the claims of the Company on 24 December 2019. The first instance verdict took effect on 10 June 2020. The Company
applied to the Beijing Third Intermediate Court for compulsory enforcement, and the court accepted the case on 3 July 2020
(For the relevant information of the case, please refer to the 2020 Interim Report of the Company). This case is currently
under enforcement procedure.




94
Dispute between the Company and Tianjin Pipe Plant and Tianjin Pipe Group on Two Financial Loan
Agreements in connection with the TAM managed by the Company
Due to the breach of contract by Tianjin Seamless Pipe Plant (天津市無縫鋼管廠) (hereinafter referred to as “Tianjin Pipe
Plant”) as the borrower and Tianjin Pipe (Group) Corporation (天津鋼管集團股份有限公司) (hereinafter referred to as
“Tianjin Pipe Group”) as the guarantor, the Company filed a lawsuit with the Fourth Intermediate People’s Court of Beijing
Municipality (hereinafter referred to as “Beijing Fourth Intermediate Court”) against the Tianjin Pipe Plant and the Tianjin
Pipe Group on 20 July 2018, requesting the Tianjin Pipe Plant to repay the principal, interest, penalty interest and other
fees totaling RMB207,926,616.36 and the Tianjin Pipe Group to assume joint and several liabilities. The Company also
applied for property preservation to the Beijing Fourth Intermediate Court. The court accepted the case and the application
for property preservation on 4 July 2018. The Beijing Fourth Intermediate Court made the first instance verdict in favor
of the claims of the Company on 18 December 2018. The defendants in the case had appealed on 3 January 2019. The
Higher People’s Court of Beijing Municipality (hereinafter referred to as “Beijing Higher Court”) made the final judgment,




                                                                                                                                 Significant Events
dismissing the defendant’s appeal on 17 May 2019. The Company submitted the Appeal Letter Regarding the Disposal
Proposal of Tianjin Seamless Pipe Plant’s Debt Guaranteed by Tianjin Pipe (Group) Corporation to the State-owned Assets
Supervision and Administration Commission of Tianjin People’s Government in September 2019, and then applied to the
Beijing Fourth Intermediate Court for releasing the preservation measures taken against the preserved property under the
names of the respondents, Tianjin Pipe Plant and Tianjin Pipe Group. The Company also entered into the restructuring
agreement with parties including Tianjin Pipe Group, Shanghai Electric Group Co., Ltd. and Tianjin Pipe Corporation (For the
relevant information of the case, please refer to the 2019 Annual Report of the Company). On 16 June 2020, the Second
Intermediate People’s Court of Tianjin ruled to accept the bankruptcy liquidation case of Tianjin Pipe Plant, and Tianjin Pipe
Plant is undergoing bankruptcy liquidation procedures.


Dispute between the Company and Xinghua Rural Commercial Bank on Targeted Asset Management
Contract
Due to the breach of the targeted asset management contract by the Company and Beijing Branch of China Merchants
Bank Co., Ltd. (招商銀行股份有限公司北京分行) (hereinafter referred to as “CMB Beijing Branch”) as the trustee in the
view of Jiangsu Xinghua Rural Commercial Bank CO., Ltd. (江蘇興化農村商業銀行股份有限公司) (hereinafter referred to as
“Xinghua Rural Commercial Bank”), Xinghua Rural Commercial Bank submitted an application for arbitration with the
Shanghai International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (hereinafter referred to as “SIETAC”) on 10 August
2018, requesting the Company and CMB Beijing Branch to jointly and severally compensate its loss of RMB10,937,622.53.
The SIETAC heard the case on 19 March 2019 (For the relevant information of the case, please refer to the 2019 First
Quarterly Report of the Company). On 2 November 2020, the Company received an arbitration award from the SIETAC,
dismissing all arbitration claims of Xinghua Rural Commercial Bank and ruling that the Company bears no liability. The case
was closed in favor of the Company.




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     95
Significant Events



Contract Dispute between the Company and Julihui
Due to the breach of contract on stock-pledged repo transaction by Xiamen Julihui Investment Partnership (Limited
Partnership) (廈門聚利匯投資合夥企業（有限合夥）) (hereinafter referred to as “Julihui”), the Company filed a lawsuit with
the Beijing Third Intermediate Court on 21 January 2019, requesting Julihui to repay a total amount of RMB100,845,833.33
for unpaid principal, interest and liquidated damages. The case was formally accepted on 22 January 2019. The case
was heard on 8 October 2019. The Beijing Third Intermediate Court issued the first instance verdict in favor of the claims
of the Company on 26 December 2019. On 11 February 2020, the Company received the petition for appeal from Julihui
(For the relevant information of the case, please refer to the 2020 Third Quarterly Report of the Company). Julihui applied
to the court to withdraw the appeal on 4 November 2020, and Beijing Higher Court ruled to permit the withdrawal on 12
November 2020 and the first instance verdict has taken effect.


Dispute between the Company and Kangde Group on the Guarantee Contract
Because Shenzhen Qianhai Fengshi Yunlan Capital Management Co., Ltd. (深圳前海豐實雲蘭資本管理有限公司) (hereinafter
referred to as the “Fengshi Yunlan”) defaulted when conducting the stock-pledged repo transaction with the Company
and Kangde Investment Group Co., Ltd. (康得投資集團有限公司) (hereinafter referred to as the “Kangde Group”) also
failed to fulfill its guarantee obligations in a timely manner to repay the relevant debts to the Company on behalf of Fengshi
Yunlan, the Company filed a lawsuit with the Beijing Higher Court on 22 January 2019, requesting Kangde Group to assume
the joint and several liability as the guarantor and repay the amount of RMB1,418,245,278.08 owed to the Company. The
Beijing Higher Court heard the case on 9 December 2019. The Beijing Higher Court made the first instance verdict and
the correction of ruling in favor of all claim of the Company on 30 April and 6 May 2020. The Company had applied to the
Beijing Higher Court for compulsory enforcement on 2 July 2020 (For the relevant information of the case, please refer to the
2020 Interim Report of the Company). The Beijing Higher Court assigned the case to the First Intermediate People’s Court of
Beijing Municipality (hereinafter referred to as “Beijing First Intermediate Court”) for enforcement. The case was accepted
on 4 August 2020 and is currently in the process of compulsory enforcement. On 28 December 2020, the Company filed an
appeal against the enforcement with the enforcement court, requesting HAN Yu, a shareholder of Kangde Group, to assume
the compensation liability within the scope of unpaid principal and interest, which was accepted by the court on 4 January
2021 and the case is currently under trial.


On 15 May 2019, the Company submitted the application for compulsory enforcement to the Beijing First Intermediate
Court, Fengshi Yunlan, as debtor, ZHONG Yu, as guarantor, Tianming Yujie Investment Management Co., Ltd. (天明禹
捷投資管理有限公司) and Beijing Yisheng Hengtong Technology Partnership (Limited Partnership) (北京益聖恒通科技
合夥企業(有限合夥)), as pledgors, are persons subject to the enforcement. The case was formally accepted on 27 May
2019. In February and April 2020, the Beijing First Intermediate Court organized a judicial auction of all pledged stocks.
On 22 May 2020, due to the failure of auction, the Beijing First Intermediate Court issued an enforcement judgement that
56,874,914 shares of ST Kangde (stock code: 002450) shall be used to settle the debt to the Company. The shares have
been transferred to and registered under the name of the Company on 22 June 2020 (For the relevant information of the
case, please refer to the 2020 Interim Report of the Company). On 29 November 2020, the Beijing First Intermediate Court
organized a judicial auction of the pledged equity of Kangde Composite Material Co., Ltd. (康得複合材料有限公司). On
24 December 2020, due to the failure of auction, the Company received an enforcement judgement from the Beijing First
Intermediate Court, which ruled to settle the debt to the Company by the above equity.




96
Dispute between the Company and HE Qiaonv and TANG Kai on Stock-pledged Repo Transaction
Due to the breach of contract on stock-pledged repo transaction by HE Qiaonv and TANG Kai, the Company filed an
application for the issuance of a certificate of enforcement with Fangyuan Notary Public Office on 26 October 2018. On 22
November 2018, Fangyuan Notary Public Office issued the certificate of enforcement in accordance with laws. On 15 May
2019, the Company submitted an application for compulsory enforcement to the Beijing Third Intermediate Court, and the
case was accepted on the same date. On 27 August 2019, the Company reached a settlement agreement with HE Qiaonv
and TANG Kai. On 26 September 2019, the Company received the first settlement payment from HE Qiaonv. As HE Qiaonv
and TANG Kai failed to fulfill their commitments under the settlement agreement, the Company applied to the court to
resume compulsory enforcement, and the court ruled to accept the case on 3 July 2020 (For the relevant information of the
case, please refer to the 2020 Third Quarterly Report of the Company). On 11 December 2020, the Company again reached
a settlement agreement with HE Qiaonv and TANG Kai.




                                                                                                                               Significant Events
Dispute between the Company and CHEN Zhu on the Guarantee Contract
GAO Yugen and ZHA Chuanhe failed to fulfill the repurchase obligation and CHEN Zhu failed to assume the guarantee
liabilities when conducting the stock-pledged repo transaction with the Company, both of which constituted a breach of
contract. Therefore, the Company filed a lawsuit with the Beijing Third Intermediate Court, requesting CHEN Zhu to assume
the guarantee liabilities and repay the debts of RMB200 million owed to the Company by GAO Yugen and ZHA Chuanhe on
their behalf. The case was formally accepted on 25 September 2019. The Beijing Third Intermediate Court heard the case
on 17 December 2019 and 30 December 2019, respectively. On 24 March 2020, the court issued the first instance verdict
in favor of the Company’s claims. On 8 May 2020, CHEN Zhu appealed to the court (For the relevant information of this
case, please refer to the 2020 Interim Report of the Company). On 30 December 2020, the Company reached a settlement
agreement with CHEN Zhu, GAO Yugen and ZHA Chuanhe and applied to the court to withdraw the lawsuit after receiving
the full settlement amount. On 31 December 2020, Beijing High Court ruled to permit the withdraw of lawsuit, and the case
was closed.


Dispute on Contract between the Company and Rightway Real Estate, Hunan Rightway, Dalian Haihui
and FU Yanbin
Due to the risk of default of “16 Zhengyuan 02” bonds with a nominal value of RMB130 million issued by Rightway Real
Estate Development Co., Ltd. (正源房地產開發有限公司) held by the Company, the Company filed a lawsuit with the Beijing
Third Intermediate Court, requesting the issuer to pay the principal, interest, liquidated damages and the cost of realizing
the debt, and requesting the guarantors, being Hunan Rightway Shangfengshangshui Real Estate Development Co., Ltd.
(湖南正源尚峰尚水房地產開發有限公司), Dalian Haihui Real Estate Development Co., Ltd. (大連海匯房地產開發有限公司)
(hereinafter referred to as “Dalian Haihui”) and FU Yanbin, to assume the guarantee liabilities. On 2 April 2020, the court
formally accepted the case (For the relevant information of the case, please refer to the 2020 Third Quarterly Report of the
Company). As Dalian Haihui and FU Yanbin filed an objection on jurisdiction with the Beijing Third Intermediate Court during
the period of filing the reply, the Beijing Third Intermediate Court ruled to transfer the case to the Intermediate People’s
Court of Dalian Municipality (hereinafter referred to as “Dalian Intermediate Court”) on 19 October 2020. On 7 January
2021, the Dalian Intermediate Court formally accepted the case, and the time of hearing has not yet been determined.




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report    97
Significant Events



Dispute between the Company and Macrolink Holding on Bond Transaction
As Macrolink Holding Co., Ltd. (新華聯控股有限公司) (hereinafter referred to as “Macrolink Holding”) failed to repay the
medium term notes as agreed upon, the Company filed a lawsuit with the Beijing Third Intermediate Court, requesting
Macrolink Holding to repay the bond principal of RMB200 million and the interest up to the date of full repayment, etc. On
2 April 2020, the court formally accepted the case. The case was heard on 21 July and 13 August 2020 (For the relevant
information of the case, please refer to the 2020 Third Quarterly Report of the Company). The Beijing Third Intermediate
Court issued the first instance verdict in favor of the principal claims of the Company on 30 December 2020.


Dispute between the Company and Linxi Rural Commercial Bank and Hengfeng Bank on Trust
Contract
Due to a dispute relating to trust contract, on 16 April 2020, the Company received a complaint made by Hebei Linxi Rural
Commercial Bank Co., Ltd. (河北臨西農村商業銀行股份有限公司) (hereinafter referred to as “Linxi Rural Commercial
Bank”) to Jinan Railway Transportation Intermediate Court against Hengfeng Bank Co., Ltd. (恒豐銀行股份有限公
司) (hereinafter referred to as “Hengfeng Bank”) and the Company, requesting Hengfeng Bank and the Company
to jointly compensate for the loss of the investment principal and interest and return the management fees, totaling
RMB276,505,505.775. The trial was conducted via a virtual hearing on 30 June 2020 (For the relevant information of
the case, please refer to the 2020 Interim Report of the Company). On 21 October 2020, the Company received the first
instance verdict, dismissing all claims of the Plaintiff Linxi Rural Commercial Bank. The Plaintiff disagreed with the verdict
and appealed to the Higher People’s Court of Shandong Province (hereinafter referred to as “Shandong Higher Court”).
The second trial of the case was held on 17 December 2020. On 21 December 2020, the Company received the second
instance verdict from Shandong Higher Court, which dismissed the appeal and upheld the original verdict, and the case was
closed in favor of the Company.


Dispute between the Company and Xinye Company and GoldStone Zexin on Commission Contract
On 22 September 2020, the Company received from the Beijing Third Intermediate Court the litigation materials concerning
the case of dispute over commission contract filed by Xinye Equity Investment Management Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred
to as “Xinye Company”) against the Company and its indirect subsidiary, GoldStone Zexin. Xinye Company requested the
Company and GoldStone Zexin to pay project management fees and liquidated damages totaling RMB139,580,000. The
Beijing Third Intermediate Court formally accepted the case (For the relevant information of the case, please refer to the
2020 Third Quarterly Report of the Company), and heard the case on 15 January 2021. No verdict has been issued so far.


Dispute between the Company and Jing Hua on the Guarantee Contract for Margin Financing and
Securities Lending
In 2020, each of CHEN Zhenling, SHI Baojian and Fujian Kailan Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd. signed a Margin
Financing and Securities Lending Contract with the Company in relation to margin financing and securities lending
transactions, and Jing Hua signed a Guarantee Letter to provide joint and several liability guarantee for the debts under the
above-mentioned three Margin Financing and Securities Lending Contracts. Subsequently, CHEN Zhenling, SHI Baojian and
Fujian Kailan Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd. failed to repay the debt to the Company under the margin financing and
securities lending transactions. The Company submitted an application to the Beijing Arbitration Commission (hereinafter
referred to as “BAC”), requesting Jing Hua to assume joint and several guarantee debts for the above transaction liabilities
and to pay the Company a total amount of RMB110,880,070.18. On 13 January 2021, the BAC accepted the case. The
time of the hearing has not yet been determined.




98
Dispute between GoldStone Investment and Yunnan Tianyu, Yunnan Sigao and Beijing Huayu on
Equity Contract
Due to the breaches of the Capital Increase Contract and the Equity Transfer Contract by Yunnan Shenzhou Tianyu Real
Estate Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Yunnan Tianyu”), Yunnan Sigao Investment Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to
as “Yunnan Sigao”) and Beijing Huayu Zhixin Investment Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Beijing Huayu”), GoldStone
Investment filed an arbitration with the BAC, requesting that Yunnan Tianyu to pay the consideration for equity transfer,
liquidated damages and expenses incurred for realizing the creditor’s rights, with a total amount of RMB376,220,063.45,
Yunnan Sigao to bear joint and several liabilities, and the court to confirm that GoldStone Investment have the right of
first refusal on the equity pledged by Yunnan Tianyu and the trust property rights of Beijing Huayu under the relevant trust
contracts. On 28 September 2020, the BAC accepted the case. The case was heard on 5 February 2021, and the BAC has
not issued a verdict so far.




                                                                                                                                 Significant Events
The Company has made sufficient provision for impairment in respect of the potential losses involved in the above cases in
accordance with the relevant regulations.


The potential losses involved in the following cases of CITIC Securities South China had been taken into full consideration
before closing of the acquisition. There is relatively low risk of potential losses for the Company and CITIC Securities South
China in the future.


Dispute between CITIC Securities South China and Ruifeng Group on Stock-pledged Repo
Transaction
As Guangzhou Ruifeng Group Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Ruifeng Group”) defaulted on the stock pledge business
with the Guangzhou Securities (as previously named, and renamed as CITIC Securities South China in January 2020, same
below), on 5 August 2019, the Guangzhou Securities (as previously named) applied to the Guangzhou Intermediate People’s
Court (hereinafter referred to as “Guangzhou Intermediate Court”) for compulsory enforcement of the notarized document
and the case was filed. The subject of enforcement was the principal of RMB329,990,000 and the corresponding interest,
liquidated damages and expenses incurred for realizing creditor’s rights. Since the person subject to enforcement raised
an objection to enforcement, Guangzhou Intermediate Court ruled to dismiss CITIC Securities South China’s compulsory
enforcement application on 13 January 2020. Subsequently, CITIC Securities South China applied to the Higher People’s
Court of Guangdong Province (hereinafter referred to as “Guangdong High Court”) for a retrial (For the relevant information
of this case, please refer to the 2020 First Quarterly Report of the Company). On 30 April 2020, Guangdong High Court
made a ruling to revoke the ruling of enforcement made by Guangzhou Intermediate Court and remanded the case to
Guangzhou Intermediate Court for a retrial of the objection to enforcement. On 7 January 2021, Guangzhou Intermediate
Court ruled to dismiss the objection to enforcement of the person subject to enforcement.


As the guarantor, LIN Yongfei, failed to timely perform guarantee obligations in respect of the above stock pledged debts.
On 25 February 2020, CITIC Securities South China filed an arbitration application to the Guangzhou Arbitration Commission
(hereinafter referred to as “Guangzhou Arbitration”) against LIN Yongfei and his spouse, WENG Yayun, requesting them to
bear joint and several guarantee liabilities for the debts of Ruifeng Group. On 20 March 2020, the arbitration case was filed
and accepted by Guangzhou Arbitration (For the relevant information of this case, please refer to the 2020 First Quarterly
Report of the Company). On 27 November 2020, CITIC Securities South China received the arbitral award from Guangzhou
Arbitration. On 20 December 2020, CITIC Securities South China applied to the court for compulsory enforcement and the
case was accepted on 27 December 2020. Currently, the case is in the process of compulsory enforcement.




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     99
Significant Events



Dispute between CITIC Securities South China and CEFC Shanghai Group on Bond Transaction
Due to the breach of contract on bond transaction by CEFC Shanghai International Group Co., Ltd. (上海華信國際集團有限公
司) (hereinafter referred to as “CEFC Shanghai Group”), on 18 April 2019, the Guangzhou Securities (as previously named)
filed a lawsuit against CEFC Shanghai Group on behalf of the two asset management plans with the Shanghai Financial
Court and the case was accepted. The subject matter of the lawsuit was the principal of RMB300 million as well as the
corresponding interest, liquidated damages, expenses incurred for realizing the creditor’s rights and other fees. The hearing of
the case was held on 23 July 2019. On 31 March 2020, the Shanghai Third Intermediate Court issued a verdict to declare the
bankruptcy of CEFC Shanghai Group, and CITIC Securities South China has filed claims for creditor’s rights within the time
limit required by the court (For relevant information of this case, please refer to the 2020 Interim Report of the Company). On
7 May 2020, Shanghai Financial Court issued a verdict and supported the claims made by CITIC Securities South China in
relation to the principal, interest and liquidated damages. Currently, CEFC Shanghai Group is still undergoing the bankruptcy
liquidation procedures.


Dispute between CITIC Securities South China and CITIC Guoan on Bond Transaction
Due to the breach of contract on bond transaction by CITIC Guoan Group Co., Ltd. (中信國安集團有限公司) (hereinafter
referred to as “CITIC Guoan”), in May 2019, the Guangzhou Securities (as previously named) filed a lawsuit against CITIC
Guoan with the Beijing Third Intermediate Court. The subject matter of the lawsuit was the principal of RMB480 million
as well as the corresponding interest, liquidated damages, expenses incurred for realizing the creditor’s rights and other
fees. The case was formally accepted on 14 May 2019 (For relevant information of this case, please refer to the 2020
First Quarterly Report of the Company). The case was heard held on 24 September 2019 and 11 December 2019. On 16
December 2020, CITIC Securities South China received the verdict issued by Beijing Third Intermediate Court, supporting all
the claims made by CITIC Securities South China.


Dispute between CITIC Securities South China and Kaiyuan Securities on Bond Reversed Repo
Transaction
Due to the failure to repay the funds by Kaiyuan Securities when conducting reversed repo transaction, the Guangzhou
Securities (as previously named) applied for arbitration to the Shanghai International Arbitration Center on 10 October
2019, requesting Kaiyuan Securities to pay the repurchase principal of RMB131.30 million as well as the corresponding
interest, liquidated damages, expenses incurred for realizing the creditor’s rights and other fees. The case was accepted on
30 October 2019. The case was heard on 31 July 2020 (For the relevant information of this case, please refer to the 2020
Interim Report of the Company). On 23 November 2020, Shanghai International Arbitration Center issued the arbitration
award, which supports the main arbitration claims made by CITIC Securities South China. On 7 December 2020, CITIC
Securities South China applied to Beijing First Intermediate Court for compulsory enforcement. Currently, the award is still
under enforcement.




100
Dispute between CITIC Securities South China and Anhui Shengyun Environmental Protection and
Western Securities on Bond Transaction
Due to the breach of contract on bond transaction by Anhui Shengyun Environmental Protection (Group) Co., Ltd.
(hereinafter referred to as “Anhui Shengyun Environmental Protection”), and the failure of the bond’s lead underwriter
and trustee, Western Securities Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Western Securities”), to exercise due diligence in
terms of management and the misrepresentation and material omissions contained in the prospectus, Western Securities
shall assume joint and several liabilities for the losses of CITIC Securities South China. On 27 September 2019, Guangzhou
Securities (as previously named) filed a lawsuit against Anhui Shengyun Environmental Protection and Western Securities
with Anqing Intermediate People’s Court. The subject matter of the lawsuit was the principal of RMB100 million and the
corresponding interest, liquidated damages, expenses incurred for realizing the creditor’s rights and other fees. The case
was accepted in October 2019. On 29 April 2020, CITIC Securities South China received the civil ruling issued by Anhui
Higher People’s Court, which rejected the appeal of Western Securities and upheld the original ruling. The case is still under




                                                                                                                                   Significant Events
the jurisdiction of Hefei Intermediate People’s Court of Anhui Province (For the relevant information of this case, please refer
to the 2020 Interim Report of the Company). On 26 October 2020, the case was heard. The court has not yet issued the
first instance verdict so far.


Dispute between CITIC Securities South China and HUANG Wenjia on Stock-pledged Repo
Transaction
Due to the breach of contract by HUANG Wenjia when conducting the stock-pledged repo transaction, Guangzhou
Securities (as previously named) filed a lawsuit against HUANG Wenjia with Shenzhen Intermediate People’s Court
(hereinafter referred to as “Shenzhen Intermediate Court”) on 27 August 2019. The subject matter of the lawsuit was the
principal of RMB106.67 million as well as the corresponding interest, liquidated damages and other fees. On 29 October
2019, the case was formally accepted. On 3 and 4 June 2020, the evidence exchange and the first instance hearing of the
case were completed (For the relevant information of this case, please refer to the 2020 Interim Report of the Company).
CITIC Securities South China received the judgement issued by Shenzhen Intermediate Court, which supports the main
claims of CITIC Securities South China on 27 October 2020.


Dispute between CITIC Securities South China and Haoxuan Company and DING Kongxian on Stock-
pledged Repo Transaction
Due to the breach of contract by Alashankou Haoxuan Equity Investment Co., Ltd. (阿拉山口市灝軒股權投資有限公司,
hereinafter referred to as “Haoxuan Company”) when conducting the stock-pledged repo transaction, CITIC Securities
South China filed a lawsuit against Haoxuan Company and its guarantor, DING Kongxian, with Guangzhou Intermediate
Court on 31 July 2020. The subject matter of the lawsuit was the principal of RMB149 million as well as the corresponding
interest, liquidated damages, expenses incurred for realizing the creditor’s rights and other fees. Guangzhou Intermediate
Court accepted the case on the same day (For the relevant information of this case, please refer to the 2020 Interim Report
of the Company). The case is scheduled to be heard on 1 March 2021.




                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report    101
Significant Events



Punishment and Rectifications of Listed Companies and its Directors, Supervisors, Senior
Management and the Largest Shareholder
The Company and certain outlets were subject to the following administrative supervision and
management measures taken by the regulatory authorities during the Reporting Period:
On 10 April 2020, the Beijing Regulatory Bureau of the CSRC issued a Decision on Ordering Beijing Zizhuyuan Road
Securities Outlet of CITIC Securities Company Limited to Take Rectification Measures (《關於對中信証券股份有限公司北京
紫竹院路證券營業部採取責令改正措施的決定》) to the Company, according to which, administrative regulatory measures
of ordering Beijing Zizhuyuan Road Securities Outlet of the Company to take rectification measures were adopted. It was
decided in the aforementioned regulatory letter that Beijing Zizhuyuan Road Securities Outlet has issues such as missing
important information in relation to customer account, failure to verify the abnormality of the elder customers’ career
information, inconsistent content in the two information registration materials filled out by the same customer on the same
day, deviation of rating results caused by the error in casting evaluation scores, failure to report the appointment of SUN
Lili as the person in charge of the outlet to the regulatory bureau as required, and failure to provide the registration record
for change in and historical registration data of the computer equipment and corresponding media access control address
(MAC address) of the business place. After receiving the aforementioned regulatory letter, the Company attached great
importance thereto, and immediately organized and urged the outlet to implement rectification, strengthen the review for
account opening, complete the filing for personnel appointment and dismissal, improve customer suitability management,
and effectively strengthen the monitoring of abnormal transactions in order to avoid the recurrence of such incidents.


On 27 October 2020, the CSRC issued the Decision on Ordering CITIC Securities Company Limited to Take Rectification
Measures     (《關於對中信証券股份有限公司採取責令改正措施的決定》)                                    to   the   Company.    It   was   decided   in   the
aforementioned regulatory letter that the internal control and integrity risk prevention and control mechanism of the
Company’s investment banking business needed to be improved, where, in particular, certain projects involved in issues
including failure to strictly perform internal audit procedures, failure to strictly inspect and accept the working sheets,
inadequate disclosures in respect of engagements of third-party agents, etc. After receiving the aforementioned regulatory
letter, the Company attached great importance thereto, and promptly rectified the existing issues according to the
requirements of the CSRC, to improve and perfect the internal control and integrity risk prevention and control mechanism
of the Company’s investment banking business, and further to enhance internal control and avoid the recurrence of such
incidents.


On 24 December 2020, the CSRC issued the Decision on Taking Regulatory Measure of Issuing a Warning Letter to CITIC
Securities Company Limited (《關於對中信証券股份有限公司採取出具警示函監管措施的決定》) to the Company. It was
decided in the aforementioned regulatory letter that in the application process of a project the Company advised on as a
sponsor, the reporting materials submitted by the Company and its sponsor representative has issues such as inconsistent
financial date with obvious differences in the scope of disclosure, inconsistencies in information disclosure, failure to perform
the exemption procedure for disclosure and simplifying the contents of disclosure without authorization, which violated
Article 5 of the Measures for the Administration of the Sponsorship of Securities Offering and Listing (《證券發行上市保
薦業務管理辦法》). After receiving the aforementioned regulatory letter, the Company attached great importance thereto,
and promptly made rectifications according to the requirements of the CSRC, further strengthened the internal control, and
urged the project teams to diligently perform their duties and take solid actions to advance projects, as well as improve the
quality of practice and risk awareness.




102
During the Reporting Period, none of the Company’s Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management or the largest
Shareholder was subject to investigations by competent authorities or enforcement actions by judiciary
authorities or disciplinary departments or was brought before relevant judiciary authorities or prosecuted for
criminal liabilities or subject to investigations or administrative punishments by the CSRC, or prohibitions from
entering into the securities markets or was identified as an inappropriate person for the posts or was imposed
major administrative penalties by other administrative authorities or publicly censured by any stock exchange.


Credibility of the Largest Shareholder of the Company during the Reporting Period
During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor its largest Shareholder had unperformed enforceable court judgments
or unpaid debts with large sums at maturity.


Material Related Party Transactions/Non-exempt Connected Transactions
Related party transactions in relation to day-to-day operation/non-exempt continuing connected



                                                                                                                                Significant Events
transactions
Progress of matters which had been disclosed in interim announcements
Day-to-day related party transactions under the SSE Listing Rules/continuing connected transactions under the
Hong Kong Listing Rules
Background
The Group conducted its related party/connected transactions in strict compliance with the listing rules of the place
where the Shares of the Company are listed, the Management Measures on Information Disclosure of the Company and
the Administrative Measures on Related Party Transactions of the Company. The related party/connected transactions
of the Group are conducted in accordance with the principles of impartiality, openness and fairness and the agreements
of the related party/connected transaction are entered into based on the principles of equality, free will, equal price with
consideration and at market price.


The day-to-day related party/continuing connected transactions of the Group are mainly conducted with CITIC Group,
its subsidiaries and associates. As CITIC Group indirectly holds 15.47% equity interest in the Company, CITIC Group,
its subsidiaries and associates are related party/connected persons of the Company according to the SSE Listing Rules
and the Hong Kong Listing Rules. CITIC Group engages in a wide range of businesses and has plenty of subsidiaries.
The Group, as a participant in the financial market, would inevitably transact with China CITIC Bank, CITIC Trust, CITIC
Prudential Life Insurance Co., Ltd., each a subsidiary of CITIC Group and other companies that have strong market
influences, and jointly provide comprehensive financial services to clients domestic and overseas. On the one hand, this is
favorable for the expansion of the Group’s scope of services and enhancement of its service level; on the other hand, it also
brings business opportunities to the Group. Therefore, conducting relevant businesses between the Group and its related
party/connected persons will be favorable to promote the business growth, and increase investment returns. Relevant
related party/connected transactions are in line with the Group’s actual situation and thus favorable to the long term-
development of the business.




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   103
Significant Events



According to the relevant requirements, and based on the analysis of the types and contents of existing and possible
ongoing related party/connected transactions between the Group and CITIC Group and its subsidiaries and associates,
the Group delineated the nature of such transactions and classified into three major categories, namely securities and
financial products transactions and services, miscellaneous services and property leasing. At the time when the Company’s
H Shares were listed, the Company and CITIC Group entered into the Securities and Financial Products Transactions and
Services Framework Agreement upon the approval by the 2011 Third Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company;
entered into the Miscellaneous Services Framework Agreement and the Property Leasing Framework Agreement upon the
approval of the Board, pursuant to which the parties agreed on the contents of the day-to-day related party/continuing
connected transactions thereunder from 2011 to 2013 and set the respective annual caps for the transaction amounts.
On 31 December 2013, the Company and CITIC Group renewed the Securities and Financial Products Transactions and
Services Framework Agreement upon the approval by the 2013 Third Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company;
and renewed the Miscellaneous Services Framework Agreement and entered into the Supplemental Agreement I to the
Property Leasing Framework Agreement with CITIC Group upon the approval by the Board, pursuant to which the parties
agreed on the contents of the day-to-day related party/continuing connected transactions thereunder from 2014 to 2016
and set respective annual caps for the transaction amounts. On 14 February 2017, the Company renewed the Securities
and Financial Products Transactions and Services Framework Agreement with CITIC Group upon the approval by the 2017
First Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company; and renewed the Miscellaneous Services Framework Agreement
and entered into Supplemental Agreement II to the Property Leasing Framework Agreement with CITIC Group upon the
approval by the Board, pursuant to which the parties agreed on the contents of the day-to-day related party/continuing
connected transactions thereunder from 2017 to 2019 and set respective annual caps for the transaction amount. On 31
December 2019, the Company further renewed the Securities and Financial Products Transactions and Services Framework
Agreement with CITIC Group upon the approval by the 2019 Second Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company, and
further renewed the Miscellaneous Services Framework Agreement and entered into the Supplemental Agreement III to the
Property Leasing Framework Agreement with CITIC Group on the same date upon the approval by the Board, pursuant
to which the parties agreed on the contents of the day-to-day related party/continuing connected transactions thereunder
from 2020 to 2022 and set respective annual caps for the transaction amount. The term of each of the further renewed
Securities and Financial Products Transactions and Services Framework Agreement and the Miscellaneous Services
Framework Agreement is three years, commencing from 1 January 2020 and ending on 31 December 2022. The term of the
Supplemental Agreement III to the Property Leasing Framework Agreement is from 1 January 2020 to 22 September 2021.




104
During the Reporting Period, all of the above day-to-day related party/continuing connected transactions were conducted
pursuant to the relevant framework agreements entered into between the Company and CITIC Group and in strict
compliance with the pricing principles of relevant transactions. The transaction amount and the transaction content did not
exceed the scope of such agreements. Details were as follows:


Securities and Financial Products Transactions and Services Framework Agreement
Pursuant to the agreement as renewed in 2019, the Group and CITIC Group and its subsidiaries and associates conduct
various securities and financial products transactions and provide mutual securities and financial services during the ordinary
course of business. Both the Company and CITIC Group agreed that: ① the subscription of securities and financial products
shall be conducted at subscription prices and terms of such products; for transactions of securities and financial products
through exchanges, such transactions shall be conducted at the prevailing market prices or market rates applicable to
such type of securities and financial products; for transactions over the counter and other transactions of securities and




                                                                                                                                  Significant Events
financial products, such transactions shall be conducted at the prevailing market prices or market rates applicable to such
type of securities and financial products or shall be conducted by mutual agreement; in the absence of prevailing market
price or market rate applicable to such type of securities and financial products, the price or rate of such transaction shall
be determined by the mutual agreement pursuant to the principle of fair market trade. Interest rates of interbank loans and
repurchase agreements shall be conducted at the prevailing market interest rates and prices applicable to independent
counterparties of such type of transactions or determined by mutual agreement. The prices of the beneficiary certificates
issued by the Company shall be determined based on the prevailing market interest rate applicable to independent
counterparties of such type of beneficiary certificates. ② securities and financial services: interest rates on deposits shall
not be lower than the interest rates on deposits published by the People’s Bank of China for the commercial banks for the
corresponding period and the terms of the Company’s deposit with the subsidiaries of CITIC Group shall not be inferior to
those provided by an independent third party. Commissions or service fees charged by CITIC Group: shall be determined by
mutual agreement with reference to the prevailing market rates and in accordance with the requirements of the applicable
and relevant laws and regulations, provided that they do not exceed the standard commission or service fee charged by
CITIC Group for the same type of service provided to an independent third party. Brokerage fees, commissions or service
fees charged by the Company shall be determined by mutual agreement with reference to the prevailing market rates and in
accordance with the requirements of the applicable and relevant laws and regulations, provided that they do not exceed the
standard commission or service fee charged by the Company for the same type of service provided to an independent third
party. The agreement is for a term of three years, commencing from 1 January 2020 and ending on 31 December 2022,
subject to renewal.


The Hong Kong Stock Exchange has granted a waiver to the Company from setting up the maximum daily balance of the
deposits (including the Group’s proprietary funds and customers’ funds) placed with the banking subsidiaries of CITIC
Group in the PRC and Hong Kong for the three financial years ending on 31 December 2022.




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report    105
Significant Events



For the year of 2020, ① the annual cap and the transaction amount of day-to-day related party/continuing connected
transactions in relation to the securities and financial products transactions; ② the maximum daily balance and the highest
balance in a single day of borrowings/loans involved in financing transactions; ③ the annual cap and the transaction
amount for the day-to-day related party/continuing connected transactions in relation to the securities and financial services,
between the Group and the CITIC Group and its subsidiaries and associates, were as follows:


                                                                                                                                  In RMB ten thousand


                                                                                                                        Percentage
                                                                                                                        of the total
                                                                              Annual cap         Transaction      amount of similar Impact on profit of
                                                                                for 2020      amount for 2020      transactions (%)     the Company

1. Securities and financial products transactions
  Net cash inflow derived from securities and
   financial products transactions (net of the
   amount of inter-financial institutions borrowings,
   repurchase agreements and beneficiary certificates)                          7,500,000           3,362,433                     —                      —
   Net cash outflow incurred for securities and
   financial products transactions (net of the
   amount of inter-financial institutions lending
   and reverse repurchase agreements)                                         17,000,000            5,485,064                     —                      —

2. Amount of inter-financial institutions borrowings and beneficiary
   certificates issued by the Group                                     Not applicable Note        37,002,000                     —                      —

                                                                                                                        Percentage
                                                                                              Highest balance           of the total
                                                                         Maximum daily         in a single day    amount of similar Impact on profit of
                                                                        balance for 2020               in 2020     transactions (%)     the Company

3. Borrowings/loans involved in financing transactions
  Maximum daily balance (including interests) of
  repurchase agreements                                                         2,000,000             192,636                     —                      —
  Maximum daily balance (including interests) of loans to
   inter-financial institutions and reverse repurchase agreements                 800,000                   —                     —                      —

                                                                                                                 Percentage of
                                                                             Annual cap          Transaction operating revenue/ Impact on profit of
                                                                               for 2020       amount for 2020     expenses (%)      the Company

4. Securities and financial services
  Income derived from securities and financial services                           240,000              81,600                   1.50                81,600
  Expenses incurred for securities and financial services                          70,000               8,205                   0.24                -8,205

Note: Inter-financial institutions borrowings by the Group from the financial institutions of CITIC Group are conducted on normal commercial terms at the
      interest rates negotiated on an arms’ length basis based on the prevailing interest rates in the interbank market with no security being given over the
      assets of the Group, and the subscriptions by CITIC Group and its associates for the beneficiary certificates issued by the Group are also conducted
      on normal commercial terms at issue price determined based on comparable market interest rates after taking into consideration the liquidity position of
      the Group with no security being given over the assets of the Group. As such, the inter-financial institutions borrowings by the Group from CITIC Group
      and its associates and the subscriptions by CITIC Group and its associates for the beneficiary certificates issued by the Group are exempt continuing
      connected transactions under Rule 14A.90 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules with no cap being set.



106
Miscellaneous Services Framework Agreement
Pursuant to the agreement renewed in 2019, the Company and CITIC Group both agreed to determine the price of relevant
services by fair and mutual agreement under conditions no less favorable than such services received from or provided to
independent third parties in compliance with the relevant laws and regulations and under normal commercial terms. For
construction project services, if the service providers are determined for the relevant services through open tender process,
the Company will select the general contractor for construction pursuant to the Construction Law of the People’s Republic
of China, the Bidding Law of the People’s Republic of China, the Contract Law of the People’s Republic of China, and other
applicable laws, regulations and relevant provisions, after taking into consideration various factors including the bidding
price, the performance of general contracting, and whether the general contractor has the top grade qualification in general
contracting of housing engineering and construction. The agreement is for a term of three years, commencing from 1
January 2020 and ending on 31 December 2022, subject to renewal.




                                                                                                                                Significant Events
For the year of 2020, the annual cap and the transaction amount of the day-to-day related party/continuing connected
transactions under the Miscellaneous Services Framework Agreement between the Group and CITIC Group and its
subsidiaries and associates were as follows:


                                                                                                       In RMB ten thousand


                                                                                            Percentage
                                                                          Transaction       of operating        Impact on
                                                         Annual cap        amount for          revenue/       profit of the
Miscellaneous services                                       for 2020             2020    expenses (%)           Company


Income derived from miscellaneous services                      2,700                83   Less than 0.01                 83
Expenses incurred for miscellaneous services                 100,000            40,951               1.21          -40,951

Property Leasing Framework Agreement and supplemental agreement
Pursuant to the Property Leasing Framework Agreement signed by the Company and CITIC Group, the Company and
CITIC Group both agreed to determine the rentals for the leased properties according to the relevant laws and regulations
and the local fair market value as confirmed by qualified independent property valuer. The agreement is for a term of ten
years, commencing from 23 September 2011 and ending on 22 September 2021. The Company signed the Supplemental
Agreement III to the Property Leasing Framework Agreement with CITIC Group on 31 December 2019 to set the annual
caps for the related party transactions in relation to day-to-day operation/continuing connected transactions of the Group
under the Property Leasing Framework Agreement for the remaining lease term under the Property Leasing Framework
Agreement (being the year of 2020 and the period from 1 January to 22 September 2021).




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   107
Significant Events



For the year of 2020, the annual rental cap and the rental amount under the Property Leasing Framework Agreement
between the Group and CITIC Group and its subsidiaries and associates were as follows:


                                                                                                           In RMB ten thousand


                                                                                                Percentage
                                                                             Transaction       of operating         Impact on
                                                           Annual cap         amount for           revenue/       profit of the
Property leasing fees                                          for 2020              2020     expenses (%)           Company


Income derived from property leasing                             60,000              3,092               0.06             3,092
Expenses incurred for property leasing                          100,000              5,043                 —                  —

The auditors engaged by the Company have reviewed the above-mentioned related party transactions in relation to day-to-
day operation/continuing connected transactions and issued a letter to the Board stating that:


•     nothing has come to its attention that may cause it to believe that such disclosed related party transactions in relation
      to day-to-day operation/continuing connected transactions have not been approved by the Board;


•     if the transactions involve the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to its attention that may
      cause it to believe that these transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policy of the
      Group;


•     nothing has come to its attention that may cause it to believe that these transactions were not entered into, in all
      material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing these transactions; and


•     with respect to the total amounts for each of such continuing connected transactions specified in the appendix of the
      day-to-day related party/continuing connected transactions letter, nothing has come to its attention that may cause it
      to believe that such disclosed day-to-day related party/continuing connected transactions have exceeded the annual
      transaction caps set by the Company.


Other related party transactions under the SSE Listing Rules in relation to day-to-day operation
According to the SSE Listing Rules, in addition to CITIC Group and its subsidiaries and associates, related parties of the
Company also include the companies in which the Directors, Supervisors or members of the Senior Management hold
positions as directors or the senior management, but they are not defined as connected persons under the Hong Kong
Listing Rules. Related party transactions between the Company and such parties are conducted in compliance with the
relevant requirements under the SSE Listing Rules, and will not constitute connected transactions under the Hong Kong
Listing Rules. During the Reporting Period, these related party transactions had been carried out in accordance with the
Resolution on Estimation of Related Party/Continuing Connected Transactions Contemplated in the Ordinary Course
of Business of the Company in 2020, which was considered and approved at the 2019 Annual General Meeting of the
Company as well as the special voting by independent Directors on related party transactions.




108
                                                                                                                                    In RMB ten thousand


                                                                                                                        Percentage
                                                                              Estimated                                of operating
                                                                             transaction          Transaction               revenue/           Impact on
                                                Type of related              amount for            amount for              expenses          profit of the
Related party                               party transactions                        2020                  2020                    (%)         Company


E-Capital Transfer                                         Expense                      500               414.45                   0.01            -414.45
  Co., Ltd.
CITIC PE Fund                                       Securities and             Calculated                 90,000                      —                    —
                                                            financial       based on the




                                                                                                                                                                   Significant Events
                                                          products             transaction
                                                      transactions           amount Note 1
Yuexiu Industrial                                           Income                900 Note 2                 4.72 Less than 0.01                        4.72
  Investment Fund

Note 1: As the market condition of the securities market is unpredictable, it is difficult to estimate the transaction amounts. As approved by the Shareholders’
        general meeting of the Company, the amount for the aforesaid securities and financial products transactions shall be calculated based on the
        transaction amount.

Note 2: Given that Mr. WANG Shuhui concurrently serves as the chairman of each of Financial Holdings Capital and Yuexiu Industrial Investment Fund, Financial
        Holdings Capital and Yuexiu Industrial Investment Fund are deemed as related parties of the Company. The estimation of related party transactions
        contemplated in the ordinary course of business in 2020 between the Group and Financial Holdings Capital and Yuexiu Industrial Investment Fund
        was considered and approved by all independent non-executive Directors of the Company on 7 May 2020. There were no related party transactions
        conducted in the ordinary course of business between the Group and Financial Holdings Capital in 2020.


Related party/connected transactions between the Group and companies holding more than 10% equity interest in
significant subsidiaries of the Company
During the Reporting Period, the following related party/connected transactions were carried out pursuant to the Resolution
on Estimation of Related Party/Continuing Connected Transactions Contemplated in the Ordinary Course of Business of the
Company in 2020, which was considered and approved at the 2019 Annual General Meeting of the Company.


                                                                                                                                    In RMB ten thousand


                                                                                                                        Percentage
                                                                              Estimated                                of operating
                                                Type of related              transaction          Transaction               revenue/           Impact on
                                              party/connected                amount for            amount for              expenses          profit of the
Related/connected party                             transactions                      2020                  2020                    (%)         Company


POWER CORPORATION                                           Income                      800               218.17 Less than 0.01                      218.17
  OF CANADA
MACKENZIE FINANCIAL                                         Income                      500               101.50 Less than 0.01                      101.50
  CORPORATION                                              Expense                      500                34.19 Less than 0.01                      -34.19




                                                                                     CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report                  109
Significant Events



Related party transactions between the Group and companies holding over 5% equity interest in the Company
Yuexiu Financial Holdings and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Financial Holdings Limited, jointly hold over 5% equity interest
in the Company, thus are the related parties of the Company under SSE Listing Rules but not connected persons under
Hong Kong Listing Rules. The related party transactions between the Company and them shall be conducted in accordance
with the relevant provisions of the SSE Listing Rules and are not the connected transactions under the Hong Kong Listing
Rules. During the Reporting Period, the following related party transactions were carried out pursuant to the Resolution on
Estimation of Related Party/Continuing Connected Transactions Contemplated in the Ordinary Course of Business of the
Company in 2020, which was considered and approved at the 2019 Annual General Meeting of the Company as well as the
special voting by independent Directors on related party transactions.

                                                                                                                             In RMB ten thousand


                                                                                                                  Percentage
                                                                          Estimated                              of operating
                                                                        transaction          Transaction              revenue/          Impact on
                                             Type of related             amount for           amount for             expenses         profit of the
Related party                            party transactions                      2020                 2020                   (%)         Company


Yuexiu Financial Holdings                                Income                    300                87.26 Less than 0.01                     87.26
Financial Holdings Limited                               Income                  2,800              147.17 Less than 0.01                    147.17
                                                       Expense                  147Note             115.42 Less than 0.01                   -115.42

Note:   The rental and deposit paid to Huadu Jianshe Road Business Department office space of Financial Holdings Limited by CITIC Securities South China
        during the period from 12 November 2019 and 12 November 2020 shall not exceed RMB1.47 million, which was considered and approved by all
        independent non-executive Directors of the Company on 2 September 2020.


Other related party/connected transactions
Bareboat Charter Contract entered between CITIC Global Trade and Shanghai CITIC Shipping Corporation Limited
Pursuant to the Bareboat Charter Contract entered into between CITIC Global Trade, a subsidiary of CITIC Futures, and
Shanghai CITIC Shipping Corporation Limited (currently renamed as CITIC Shipping (Ningbo) Corporation Limited (中信輪船
（寧波）有限公司)), the rental income received by the Company in 2020 amounted to RMB12.7434 million. For details of
the approval of this related party/connected transaction, please refer to the 2014 Annual Report of the Company.


Related party transactions in relation to acquisition or disposal of assets or equity interest
Acquisition of 100% equity interest in Guangzhou Securities by issuance of Shares
Upon completion of the acquisition of 100% equity interest in Guangzhou Securities by issuance of Shares of the Company
(for details, please refer to the 2019 Annual Report of the Company), the registered capital of the Company has been
changed from RMB12,116,908,400 to RMB12,926,776,029. On 27 May 2020, the Company obtained the approval by the
Shenzhen Market Supervision and Regulation Bureau on the change of registered capital and completed the filing in relation
to the changes to the Articles of Association of the Company.




110
Material related party transaction in relation to joint investment
Non-exercise of the Right of First Refusal by GoldStone Investment and Sanxia GoldStone Management Co., Ltd.
and formation of joint investment relationship with related party
As one of the limited partners of Sanxia GoldStone Fund, Bohai Chuangfu transfers its unpaid fund units (hereinafter referred
to as the “Target Units”) of Sanxia GoldStone Fund with an amount of RMB410 million to Financial Holdings Capital. As
investors of Sanxia GoldStone Fund, GoldStone Investment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and its subsidiary,
Sanxia GoldStone Management Co., Ltd., have a right of first refusal on the transfer of the Target Units. As GoldStone
Investment and Sanxia GoldStone Management Co., Ltd. decided not to exercise the right of first refusal, they hence form a
joint investment relationship with Financial Holdings Capital, which constitutes a related party transaction. On 23 July 2020,
the 9th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board considered and approved the Resolution on Non-exercise of the Right
of First Refusal and Formation of Joint Investment Relationship with Related Party. On the same day, Sanxia GoldStone
Management Co., Ltd. entered into the Supplementary Agreement to the Fund Unit Transfer Agreement with Bohai




                                                                                                                                                                                             Significant Events
Chuangfu and Financial Holdings Capital, and GoldStone Investment, Sanxia GoldStone Management Co., Ltd. and other
partners of Sanxia GoldStone fund signed the Resolution of the Extraordinary Partners’ Meeting and the Limited Partnership
Agreement. For details, please refer to the overseas regulatory announcement disclosed on the HKExnews website of HKEx
on 23 July 2020. Currently, Sanxia GoldStone Fund has completed the registration procedures regarding the aforesaid
changes.


Related party credits and debts

                                                                                                                                                                       In RMB Yuan


                                                                      Provision of funds to the related party                         Provision of funds by the related party
                                                                  Balance at                                 Balance at           Balance at                                 Balance at
                                          Related party        the beginning                                 the end of        the beginning                                  the end of
Related party                             relationship            of the year Amount incurred                   the year          of the year Amount incurred                   the year


Subsidiaries of CITIC Group               Subsidiaries of      85,712,309.48       -58,594,047.69         27,118,261.79        18,193,495.07            4,596,500.46      22,789,995.53
                                          Shareholder
Financial Holdings Limited                Shareholder with                 —           209,682.00            209,682.00                     —    2,290,319,023.41      2,290,319,023.41
                                          non-controlling
                                          interest
Total                                                          85,712,309.48       -58,384,365.69         27,327,943.79                     —    2,294,915,523.87      2,313,109,018.94
Causes of the related party credits and debts                Mainly include payables to the above related parties in connection with fund sales agency services, receivables from/payables
                                                             to the above related parties in respect of deposits and margins, and subordinated debts.


Impact of the related party credits and                      No adverse effect
  debts on the Company




                                                                                               CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report                                  111
Significant Events



Capital movement Between the Company and the related parties
In accordance with the Notice of the CSRC on the Regulation of Several Issues Concerning the Capital Movement between
Listed Companies and their Related Parties and the External Guarantees Provided by Listed Companies (Zheng Jian Fa
[2003] No. 56) and the Notice on Strengthening Information Disclosure Concerning Appropriation of Funds and Unlawful
Provision of Guarantees by Listed Companies of Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau (Shen Zheng Ju Fa Zi [2004] No.
338), PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP issued the Special Statement Regarding the Appropriation of Funds of CITIC
Securities Company Limited by Its Largest Shareholder and Other Related Parties (PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian Te
Shen Zi (2021) No. 0665).


Guarantees provided by related/connected parties to the Company
In 2006, the Company issued RMB-denominated corporate bonds with an amount of RMB1,500 million and a term of
15 years, which are guaranteed by CITIC Group. The guarantee was inherited by CITIC Corporation Limited according
to the reorganization agreement of CITIC Group. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the guarantee provided by CITIC
Corporation Limited to the Company amounted to a total of RMB1,500 million.


Fund set up with related/connected parties
GoldStone Investment and CITIC Securities Investment, both the Company’s wholly-owned subsidiaries, jointly contribute to
and establish Jiaxing Goldstone Pengheng Equity Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership) with Xingcheng Special Steel
and other entities, among which, GoldStone Investment and CITIC Securities Investment contribute no more than RMB280
million in aggregate. The ultimate de facto controller of both Xingcheng Special Steel and CITIC Corporation Limited, the
largest Shareholder of the Company, is CITIC Group, thus Xingcheng Special Steel is a related/connected party of the
Company and the transaction constitutes a related party/connected transaction. The transaction amount does not exceed
5% of the Company’s audited net assets as at the end of 2019, and the applicable percentage ratios under the size tests
of such transaction do not exceed 0.1% in accordance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules. This matter was considered and
approved by all independent non-executive Directors of the Company on 20 July 2020.


Opinions of independent Directors
The aforesaid related party/connected transactions were conducted at market prices based on pricing principles that are
reasonable and fair. Such transactions are not prejudicial to the interests of the non-related/connected Shareholders and do
not have any adverse effect on the independence of the Company.


The independent non-executive Directors have confirmed to the Board that they have reviewed the above-mentioned non-
exempt related party transactions in relation to day-to-day operation/continuing connected transactions and considered that
the transactions were:


•     conducted in the ordinary course of business of the Group;


•     on normal commercial terms, or if there is no comparable transaction to determine whether the terms of the
      transaction are on normal commercial terms, on terms no less favorable to the Group than those available from or to
      (as the case may be) independent third parties;


•     conducted according to the terms set out in relevant agreement, which were fair and reasonable and in the interests of
      the Shareholders as a whole.




112
During the Reporting Period, there were no other related party/connected transactions relating to the disposal or acquisition
of the Group’s assets, nor any other related party/connected transactions relating to joint external investment.


Save as disclosed above, there is no related party transaction or continuing related party transaction set out in Note 56
to the Consolidated Financial Statements that falls into the category of connected transactions or continuing connected
transactions that need to be disclosed under the Hong Kong Listing Rules. The Company has complied with the disclosure
requirements under Chapter 14A of the Hong Kong Listing Rules with respect to the connected transactions and continuing
connected transactions of the Company.


Guarantees
During the Reporting Period, the total amount of guarantees provided by the Company and its subsidiaries to subsidiaries
was RMB20,054 million. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of guarantees provided by the Company was




                                                                                                                                Significant Events
RMB53,741 million, all of which were guarantees provided by the Company and its subsidiaries to subsidiaries, representing
29.58% of the equity attributable to owners of the parent company as at the end of the Reporting Period.


Guarantees provided by the Company
According to the resolution approved at the Shareholders’ general meeting, and upon deliberation by the duly authorized
working group, the Company provided an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee on a joint and several basis for
repayment obligations under each batch of notes to be issued pursuant to an overseas medium-term notes program set up
by CITIC Securities Finance MTN, an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. The guarantee amount was US$3
billion and the scope of the guarantee includes the principal, interest and other contingent account payables of overseas
notes. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the aggregate balance of existing notes under the above-mentioned medium-
term notes program was US$2.5 billion, specifically: in 2017, CITIC Securities Finance MTN made a drawdown under the
medium-term notes program to issue five-year notes with an issue size of US$500 million; in 2018, CITIC Securities Finance
MTN made a drawdown under the medium-term notes program to issue three-year notes with an issue size of US$300
million; in 2019, CITIC Securities Finance MTN made a drawdown under the medium-term notes program with an issue size
of US$700 million, including three-year notes of US$500 million and five-year notes of US$200 million; during the Reporting
Period, CITIC Securities Finance MTN made a drawdown under the medium-term notes program with an issue size of
US$1 billion, including three-year notes of US$500 million and five-year notes of US$500 million.


According to the resolution approved at the Shareholders’ general meeting and upon deliberation by the Company’s
management, the Company provided an unconditional and irrevocable guarantee for the Euro-commercial papers project
set up by CITIC Securities Finance MTN with a guarantee period from 4 May 2018 to 4 May 2023 and an amount of
US$3,000 million. The scope of the guarantee includes the principal, interest and other contingent account payables of
overseas notes. During the Reporting Period, CITIC Securities Finance MTN issued 12 tranches of Euro-commercial papers
in aggregate with a total issue size of US$854 million. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the balance of existing notes
was US$378 million.


According to a resolution approved at the 2019 First Extraordinary General Meeting, the Company provided joint and
several liability guarantee for the subordinated bonds issued by Guangzhou Securities (renamed as “CITIC Securities
South China”) with total issuance size of not more than RMB4 billion and a term of no more than 7 years, the scope of
which includes the principal of the guaranteed bonds and interest payable, default penalty, damages, all expenses incurred
for realizing the creditor’s rights and other fees payable. As at 31 December 2020, the outstanding balance of the above
existing bonds was RMB1,010 million.



                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   113
Significant Events



Guarantees provided by subsidiaries
During the Reporting Period, among all the subsidiaries of the Company, CSI had provided guarantees for the benefits of the
relevant subsidiaries of CSI in connection with their business operations, which mainly included loan guarantees, guarantees
for medium-term notes and the guarantees for the transactions under the International Swaps and Derivatives Association
agreements (ISDA) and Global Master Securities Lending agreements (GMSLA) entered into with counterparties. The
amount of the above-mentioned guarantee was approximately RMB33,948 million as at 31 December 2020.


In addition, CSI and CLSA B.V. have issued unlimited guarantees for various International Swaps and Derivatives Association
agreements (ISDA), Global Master Repurchase agreements (GMRA), Global Master Securities Lending agreements
(GMSLA) and Broker-Dealer agreements. The above-mentioned unlimited guarantees have been issued in accordance
with normal practices in the international banking industry and capital market, which allow the banks and other financial
institutions trading with CSI, CLSA B.V. and their subsidiaries to assume large market trading volume and fluctuating
demands, therefore ensuring CSI, CLSA B.V. and their subsidiaries are not unnecessarily constrained in the normal course
of business. Quantifying the maximum exposure underlying such unlimited guarantees is impracticable, however, since both
CSI and CLSA B.V. are companies with limited liabilities, the absolute maximum exposure of these guarantees in aggregate
would alternatively be limited to the respective net asset value of CSI and CLSA B.V..


As at the end of the Reporting Period, the above-mentioned debt guarantees directly or indirectly provided to guaranteed
parties with a gearing ratio of more than 70% amounted to RMB51,850 million, all of which were guarantees provided by the
Company and its overseas subsidiaries to their respective subsidiaries to meet the needs of business operations.


Other Significant Events and Subsequent Events
Changes to securities business outlets
The Company
During the Reporting Period, the Company changed Guangdong Branch Office to Guangzhou Zhujiang West Road
Securities Outlet, dissolved six securities outlets and completed same-city relocation of 20 branches.


Details of dissolved securities outlets are as follows:


 No.    Name of outlets                                   Address

 1      Shanghai Loushanguan Road Securities              Rooms 2006–2007, 20/F, No. 555 Loushanguan Road, Tianshan
           Outlet                                           Road, Changning District, Shanghai
 2       Shanghai Xinsong Road Securities Outlet          Room 302, Building 1, No. 58 Xinsong Road, Minhang District,
                                                            Shanghai
 3       Shanghai CITIC Plaza Securities Outlet           Rooms 2902 and 2903, No. 859 Sichuan North Road, Hongkou
                                                            District, Shanghai
 4       Hangzhou Lijing Road Securities Outlet           A-103-2, No. 18 Lijing Road, Xihu District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang
                                                            Province
 5       Hangzhou Moganshan Road Securities               No. 1, No. 3 Moganshan Road, Xixi Street, Xihu District, Hangzhou,
           Outlet                                           Zhejiang Province
 6       Jiaxing Fanggong Road Securities Outlet          No. 1301 Fanggong Road, Nanhu District, Jiaxing, Zhejiang
                                                            Province




114
Details of the relocation of branches are as follows:


 No.     Original Name of Branches         Current Name of Branches         Address After Relocation


 1       Heilongjiang Branch Office        Heilongjiang Branch Office       No. 1150 Jinjiang Road, Daoli District, Harbin,
                                                                              Heilongjiang Province
 2       Wuhan Dongfeng Avenue             Wuhan Dongfeng Avenue            Room 101, 2/F, Building E, Phase II, Donghe
           Securities Outlet                  Securities Outlet               Center, Parcel 17C1, Economic & Technical
                                                                              Development Zone, Wuhan, Hubei Province
 3       Rugao Jiankang South Road         Rugao Fushou Road                No. 278-6 Fushou Road, Rucheng Street,
           Securities Outlet                  Securities Outlet               Rugao, Jiangsu Province
 4       Hangzhou Yingbin Road             Hangzhou Xincheng Road           Rooms 103, 601, 602 and 603, No. 108




                                                                                                                               Significant Events
           Securities Outlet                  Securities Outlet               Xincheng Road, Nanyuan Street, Yuhang
                                                                              District, Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province
 5       Xiangyang Jiefang Road            Xiangyang Changhong Road         Rooms 6–7, 1/F and Rooms 6–11, 2/F, Gushan
           Securities Outlet                  Securities Outlet               Building, No. 56 Changhong Road, Fancheng
                                                                              District, Xiangyang, Hubei Province
 6       Dongguan Songshan Lake            Dongguan Songshan Lake           Rooms 101 and 202, Building 1, No. 15
           Securities Outlet                  Securities Outlet               Gongye West Road, Songshan Lake Zone,
                                                                              Dongguan, Guangdong Province
 7       Hangzhou Siji Road Securities     Hangzhou Fuchun Road             Rooms 107-2, 108, 1201–1203, Building 3,
           Outlet                             Securities Outlet               Qianjiang International Times Square, No. 290
                                                                              Fuchun Road, Jianggan District, Hangzhou,
                                                                              Zhejiang Province
 8       Changsha Yuelu Avenue             Changsha Jinxing Middle          Room 101, High-rise Residence, Phase III,
           Securities Outlet                  Road Securities Outlet          Xianjia Village, No. 480 Jinxing Middle Road,
                                                                              Yuelu District, Changsha, Hunan Province
 9       Changxing Mingzhu Road            Changxing Mingzhu Road           Rooms 107, 1801, South Building, No. 1358
           Securities Outlet                  Securities Outlet               Mingzhu Road, Taihu Street, Changxing
                                                                              County, Huzhou, Zhejiang Province
 10      Gansu Branch Office               Gansu Branch Office              4/F, Lanzhou SOHO Tower, No. 9 Minzhu West
                                                                              Road, Chengguan District, Lanzhou, Gansu
                                                                              Province
 11      Shangyu Wangchong Road            Shangyu Wangchong Road           No. 569, 571, 573, Wangchong Road, Baiguan
           Securities Outlet                  Securities Outlet               Street, Shangyu District, Shaoxing, Zhejiang
                                                                              Province
 12      Quanzhou Anji Road                Quanzhou Fengze Street           Unit 03, 20/F, Nanyi Square Office, No. 666
           Securities Outlet                  Securities Outlet               Fengze Street, Fengze District, Quanzhou,
                                                                              Fujian Province
 13      Huizhou Maidi East Road           Huizhou Huishadi 2nd Road        No. 02, 1/F and No. 01, 4/F, Building 1,
           Securities Outlet                  Securities Outlet               Yuehuhui Garden, No. 86, Huishadi 2nd
                                                                              Road, Henanan, Huicheng District, Huizhou,
                                                                              Guangdong Province




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   115
Significant Events



 No.     Original Name of Branches        Current Name of Branches         Address After Relocation


 14      Ningbo Beilun Xinda Road         Ningbo Beilun Xinqi Securities   No. 827, Building 1, No. 827, No. 829, Building
           Securities Outlet                Outlet                           1, No. 829, No. 831, Building 1, No. 831,
                                                                             No. 833, Building 1, No. 833 Huangshan
                                                                             Road, Xinqi, Beilun District, Ningbo, Zhejiang
                                                                             Province
 15      Tongxiang Fuxing North Road      Tongxiang Zhenxing East          No. 36, No. 38, 1/F and Room 501, Building 1,
           Securities Outlet                Road Securities Outlet           Datong Mingyue Community, No. 18,
                                                                             Zhenxing East Road, Wutong Street,
                                                                             Tongxiang City, Jiaxing, Zhejiang Province
 16      Dalian Jinma Road Securities     Dalian Zhongshan Road            Unit 03, 10/F, Xiwang Mansion, No. 136
           Outlet                           Securities Outlet                Zhongshan Road, Zhongshan
                                                                             District, Dalian, Liaoning Province
 17      Shenzhen Futian South            Shenzhen Shum Yip                4302, Building T2, Shum Yip Upperhills Tower
           Securities Outlet                Upperhills Tower Securities      (South District), No. 5001 Huanggang Road,
                                            Outlet                           Lianhua Yicun Community, Huafu Street,
                                                                             Futian District, Shenzhen
 18      Wuhan Shuiguohu Securities       Wuhan Zhongbei Road              No. 102, No. 103, 1F, Zhiyin Square, No. 31
           Outlet                           Securities Outlet                Zhongbei Road, Wuchang District, Wuhan,
                                                                             Hubei Province
 19      Guangzhou Zhujiang West          Guangzhou Linjiang Avenue        Room 901, No. 395, Linjiang Avenue, Tianhe
           Road Securities Outlet           Tiande Plaza Securities          District, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province
                                            Outlet                           (Part: Zibian 02)
 20      Yiwu Chengzhong Middle           Yiwu Chengzhong Middle           1F, No. 168 Chengzhong Middle Road,
           Road Securities Outlet           Road Securities Outlet           Choucheng Street, Yiwu, Zhejiang Province

As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company had 32 branch offices and 202 securities outlets.


CITIC Securities (Shandong)
During the Reporting Period, there were no changes in the branches of CITIC Securities (Shandong). As at the end of
Reporting Period, CITIC Securities (Shandong) had 6 branch offices and 64 securities outlets.


CITIC Futures
During the Reporting Period, CITIC Futures established 5 new branch offices; 7 branches completed same-city relocation;
and 1 branch was renamed.




116
Details of the new branch offices are as follows:


 No.     Name of the branch office                    Address

 1       Shenzhen Branch Office                       2006, Building T1, Shum Yip Upperhills Tower (South District), No.
                                                         5001 Huanggang Road, Lianhua Yicun Community, Huafu Street,
                                                         Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province
 2       Jiangsu Branch Office                        Room 2404, No. 168 Lushan Road, Jianye District, Nanjing,
                                                         Jiangsu Province
 3       Beijing Dongcheng Branch Office              47-(07)702, 7/F, No. 47 Guangqumennei Avenue, Dongcheng
                                                         District, Beijing
 4       Rizhao Branch Office                         Room 102, 1/F and Room 702, 7/F, Building 13, Phase III,




                                                                                                                               Significant Events
                                                         Wangfu Garden, South of Taian Road and East of Beijing Road,
                                                         Donggang District, Rizhao, Shandong Province
 5       Guangzhou Branch Office                      Room 3407, No. 15 Zhujiang West Road, Tianhe District,
                                                         Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province

Details of the relocation and change of name of branches are as follows:


 No.     Name of the branch                           Address after relocation

 1       Beijing Branch Office                        47-(07)701, 7/F, No. 47 Guangqumennei Avenue, Dongcheng
                                                         District, Beijing
 2       Shanghai Branch Office                       Unit 1301-1, No. 799 Yanggao South Road, China (Shanghai) Pilot
                                                         Free Trade Zone
 3       Yiwu Outlet                                  7/F, No. 168, Chengzhong Middle Road, Choucheng Street, Yiwu
                                                         City, Zhejiang Province
 4       Shenzhen Branch Office                       2006, Building T1, Shum Yip Upperhills Tower (South District), No.
                                                         5001 Huanggang Road, Lianhua Yicun Community, Huafu Street,
                                                         Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province
 5       Guangdong Branch Office                      Room 3602, No. 761 Dongfeng East Road, Yuexiu District,
                                                         Guangzhou City, Guangdong Province
 6       Jiangxi Branch Office                        Room 305, Office Building C1, District C, Greenland Central Plaza,
                                                         No. 998 Honggu Middle Avenue, Honggutan New District,
                                                         Nanchang, Jiangxi Province


 No.     Original name of the branch       Current name of the branch        Address after relocation


 7       Shanghai Songlin Road             Shanghai Century Avenue           Unit 04, 9/F, No. 1568 Century Avenue, China
           Branch Office                     Branch Office                     (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone

As at the end of the Reporting Period, CITIC Futures had 44 branch offices and 4 futures outlets.




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   117
Significant Events



CITIC Securities South China
From 31 January 2020 (being the date on which CITIC Securities South China was consolidated into the financial
statements of the Company) to the end of Reporting Period, CITIC Securities South China dissolved 70 branches; 4
branches were renamed; and 2 securities outlets completed same-city relocation.


Details of dissolved branches are as follows:


 No.     Name of branches                             Address


 1       Shenzhen Branch Office                       Room 208, 2/F, Huarong Mansion, No. 178 Mintian Road, Futian
                                                        District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province
 2       Guangzhou Branch Office                      Room 1302, No. 106 Fengze East Road, Nansha District,
                                                        Guangzhou, Guangdong Province
 3       Guangxi Branch Office                        Rooms B1301, B1302, B1303 and B1305, 13/F, Mengzhidao
                                                        Plaza, No. 67 Jinhu North Road, Qingxiu District, Nanning,
                                                        Guangxi Province
 4       Hainan Branch Office                         Northeast of 19/F, Hainan Times Square, No. 2 Guomao Road,
                                                        Longhua District, Haikou, Hainan Province
 5       Henan Branch Office                          No. 101, 1/F, No. 7 Business Outer Ring Road, Zhengdong New
                                                        District, Zhengzhou, Henan Province
 6       Heilongjiang Branch Office                   No. 1150 Jinjiang Road, Daoli District, Harbin, Heilongjiang Province
 7       Jilin Branch Office                          Area B, Building 14, Tonggang International Mansion B, No. 3218
                                                        Yatai Avenue, Nanguan District, Changchun, Jilin Province
 8       Jiangsu Branch Office                        Room 4001, Xindi Center Phase I, No. 188 Lushan Road, Jianye
                                                        District, Nanjing, Jiangsu Province
 9       Ganzhou Branch Office                        Business #1–7, Haode Yinzuo, No. 18 Zhangjiang South Avenue,
                                                        Zhanggong District, Ganzhou, Jiangxi Province
 10      Shandong Branch Office                       No. 105, Building 5, No. 1 Community, Sanjian Ruifuyuan, No.
                                                        20999 Jingshi Road, Shizhong District, Jinan, Shandong Province
 11      Shanxi Branch Office                         Room 10B, 3/F, Building CD Podium, No. 529 South Middle Ring
                                                        Street, Gaoxin District, Taiyuan, Shanxi Province
 12      Chongqing Branch Office                      No. 05, 03/F, Chengda Jinjia International Mansion, No. 10 Guihua
                                                        Street Slip Road, Jiangbei District, Chongqing
 13      Jiangxi Branch Office                        Unit-4106 (41/F) of Lianfa Plaza Office Building, No. 129 Lvyin
                                                        Road, Honggutan New District, Nanchang, Jiangxi Province
 14      Inner Mongolia Branch Office                 Room 201, 2/F, Shops 3–5, Building 7 Fuheng Garden, Tengfei
                                                        Avenue, Saihan District, Hohhot, Inner Mongolia Autonomous
                                                        Region
 15      Hohhot Tengfei Avenue Securities Outlet      2/F, Shops 3–5, Building 7 Fuheng Garden, Tengfei Avenue, Saihan
                                                        District, Hohhot, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region
 16      Beijing Wudinghou Street Securities Outlet   Room 105, Taikang International Mansion, No. 2 Wudinghou Street,
                                                        Xicheng District, Beijing




118
No.   Name of branches                            Address


17    Fuzhou Wusi Road Securities Outlet          Units 806 and 807, Xinhe Plaza, No. 137 Wusi Road, Wenquan
                                                    Street, Gulou District, Fuzhou, Fujian Province
18    Longyan Shuimen Road Securities Outlet      No. 20–21, 1/F, Hengbao Garden, No. 1 Shuimen Road, East City,
                                                    Xinluo District, Longyan, Fujian Province
19    Zhangzhou Xinpu East Road Securities        D11-D12, Building 18, Zhangzhou City Pudong Non-Staple Food
        Outlet                                      Wholesale Market, No. 3 New Pudong Road, Longwen District,
                                                    Zhangzhou, Fujian Province
20    Quanzhou Jinhuai Street Securities Outlet   Shops 31 and 32, Building #1 Qunsheng Guojihuacheng, Northeast
                                                    side of Cross of Citong East Road and Jinhuai Street, Fengze
                                                    District, Quanzhou, Fujian Province




                                                                                                                           Significant Events
21    Xiamen Lujiang Avenue Securities Outlet     Unit 03, 01/F, Yishan Business Center (Xiamen Fortune Center), No.
                                                    100 Lujiang Avenue, Siming District, Xiamen, Fujian Province
22    Foshan Shunde Xingui Road Securities        No. 303 and 305, Block 2, Mingri Plaza, Xingui Road, Daliang
        Outlet                                      Fuyou Neighborhood Committee, Shunde District, Foshan,
                                                    Guangdong Province
23    Dongguan Qingxi Securities Outlet           401–402, 4/F, Minghui Mansion, No. 5 Lucheng West Road,
                                                    Qingsha Village, Qingxi Town, Dongguan, Guangdong Province
24    Guangzhou Zhujiang East Road Dongta         01&02, 11/F, Guangzhou CTF Finance Center Mansion, No. 6
        Securities Outlet                           Zhujiang East Road, Tianhe District, Guangzhou, Guangdong
                                                    Province
25    Zhongshan Fourth Road Securities Outlet     Ka 05, 8/F, Block 2, Shangfeng Financial Business Center, No.
                                                    88 Zhongshan 4th Road, East District, Zhongshan, Guangdong
                                                    Province
26    Jiaozuo Minzhu South Road Securities        Shops 7 and 8, 1/F, Commercial and Residential Building, No.
        Outlet                                      1 Jiaozuo Nongxin Community, No. 889 Minzhu South Road,
                                                    Jiefang District, Jiaozuo, Henan Province
27    Luoyang Luopu Road Securities Outlet        No. 114–116, Luopu Road, Xigong District, Luoyang, Henan
                                                    Province
28    Huangshi Guangchang Road Securities         Room 402, 4/F, No. 2 Guangchang Road, Huangshigang District,
        Outlet                                      Huangshi, Hubei Province
29    Jingmen Xiangshan One Road Securities       Shops #102 and #103, No. 28 Xiangshan 1st Road, Dongbao
        Outlet                                      District, Jingmen, Hubei Province
30    Changzhou High-tech Park Securities         Building E, No. 3 High-tech Park, Xinbei District, Changzhou,
        Outlet                                      Jiangsu Province (No. 101 Changzhou Small and Micro Financial
                                                    Service Center)
31    Jiangyin Chengjiang Middle Road             1201, No. 5-1 Chengjiang Middle Road, Jiangyin, Jiangsu Province
        Securities Outlet
32    Taizhou Gulou South Road Securities         No. 409-9 Gulou South Road, Hailing District, Taizhou, Jiangsu
        Outlet                                      Province




                                                               CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   119
Significant Events



No.   Name of branches                            Address


33    Suqian Xihu Road Securities Outlet          No. 13-1 and 13-2 Bank of Communications Building, Kailinrui, No.
                                                    139 Xihu Road, Sucheng District, Suqian, Jiangsu Province
34    Xuzhou Heping Road Securities Outlet        102-2 Wenyuan Mansion, No. 59 Heping Road, Yunlong District,
                                                    Xuzhou, Jiangsu Province
35    Yancheng Qingnian Middle Road               Rooms 1205 and 1206 (5), Building 2, Shenghua Mingduyuan, No.
        Securities Outlet                           26 Qingnian Middle Road, Yancheng, Jiangsu Province
36    Zhangjiagang Renmin Middle Road             301 Henglong Mansion, No. 50 Renmin Middle Road, Yangshe
        Securities Outlet                           Town, Zhangjiagang, Jiangsu Province
37    Jiujiang Duchang Dongfeng Avenue            2/F, China Construction Bank Building, No. 371 Dongfeng Avenue,
        Securities Outlet                           Duchang County, Jiujiang, Jiangxi Province
38    Yichun Xiujiang East Road Securities        No. 1 Xiujiang East Road, Yuanzhou District, Yichun, Jiangxi
        Outlet                                      Province
39    Dalian Zhongshan Road Securities Outlet     Unit 03, 10/F, Xiwang Mansion, No. 136 Zhongshan Road,
                                                    Zhongshan District, Dalian, Liaoning Province
40    Yinchuan Yinjiaqu North Street Securities   3/F, Xinye Mansion, No. 70 Yinjiaqu North Street, Jinfeng District,
        Outlet                                      Yinchuan, Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region
41    Datong Renmin Road Securities Outlet        No. 27 Renmin Road, Datong County, Xining, Qinghai Province
42    Dongying Jinan Road Securities Outlet       No. 17, Building 3, No. 19 Jinan Road, Dongying District, Dongying,
                                                    Shandong Province
43    Qingdao Qinling Road Securities Outlet      1203A, 12/F, Yongxin International Finance Center, No. 6 Qinling
                                                    Road, Laoshan Road, Qingdao, Shandong Province
44    Weihai Shichang Avenue Securities Outlet    Shop -3-2-14, Shichang Avenue, Huancui District, Weihai,
                                                    Shandong Province
45    Yantai South Street Securities Outlet       18/F Jindu Mansion, No. 9 South Street, Zhifu District, Yantai,
                                                    Shandong Province
46    Zibo Lutai Avenue Securities Outlet         Room 305, Block A, Huijin Mansion, No. 99 Lutai Avenue, Hi-tech
                                                    Zone, Zibo, Shandong Province
47    Baoji Park Road Securities Outlet           No. 3 and 4, 1/F, Complex Building, No. 79 Park Road, High-tech
                                                    Development Zone, Baoji, Shaanxi Province
48    Shanghai Yanggao South Road Securities      Unit 02, 15/F (nominal floor, actual floor 13/F), No. 799 Yanggao
        Outlet                                      South Road, China (Shanghai) Pilot Free Trade Zone
49    Panzhihua Bingcaogang Street Securities     Room 609, 6/F, Tailong Business Mansion, No. 58 Bingcaogang
        Outlet                                      Street, East District, Panzhihua, Sichuan Province
50    Mianyang Linyuan Road Securities Outlet     No. 19–22, 28/F, Xinyi Mansion (Building) Office Building, No. 72
                                                    Linyuan Road East Section, Fucheng District, Mianyang, Sichuan
                                                    Province
51    Chengdu Jiaozi Avenue Securities Outlet     No. 2, 2/F, Building 3, No. 88 Jiaozi Avenue, Hi-tech District,
                                                    Chengdu, Sichuan Province
52    Huzhou Laodong Road Securities Outlet       Room 1005, Zhebei Financial Center, Dongwu International Plaza,
                                                    Wuxing District, Huzhou, Zhejiang Province




120
No.   Name of branches                            Address


53    Jiaxing Zhongshan West Road Securities      No. 928 and Room 213, No. 908 Zhongshan West Road, Jiaxing,
        Outlet                                      Zhejiang Province
54    Jinhua Shuanglong South Street              No. 1328 Shuanglong South Street, Jinhua, Zhejiang Province
        Securities Outlet
55    Lishui Zhongshan Street Securities Outlet   No. 797 Zhongshan Street, Liandu District, Lishui, Zhejiang
                                                    Province
56    Ningbo Jiangdong North Road Securities      1303 Guting Building, Ningbo Hefeng Creative Square, Building 004
        Outlet                                      (13-1), No. 495 Jiangdong North Road, Yinzhou District, Ningbo,
                                                    Zhejiang Province
57    Shaoxing Yundong Road Securities Outlet     Room 1103, Tianyuan Mansion, Yuecheng District, Shaoxing,




                                                                                                                            Significant Events
                                                    Zhejiang Province
58    Taizhou East Ring Avenue Securities         No. 96, 98, 100 and 102 East Ring Avenue, Jiaojiang District,
        Outlet                                      Taizhou, Zhejiang Province (Self-declaration)
59    Wenzhou Wendi Road Securities Outlet        No. 73 Wendi Road, Lucheng District, Wenzhou, Zhejiang
60    Zhoushan Hexing Road Securities Outlet      Room 102, Zhongchang International Mansion, No. 31 Hexing
                                                    Road, Lincheng Street, Dinghai District, Zhoushan, Zhejiang
                                                    Province (Second shop from South, West side)
61    Wuhu Beijing Middle Road Securities         Rooms 808 and 809, Weixing Times Financial Center, No. 7 Beijing
        Outlet                                      Middle Road, Jinghu District, Wuhu, Anhui Province
62    Lanzhou Hezheng East Street Securities      Room 009–012, 1st Floor, No. 163, Hezheng East Street,
        Outlet                                      Chengguan District, Lanzhou, Gansu Province
63    Shijiazhuang Jianshe South Street           Shop No. 1 South, Donggang Phase III, Donggang Yiyuan
        Securities Outlet                           Community, Jianshe South Street, Yuhua District, Shijiazhuang,
                                                    Hebei Province
64    Yiyang Yiyang Avenue Securities Outlet      9th Floor, Jiaxin Building, No. 289 West Yiyang Avenue, High-tech
                                                    Zone, Yiyang, Hunan Province
65    Xiangtan Xiaguang East Road Securities      Room 701, No. 0701001, No. 85 Xiaguang East Road, Baota
        Outlet                                      Street, Yuetang District, Xiangtan, Hunan Province
66    Jilin Songjiang Middle Road Securities      Outlet 2–5, No. 5, Floor 1, Unit 1, Building 2, Cuijiang Jinyuan,
        Outlet                                      Chuanying District, Jilin, Jilin Province
67    Anshan Jiefang East Road Securities         No. S38, Floor 1–2, Building 38, Jiefang East Road, Tiedong
        Outlet                                      District, Anshan, Liaoning Province
68    Fushun Hunhe South Road Securities          Shops No. 8 and No. 9, Building 56-14, Middle Section of Hunhe
        Outlet                                      South Road, Xinfu District, Fushun, Liaoning Province
69    Tianjin Youyi Road Securities Outlet        Block AB, 15th Floor, North Financial Building, No. 5 Youyi Road,
                                                    Hexi District, Tianjin
70    Foshan Branch Office                        No. 2, 2/F, Annex Building of Economic Commission Building,
                                                    No. 61, Nanhai Avenue North, Guicheng Street, Nanhai District,
                                                    Foshan, Guangdong Province




                                                               CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report    121
Significant Events



Details of change of name of branches are as follows:


 No.     Name before relocation                           Name after relocation


 1       Anhui Branch Office                              Hefei Changjiang Road Securities Outlet
 2       Hunan Branch Office                              Changsha Furong Middle Road Securities Outlet
 3       Liaoning Branch Office                           Shenyang Nanjing North Street Securities Outlet
 4       Yunnan Branch Office                             Kunming Qingnian Road Securities Outlet

Details of the relocation of securities outlets are as follows:


         Original name of                    Current name of
 No.     securities outlets                  securities outlets               Address After Relocation

 1       Guangzhou Jinsui Road               Guangzhou Chenyue Road           Shops 107–108, No. 1 Chenyue Road, Haizhu
            Securities Outlet                  Securities Outlet                District, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province
 2       Huadu Jianshe Road                  Guangzhou Huadu Shuguang         Room 101 (Part: Shop A7), Room 701 (Part:
            Securities Outlet                  Road Securities Outlet           Shop A1), No. 79, Shuguang Road, Huadu
                                                                                District, Guangzhou, Guangdong Province

As at the end of the Reporting Period, CITIC Securities South China had 2 branch offices and 65 securities outlets.

CSI
During the Reporting Period, CSI established 1 new branch and dissolved one branch.


Details of the new branch office are as follows:


 No.     Name                                             Address


 1       ICC CITICS Plus Center                           Room 7507B, 75/F, International Commerce Center,
                                                            No. 1 Austin Road West, Kowloon, Hong Kong

Details of the dissolved branch are as follows:


 No.     Name                                             Address


 1       Central Branch                                   Room 508–9, 5/F, Tower 1, Admiralty Centre, Admiralty,
                                                            Hong Kong

As at the end of the Reporting Period, CSI had 4 branches.




122
Kington Securities
During the Reporting Period, Kington Securities completed same-city relocation of 2 securities outlets. Details of the
relocation are as follows:


         Original name of                  Current name of
 No.     securities outlets                securities outlets                Address After Relocation

 1       Tiantai County Houxiang           Tiantai Huiquan West Street       No. 313 Huiquan West Street, Shifeng Street,
           Securities Outlet                 Securities Outlet                 Tiantai County, Taizhou, Zhejiang Province
 2       Cangnan Longgang Avenue           Cangnan Renmin Avenue             Room 912 Dashunfa Commercial Building, No.
           Securities Outlet                 Securities Outlet                 919 Renmin Avenue, Lingxi Town, Cangnan
                                                                               County, Wenzhou, Zhejiang Province




                                                                                                                                 Significant Events
As at the end of the Reporting Period, Kington Securities had 2 securities outlets.


Subsequent Progress of Matters Previously Announced
Reducing capital in CITIC Securities (Shandong)
On 28 December 2018, the 33rd Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board considered and approved the Resolution on
Reducing Capital in CITIC Securities (Shandong) Co., Ltd., pursuant to which, it was agreed to transfer 3,406 sq.m. of land
located at No. 67-1, Haiquan Road, Wenquan subdistrict office, Jimo City, Shandong Province, which is currently owned
by CITIC Securities (Shandong), to the parent company at a consideration of the price of such asset upon completion
of the transfer of title; i.e. to reduce capital in CITIC Securities (Shandong) accordingly, the amount of which shall not
exceed RMB6.47 million, and the registered capital of CITIC Securities (Shandong) shall be reduced accordingly; and the
management of the Company was authorised to deal with, at its sole discretion, all relevant procedures related to the capital
reduction on the condition that all the risk control indicators of the Company are in line with the regulatory requirements.
Currently, the Company has completed its capital reduction in CITIC Securities (Shandong) and the registered capital of
CITIC Securities (Shandong) has been changed from RMB2,500 million to RMB2,493.80 million. Both the registration and
filing procedures for such capital reduction have been completed.


Standardizing the publicly-offered collective investment schemes
In accordance with the Resolution on Standardizing the Publicly-offered Collective Investment Schemes of the Company
as considered and approved by the 35th Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board, the matters relating to rectification
and standardization of the publicly-offered collective investment schemes of the Company are being executed in an orderly
manner. Currently, eight applications for modifications to the contracts of the publicly-offered collective investment schemes
of the Company have been approved by the CSRC and the schemes are managed normally following the model of public
funds. The rectification and standardization of other publicly-offered collective investment schemes of the Company are
being processed in an active and orderly manner.




                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   123
Significant Events



Dissolution of five securities outlets
On 13 November 2019, the 46th Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board considered and approved the Resolution on
the Dissolution of Five Securities Outlets, pursuant to which, it was agreed to dissolve five securities outlets including
Shanghai Loushanguan Road Securities Outlet, Shanghai CITIC Plaza Securities Outlet, Hangzhou Lijing Road Securities
Outlet, Hangzhou Moganshan Road Securities Outlet and Jiaxing Fanggong Road Securities Outlet; and authorised the
management of the Company to proceed with procedures relating to the dissolution. Currently, the aforementioned five
securities outlets have all completed the dissolution.


Construction of the CITIC Financial Center project
On 7 May 2020, the 6th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board considered and approved the Resolution on the
Construction of the CITIC Financial Center Project, pursuant to which, it was agreed that the construction cost of the
CITIC Financial Center project shall not exceed RMB4.534 billion, of which as to 60% will be assumed by the Company
and as to 40% will be assumed by its wholly-owned subsidiary, GoldStone ZeXin; and the management was authorized
to handle matters related to the investment and construction of the project in accordance with the law, including but not
limited to launching public bidding for EPC project, signing project-related contracts, and handling approval procedures
with regulatory authorities, etc. The public bidding process for the EPC project on the construction of the CITIC Financial
Center has been completed on 27 July 2020, and CITIC Construction Co., Ltd. was the successful bidder with a bid price of
RMB3,740,435,184.71. Currently, the EPC contract of the project has been signed and the construction has started.


Acquisition of 100% equity interests in Guangzheng Lingxiu Investment Company Limited (廣證領秀投資有限公司)
On 28 April 2020, the 5th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board considered and approved the Resolution on
Acquisition of 100% Equity Interest in Guangzheng Lingxiu Investment Company Limited, pursuant to which, it was agreed
that the Company will acquire 100% equity interest in Guangzheng Lingxiu Investment Company Limited from CITIC
Securities South China at a consideration of the audited net asset value of Guangzheng Lingxiu Investment Company
Limited as at 31 January 2020; and CITIC Securities Investment was authorized to assist the Company in handling the
specific matters relating to the above-mentioned acquisition. Currently, the equity transfer agreement has been entered into
and both the registration and filing procedures for the equity transfer have been completed.


Increasing capital in CSI
On 23 July 2020, the 9th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board considered and approved the Resolution on
Increasing Capital in CSI, pursuant to which, it was agreed to increase the Company’s capital contribution in CSI by no more
than US$1.5 billion in cash, which will be paid up in tranches according to the development of the Company’s overseas
balance sheet business, and the first payment will not exceed US$300 million; and it was also agreed that the management
shall handle the filing and approval procedures in relation to the capital increase on the condition that all the risk control
indicators of the Company are in line with regulatory requirements. Currently, the relevant procedures for the capital increase
are in progress.




124
Investment
On 16 September 2020, the 14th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board considered and approved the Resolution on
Investment through Overseas Subsidiaries, pursuant to which, it was agreed that the Company would subscribe for all Class
A Shares of Biomedical Future Limited through its indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary, Neptune Connection Limited, at a
consideration of US$83.472 million and participate in the privatization of an overseas listed company; and the management
was authorized to deal with, at its sole discretion, the specific matters relating to the transaction, including but not limited
to execution of the transaction documents and the commitment letter in relation to the privatization and payment of the
capital contribution. Currently, the signing of capital contribution agreement and payment of capital contribution have been
completed.


Reducing capital in CITIC Securities South China
On 20 November 2020, the 16th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board considered and approved the Resolution




                                                                                                                                   Significant Events
on Reducing Capital in CITIC Securities South China Company Limited, pursuant to which, it was agreed to reduce the
Company’s capital contribution in CITIC Securities South China by no more than RMB7 billion (inclusive), which will proceed
in tranches according to the business operation of CITIC Securities South China; and it was also agreed that the Company’s
management shall handle the filing and approval procedures in relation to the capital reduction on the condition that all
the risk control indicators of CITIC Securities South China are in line with regulatory requirements. Currently, the relevant
procedures for the capital reduction are in progress.


Others
Authorization granted to the management to decide on the establishment and dissolution of securities branches
On 7 May 2020, the 6th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board considered and approved the Resolution on
Authorizing the Management to Decide on the Establishment and Dissolution of Securities Branches, pursuant to which,
it was agreed that the management was authorized by the Board to decide on the following matters: the establishment
of securities branches within the scope of investment authority of the Board as set out in the Articles of Association of
the Company, and the operating capital of each newly established securities branch shall not exceed RMB5 million; the
dissolution of securities branches after a comprehensive and reasonable assessment on the net income size, number of
effective customers and customers’ assets, the number of front office employees, the level of employee productivity, and
the network layout of the existing securities branches. Please refer to “Changes to securities business outlets” as set out in
this report for details about the establishment and dissolution of securities branches of the Company during the Reporting
Period.


Money laundering risk assessment of institutions
According to the Notice of the People’s Bank of China on Issuing the Guidelines on Risk Management of Money Laundering
and Terrorism Financing of Corporate Financial Institutions (Trial) (Yin Fan Xi Fa [2018] No. 19) (《關於印發<法人金融機構洗
錢和恐怖融資風險管理指引(試行)>的通知》（銀反洗發[2018]19號）), the Company regularly conducts money laundering
risk assessment at the corporate institution level. On 30 August 2020, the Resolution on Considering the 2019 Money
Laundering Risk Assessment Report of the Company was considered and unanimously approved at the 13th Meeting of the
Seventh Session of the Board.




                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report    125
Significant Events



Adjustment of the General Administration Department
On 6 January 2021, the 17th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board of the Company considered and unanimously
approved the Resolution on the Adjustment of the General Administration Department, pursuant to which, it was agreed that
the General Administration Department shall cease to be a first-tier department of the Company and would be affiliated to
the General Manager’s Office. The above-mentioned adjustment has been completed in January 2021.


Acquisition of certain securities outlets of CITIC Securities South China
On 19 February 2021, the 18th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board of the Company considered and unanimously
approved the Resolution on the Acquisition of 31 Securities Outlets from CITIC Securities South China outside the Five
Provinces, pursuant to which, it was agreed to acquire 31 securities outlets in the regions excluding Guangdong Province
(excluding Shenzhen), Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, Yunnan Province, Hainan Province and Guizhou Province from
CITIC Securities South China. At present, the acquisition is in process.


Establishment of an asset management subsidiary
On 22 February 2021, the 19th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board of the Company considered and approved the
Proposal on the Establishment of an Asset Management Subsidiary and the Corresponding Change to the Business Scope
of the Company. It is agreed that CITIC Securities Asset Management Co., Ltd. (中信証劵資產管理有限公司) (tentative
name) shall be set up as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company with a capital contribution not exceeding RMB3 billion
(inclusive, and including the initial registered capital of RMB1 billion) to engage in securities asset management business,
management of public offering of securities investment funds and other businesses approved by the regulatory authorities,
among which the application for the management of public offering of securities investment funds is subject to the issuance
of the relevant regulations. The name and business scope of the subsidiary shall be subject to the approval by the regulatory
authority and the registration authority. It is agreed that the Company shall provide a net capital guarantee commitment of
no more than RMB7 billion (inclusive) in aggregate to it in accordance with the regulatory requirements and after considering
the risk control indicators of the subsidiary; the effective period of the net capital guarantee commitment shall commence
from the date of the establishment of the subsidiary and until the date when its capital status can continuously meet
the requirements of the regulatory authority; the management shall be authorized to complete the relevant procedures
according to the actual needs and the regulatory requirements. It is agreed that after the establishment of the subsidiary,
it shall inherit the securities asset management business of the Company. It is agreed to amend the business scope of
the Company in relation to securities asset management accordingly, and the operation management is authorized to
formulate and adjust the specific expression of the business scope of the Company and the subsidiary, submit regulatory
application materials, handle the change of the business scope of the Company, handle the change of relevant industrial
and commercial registration, and renew the securities business license, etc. It is agreed that the Company’s management
shall be authorized to handle the preparation, approval, establishment and registration of the subsidiary at its sole discretion.




126
Proposed Issuance of Securities by way of the Rights Issue
On 26 February 2021, the 20th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board of the Company preliminarily considered and
approved the Proposal on the Issuance of Securities by way of Rights Issue (hereinafter referred to as the “Rights Issue”)
and other relevant proposals. The type of the Shares to be issued and allotted under the Rights Issue (the “Rights Shares”)
are A Shares and H Shares, each with a nominal amount of RMB1.00 per Share, which will be issued and allotted to all
the existing A Shareholders and H Shareholders on the basis of up to 1.5 Rights Shares for every 10 existing Shares. The
subscription price shall be determined using market discount method and it is proposed that authorization is to be granted
by the general meeting to the Board to make a final decision on the subscription price prior to the issuance of the Rights
Shares after taking into consideration the then prevailing market conditions and through consultation with the sponsor(s)
(underwriter(s)). The accumulated undistributed profits of the Company prior to the completion of the Rights Issue shall be
shared by all Shareholders on a pro rata basis after completion of the A Share Rights Issue and H Share Rights Issue. Upon
obtaining the approval by the CSRC on the Rights Issue, the Rights Shares will be allotted and issued to all Shareholders in




                                                                                                                               Significant Events
due course within the prescribed period. The A Rights Shares will be underwritten on a best effort basis, and the H Rights
Shares will be underwritten. The gross proceeds raised from the Rights Issue is expected to be no more than RMB28 billion.
The proceeds raised from the Rights Issue, after deduction of relevant expenses relating to the issuance, will be used for
the development of flow-based business, the increase in investments to the subsidiaries of the Company, the strengthening
of construction of the information system and the replenishment of other working capital. Upon the completion of the
Rights Issue, the A Shares and H Shares issued under the Rights Issue will be listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange
and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The proposal of the Rights Issue is subject to the consideration and approval by
the Shareholders at the Shareholders’ general meeting, the A Shareholders Class Meeting and the H Shareholders Class
Meeting of the Company (the effective period of the relevant resolutions shall be 12 months) and the approval by the CSRC.




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   127
Changes in Share Capital and
Information on Substantial Shareholders
The Share Capital Structure of the Company as at 31 December 2020 was as Follows:
                                                                                                                                        Percentage
                                                                                                                                              of the
                                                                                                         Number of                     total number
      Name of Shareholders                                          Type of Shares                   Shares (shares)                  of Shares (%)

      CITIC Group Corporation                                               A Shares                   1,999,695,746                            15.47
      Public holders of A Shares                                            A Shares                   8,648,752,583                            66.91
      Public holders of H Shares                                            H Shares                   2,278,327,700                            17.62

      Total                                                                           —              12,926,776,029                          100.00

Changes in Shares of the Company
                                                                                                                                         Unit: Shares


                                                                                       Increase/decrease during
                                                        Before the change                   the period (+, –)                After the change
                                                                                          Issue of
                                                         Number     Percentage (%)    new shares           Sub-total       Number       Percentage (%)

I.      Shares subject to trading moratorium           23,919,000             0.197   809,867,629        809,867,629    833,786,629               6.450
        1. State-owned legal person Shares                     —                 —    809,867,629        809,867,629    809,867,629               6.265
        2. Other domestic Shares                       23,919,000             0.197            —                  —      23,919,000               0.185
II.     Shares not subject to trading moratorium   12,092,989,400            99.803            —                  — 12,092,989,400               93.550
        1. RMB ordinary Shares                      9,814,661,700            81.000            —                  — 9,814,661,700                75.925
        2. Overseas listed foreign Shares           2,278,327,700            18.803            —                  — 2,278,327,700                17.625
III.    Total Shares                               12,116,908,400           100.000   809,867,629        809,867,629 12,926,776,029             100.000

Explanation in relation to changes in Shares
The newly issued Shares of the Company under the acquisition of 100% equity interest in former Guangzhou Securities by
issuance of Shares had been registered with CSDC Shanghai Branch on 11 March 2020. Upon completion of the issuance,
the total issued Shares of the Company increased from 12,116,908,400 Shares to 12,926,776,029 Shares, among which,
the number of A Shares increased from 9,838,580,700 Shares to 10,648,448,329 Shares and the number of H Shares
remained unchanged as 2,278,327,700 Shares.


The impact of changes in ordinary shares on financial indicators, such as earnings per Share and net
assets per Share, in the latest year or period
Calculated based on the number of total issued Shares of the Company prior to the acquisition of 100% equity interest in
former Guangzhou Securities by issuance of Shares, being 12,116,908,400 Shares, the earnings per Share and net assets
per Share of the Company in 2020 were RMB1.23 and RMB15.00 respectively. Calculated based on the number of total
issued Shares of the Company after completion of the issuance, being 12,926,776,029 Shares, the earnings per Share and
net assets per Share of the Company in 2020 were RMB1.16 and RMB14.06 respectively.




128
Changes in Shares Subject to Trading Moratorium
                                                                                                                                       Unit: Shares


                                                                        Increase
                                   Number of                           in Shares            Number of
                              Shares subject       Number of               subject      Shares subject
                                    to trading Shares released         to trading            to trading                              Date of Shares
                                moratorium at     from trading       moratorium         moratorium at                                 to be released
                                the beginning     moratorium          during the        the end of the     Reason for Trading          from trading
 Name of Shareholder               of the year during the year                year                year              moratorium          moratorium

                                                                                                          Shareholder undertook
                                                                                                              to comply with the
 Guangzhou Yuexiu Financial                                                                               trading moratorium for
  Holdings Group Limited                   —                 —        544,514,633          544,514,633               48 months           2024-03-11




                                                                                                                                                       Changes in Share Capital and Information on Substantial Shareholders
                                                                                                          Shareholder undertook
                                                                                                              to comply with the
 Guangzhou Yuexiu Financial                                                                               trading moratorium for
  Holdings Group Co., Ltd.                 —                 —        265,352,996          265,352,996               48 months           2024-03-11

 Total                                     —                 —        809,867,629          809,867,629                         /                   /

Issuance and Listing of Securities
                                                                                                                Unit: Shares         Currency: RMB


                                                                                                                         Amount
                                                                                                                       approved
                                                                                                                       for listing
                                                              Issue price            Issue size                      and trading
 Type of Shares and                                      (or interest rate)           (hundred                          (hundred
 derivative securities                   Date of Issue                 (%)             million)   Date of listing         million)    Maturity date


 Corporate bonds, Short-term commercial papers
 Short-term commercial papers               2020-01-15              2.78                 40.00       2020-01-19             40.00        2020-04-16
 Short-term commercial papers               2020-02-14              2.50                 40.00       2020-02-19             40.00        2020-05-18
 Corporate bonds                            2020-02-20              3.02                 30.00       2020-02-28             30.00        2023-02-21
 Corporate bonds                            2020-02-20              3.31                 20.00       2020-02-28             20.00        2025-02-21
 Short-term commercial papers               2020-02-21              2.45                 40.00       2020-02-26             40.00        2020-05-25
 Short-term commercial papers               2020-03-03              2.39                 40.00       2020-03-06             40.00        2020-06-03
 Corporate bonds                            2020-03-09              2.95                 22.00       2020-03-17             22.00        2023-03-10
 Corporate bonds                            2020-03-09              3.20                 20.00       2020-03-17             20.00        2025-03-10
 Short-term commercial papers               2020-03-11              2.16                 50.00       2020-03-16             50.00        2020-06-11




                                                                               CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report              129
Changes in Share Capital and
Information on Substantial Shareholders

                                                                                                      Amount
                                                                                                    approved
                                                                                                    for listing
                                                    Issue price     Issue size                     and trading
Type of Shares and                             (or interest rate)    (hundred                        (hundred
derivative securities          Date of Issue                 (%)      million)   Date of listing       million)   Maturity date


Subordinated bonds               2020-03-20               3.32          20.00       2020-04-01           20.00      2023-03-24
Short-term commercial papers     2020-03-23               1.78          50.00       2020-03-26           50.00      2020-06-23
Short-term commercial papers     2020-04-03               1.50          60.00       2020-04-09           60.00      2020-07-07
Corporate bonds                  2020-04-10               1.88          15.00       2020-04-21           15.00      2021-04-16
Corporate bonds                  2020-04-10               2.54          33.00       2020-04-21           33.00      2023-04-14
Corporate bonds                  2020-04-10               3.10          10.00       2020-04-21           10.00      2025-04-14
Short-term commercial papers     2020-04-16               1.40          60.00       2020-04-21           60.00      2020-07-17
Short-term commercial papers     2020-05-11               1.55          50.00       2020-05-14           50.00      2020-08-11
Short-term commercial papers     2020-05-21               1.55          50.00       2020-05-26           50.00      2020-08-21
Short-term commercial papers     2020-05-26               1.58          40.00       2020-05-29           40.00      2020-08-26
Corporate bonds                  2020-05-29               2.08          10.00       2020-06-09           10.00      2021-06-02
Corporate bonds                  2020-05-29               2.70          45.00       2020-06-09           45.00      2023-06-02
Short-term commercial papers     2020-06-11               2.20          40.00       2020-06-16           40.00      2020-09-11
Corporate bonds                  2020-06-17               3.10          20.00       2020-06-29           20.00      2023-06-19
Short-term commercial papers     2020-07-07               1.95          50.00       2020-07-10           50.00      2020-09-30
Corporate bonds                  2020-07-10               3.58          30.00       2020-07-21           30.00      2023-07-14
Corporate bonds                  2020-07-24               2.84           5.00       2020-08-04            5.00      2021-04-28
Corporate bonds                  2020-07-24               3.49          75.00       2020-08-04           75.00      2023-07-28
Corporate bonds                  2020-08-05               2.95          28.00       2020-08-14           28.00      2021-08-07
Corporate bonds                  2020-08-05               3.55          52.00       2020-08-14           52.00      2023-08-07
Corporate bonds                  2020-08-20               2.95          42.00       2020-08-31           42.00      2021-08-29
Corporate bonds                  2020-08-20               3.48          28.00       2020-08-31           28.00      2023-08-24
Corporate bonds                  2020-09-09               3.23          22.00       2020-09-17           22.00      2021-09-16
Corporate bonds                  2020-09-09               4.20           8.00       2020-09-17            8.00      2030-09-11
Corporate bonds                  2020-10-19               3.48          75.00       2020-10-28           75.00      2022-10-21
Corporate bonds                  2020-10-26               3.16           8.00       2020-11-04            8.00      2021-11-02
Corporate bonds                  2020-10-26               3.45          43.00       2020-11-04           43.00      2022-10-28
Corporate bonds                  2020-10-26               4.27           9.00       2020-11-04            9.00      2030-10-28
Corporate bonds                  2020-11-16               3.53          56.00       2020-02-28           56.00      2021-11-24
Euro-commercial paper            2020-03-09               1.44           6.52       2020-03-11            6.52      2020-09-11
Euro-commercial paper            2020-03-06               1.44           3.26       2020-03-13            3.26      2020-09-14
Euro-commercial paper            2020-03-18               2.25           6.52       2020-03-25            6.52      2020-06-26
Euro-commercial paper            2020-05-18               2.00          11.42       2020-05-22           11.42      2020-11-23
Euro-commercial paper            2020-05-22               2.00           3.26       2020-05-26            3.26      2020-11-27
Euro-commercial paper            2020-05-19               2.00           3.26       2020-05-26            3.26      2021-05-25




130
                                                                                                               Amount
                                                                                                             approved
                                                                                                             for listing
                                                         Issue price        Issue size                      and trading
 Type of Shares and                                 (or interest rate)       (hundred                         (hundred
 derivative securities              Date of Issue                 (%)          million)   Date of listing       million)   Maturity date


 Overseas medium-term notes           2020-05-27               2.00              32.62       2020-06-03           32.62      2025-06-03
 Overseas medium-term notes           2020-05-27               1.75              32.62       2020-06-03           32.62      2023-06-03
 Euro-commercial paper                2020-08-18               1.30               1.96       2020-08-20            1.96      2021-08-19
 Euro-commercial paper                2020-09-10               1.05               6.52       2020-09-17            6.52      2021-09-16
 Euro-commercial paper                2020-10-16               0.74               1.96       2020-10-20            1.96      2021-01-20
 Euro-commercial paper                2020-11-12               0.95              19.57       2020-11-19           19.57      2021-05-19
 Euro-commercial paper                2020-11-18               1.00               0.65       2020-11-25            0.65      2021-11-24
 Euro-commercial paper                2020-12-08               1.00               7.83       2020-12-15            7.83      2021-12-14




                                                                                                                                           Changes in Share Capital and Information on Substantial Shareholders
Description of issue of securities during the Reporting Period:


The Company issued a short-term commercial paper on 15 January 2020, which was listed on Interbank on 19 January
2020, with a size of RMB4.0 billion, a nominal interest rate of 2.78% and a term of 90 days.


The Company issued a short-term commercial paper on 14 February 2020, which was listed on Interbank on 19 February
2020, with a size of RMB4.0 billion, a nominal interest rate of 2.50% and a term of 90 days.


The Company issued a public corporate bond on 20 February 2020, which was listed on the SSE on 28 February 2020 and
consists of two types of products, among which, the 3-year type has a size of RMB3.0 billion and a nominal interest rate of
3.02% and the 5-year type has a size of RMB2.0 billion and a nominal interest rate of 3.31%.


The Company issued a short-term commercial paper on 21 February 2020, which was listed on Interbank on 26 February
2020, with a size of RMB4.0 billion, a nominal interest rate of 2.45% and a term of 90 days. The Company issued a short-
term commercial paper on 3 March 2020, which was listed on Interbank on 6 March 2020, with a size of RMB4.0 billion, a
nominal interest rate of 2.39% and a term of 90 days.


The Company issued a public corporate bond on 9 March 2020, which was listed on the SSE on 17 March 2020 and
consists of two types of products, among which, the 3-year type has a size of RMB2.2 billion and a nominal interest rate of
2.95% and the 5-year type has a size of RMB2.0 billion and a nominal interest rate of 3.20%.


The Company issued a short-term commercial paper on 11 March 2020, which was listed on Interbank on 16 March 2020,
with a size of RMB5.0 billion, a nominal interest rate of 2.16% and a term of 90 days.


The Company issued a Subordinated bond on 20 March 2020, which was listed on the SSE on 1 April 2020 and consists of
two types of products, among which, the 3-year type has a size of RMB2.0 billion and a nominal interest rate of 3.32% and
the second type of products has not been issued.




                                                                         CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report        131
Changes in Share Capital and
Information on Substantial Shareholders

The Company issued a short-term commercial paper on 23 March 2020, which was listed on Interbank on 26 March 2020,
with a size of RMB5.0 billion, a nominal interest rate of 1.78% and a term of 90 days.


The Company issued a short-term commercial paper on 3 April 2020, which was listed on Interbank on 9 April 2020, with a
size of RMB6.0 billion, a nominal interest rate of 1.50% and a term of 90 days.


The Company issued a public corporate bond on 10 April 2020, which was listed on the SSE on 21 April 2020 and consists
of three types of products, among which, the 367-day type has a size of RMB1.5 billion and a nominal interest rate of
1.88%, the 3-year type has a size of RMB3.3 billion and a nominal interest rate of 2.54% and the 5-year type has a size of
RMB1.0 billion and a nominal interest rate of 3.10%.


The Company issued a short-term commercial paper on 16 April 2020, which was listed on Interbank on 21 April 2020, with
a size of RMB6.0 billion, a nominal interest rate of 1.40% and a term of 88 days.


The Company issued a short-term commercial paper on 11 May 2020, which was listed on Interbank on 14 May 2020, with
a size of RMB5.0 billion, a nominal interest rate of 1.55% and a term of 90 days.


The Company issued a short-term commercial paper on 21 May 2020, which was listed on Interbank on 26 May 2020, with
a size of RMB5.0 billion, a nominal interest rate of 1.55% and a term of 88 days.


The Company issued a short-term commercial paper on 26 May 2020, which was listed on Interbank on 29 May 2020, with
a size of RMB4.0 billion, a nominal interest rate of 1.58% and a term of 90 days.


The Company issued a public corporate bond on 29 May 2020, which was listed on the SSE on 9 June 2020 and consists
of three types of products, among which, the 365-day type has a size of RMB1.0 billion and a nominal interest rate of
2.08%, the 3-year type has a size of RMB4.5 billion and a nominal interest rate of 2.70% and the third type of products has
not been issued.


The Company issued a short-term commercial paper on 11 June 2020, which was listed on Interbank on 16 June 2020,
with a size of RMB4.0 billion, a nominal interest rate of 2.20% and a term of 88 days.


The Company issued a public corporate bond on 17 June 2020, which was listed on the SSE on 29 June 2020 and
consists of two types of products, among which, the 3-year type has a size of RMB2.0 billion and a nominal interest rate of
3.10% and the second type of products has not been issued.


The Company issued a short-term commercial paper on 7 July 2020, which was listed on Interbank on 10 July 2020, with a
size of RMB5.0 billion, a nominal interest rate of 1.95% and a term of 83 days.


The Company issued a public corporate bond on 10 July 2020, which was listed on the SSE on 21 July 2020 and consists
of two types of products, among which, the 3-year type has a size of RMB3.0 billion and a nominal interest rate of 3.58%
and the second type of products has not been issued.




132
The Company issued a public corporate bond on 24 July 2020, which was listed on the SSE on 4 August 2020 and
consists of two types of products, among which, the 274-day type has a size of RMB0.5 billion and a nominal interest rate
of 2.84% and the 3-year type has a size of RMB7.5 billion and a nominal interest rate of 3.49%.


The Company issued a public corporate bond on 5 August 2020, which was listed on the SSE on 14 August 2020 and
consists of two types of products, among which, the 365-day type has a size of RMB2.8 billion and a nominal interest rate
of 2.95% and the 3-year type has a size of RMB5.2 billion and a nominal interest rate of 3.55%.


The Company issued a public corporate bond on 20 August 2020, which was listed on the SSE on 31 August 2020 and
consists of two types of products, among which, the 370-day type has a size of RMB4.2 billion and a nominal interest rate
of 2.95% and the 3-year type has a size of RMB2.8 billion and a nominal interest rate of 3.48%.


The Company issued a public corporate bond on 9 September 2020, which was listed on the SSE on 17 September 2020
and consists of two types of products, among which, the 370-day type has a size of RMB2.2 billion and a nominal interest
rate of 3.23% and the 10-year type has a size of RMB0.8 billion and a nominal interest rate of 4.20%.




                                                                                                                              Changes in Share Capital and Information on Substantial Shareholders
The Company issued a public corporate bond on 19 October 2020, which was listed on the SSE on 28 October 2020 and
consists of two types of products, among which, the first type of products has not been issued and the 2-year type has a
size of RMB7.5 billion and a nominal interest rate of 3.48%.


The Company issued a public corporate bond on 26 October 2020, which was listed on the SSE on 4 November 2020 and
consists of three types of products, among which, the 370-day type has a size of RMB0.8 billion and a nominal interest rate
of 3.16%, the 2-year type has a size of RMB4.3 billion and a nominal interest rate of 3.45% and the 10-year type has a size
of RMB0.9 billion and a nominal interest rate of 4.27%


The Company issued a private corporate bond on 16 November 2020, which was listed on the SSE on 26 November 2020,
with a size of RMB5.6 billion, a nominal interest rate of 3.53% and a term of 371 days.


The Company issued a Euro-commercial paper on 9 March 2020, which was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on
11 March 2020, with a size of US$0.1 billion, an effective interest rate of 1.44% and a term of 184 days.


The Company issued a Euro-commercial paper on 6 March 2020, which was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on
13 March 2020, with a size of US$0.05 billion, an effective interest rate of 1.44% and a term of 185 days.


The Company issued a Euro-commercial paper on 18 March 2020, which was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on
25 March 2020, with a size of US$0.1 billion, an effective interest rate of 2.25% and a term of 93 days.


The Company issued a Euro-commercial paper on 18 May 2020, which was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on
22 May 2020, with a size of US$0.175 billion, an effective interest rate of 2.00% and a term of 185 days.


The Company issued a Euro-commercial paper on 22 May 2020, which was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on
26 May 2020, with a size of US$0.05 billion, an effective interest rate of 2.00% and a term of 185 days.




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   133
Changes in Share Capital and
Information on Substantial Shareholders

The Company issued a Euro-commercial paper on 19 May 2020, which was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on
26 May 2020, with a size of US$0.05 billion, an effective interest rate of 2.00% and a term of 364 days.


The Company issued an overseas medium-term note on 27 May 2020, which was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
on 3 June 2020, with a size of US$0.5 billion, a nominal interest rate of 2.00% and a term of 5 years.


The Company issued an overseas medium-term note on 27 May 2020, which was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
on 3 June 2020, with a size of US$0.5 billion, a nominal interest rate of 1.75% and a term of 3 years.


The Company issued a Euro-commercial paper on 18 August 2020, which was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange on
20 August 2020, with a size of US$0.03 billion, an effective interest rate of 1.30% and a term of 364 days.


The Company issued a Euro-commercial paper on 10 September 2020, which was listed on the Hong Kong Stock
Exchange on 17 September 2020, with a size of US$0.1 billion, an effective interest rate of 1.05% and a term of 364 days.


The Company issued a Euro-commercial paper on 16 October 2020, which was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
on 20 October 2020, with a size of US$0.03 billion, an effective interest rate of 0.74% and a term of 92 days.


The Company issued a Euro-commercial paper on 12 November 2020, which was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
on 19 November 2020 with a size of US$0.3 billion, an effective interest rate of 0.95% and a term of 181 days.


The Company issued a Euro-commercial paper on 18 November 2020, which was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
on 25 November 2020, with a size of US$0.01 billion, an effective interest rate of 1.00% and a term of 364 days.


The Company issued a Euro-commercial paper on 8 December 2020, which was listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange
on 15 December 2020, with a size of US$0.12 billion, an effective interest rate of 1.00% and a term of 364 days.


Information on Shareholders
Total number of Shareholders of the Company as at 31 December 2020: 622,988 Shareholders, including 622,831 A
Shareholders and 157 registered H Shareholders.


Total number of Shareholders of the Company as at the end of the month immediately preceding the disclosure date of the
2020 Annual Results Announcement of the Company (i.e. 28 February 2021): 678,129 Shareholders, including 677,974 A
Shareholders and 155 registered H Shareholders.




134
Shareholdings of the top 10 Shareholders as at 31 December 2020


                                                                                                Number
                                                Change         Number of                      of Shares
                                                                                                          Shares pledged or
                                              during the      Shares held                  held subject
                                                                                                               frozen
                                              Reporting         at the end   Percentage      to trading                          Nature of the
 Full name of Shareholder                         Period     of the period          (%)    moratorium       Status    Number     Shareholder

 HKSCC Nominees Limited Note 1                   658,502     2,277,352,769         17.62             —    Unknown            —   Foreign legal person
 CITIC Corporation Limited                            —      1,999,695,746         15.47             —         Nil           —   State-owned legal
                                                                                                                                   person
 Guangzhou Yuexiu Financial Holdings         544,514,633      544,514,633           4.21    544,514,633         Nil          —   State-owned legal
   Group Limited                                                                                                                   person
 China Securities Finance Corporation                 —       362,296,197           2.80             —          Nil          —   Unknown
   Limited
 Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company        53,295,819      308,251,199           2.38             —          Nil          —   Foreign legal person
   Limited Note 2




                                                                                                                                                           Changes in Share Capital and Information on Substantial Shareholders
 Guangzhou Yuexiu Financial Holdings         265,352,996      265,352,996           2.05    265,352,996         Nil          —   State-owned legal
   Group Co., Ltd.                                                                                                                 person
 Central Huijin Asset Management                      —       198,709,100           1.54             —          Nil          —   State-owned legal
   Corporation Limited                                                                                                             person
 China Construction Bank Corporation —       101,455,206      183,265,129           1.42             —          Nil          —   Unknown
   Guotai CSI All Share Securities Company
   Trading Index Securities Investment
   Open-ended Fund
 Da Cheng Fund — Agricultural Bank —                  —       153,726,217           1.19             —          Nil          —   Unknown
   Da Cheng China Securities and Financial
   Assets Management Program
 China AMC Fund — Agricultural Bank                   —       144,472,197           1.12             —          Nil          —   Unknown
   — China AMC China Securities and
   Financial Assets Management Program

Note 1: HKSCC Nominees Limited is the nominal holder of the Shares held by non-registered H Shareholders of the Company.

Note 2: The Shares held by Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company Limited refer to Shares held by non-registered Shareholders of northbound of the
        Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect.

Note 3: Nature of A Shareholders represents the nature of account held by A Shareholders with the Shanghai branch of CSDC.

Note 4: The shareholding information listed above was extracted from the register of Shareholders of the Company as of 31 December 2020.

Note 5: As the Shares of the Company could be used as underlying securities for margin financing and securities lending, the shareholdings of the
        Shareholders are the aggregate of all the Shares and interests held in ordinary securities accounts and credit securities accounts.




                                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report                 135
Changes in Share Capital and
Information on Substantial Shareholders

Shareholdings of the top 10 holders of tradable Shares not subject to trading moratorium as of 31
December 2020


                                                     Number of
                                                tradable Shares
                                                held not subject
                                                      to trading    Class and number of Shares
 Name of Shareholders                               moratorium                     Class         Number


 HKSCC Nominees Limited                           2,277,352,769    Overseas-listed foreign   2,277,352,769
                                                                                   shares
 CITIC Corporation Limited                        1,999,695,746     RMB ordinary Shares      1,999,695,746
 China Securities Finance Corporation Limited       362,296,197     RMB ordinary Shares       362,296,197
 Hong Kong Securities Clearing Company              308,251,199     RMB ordinary Shares       308,251,199
   Limited
 Central Huijin Asset Management Corporation        198,709,100     RMB ordinary Shares       198,709,100
   Limited
 China Construction Bank Corporation —              183,265,129     RMB ordinary Shares       183,265,129
   Guotai CSI All Share Securities Company
   Trading Index Securities Investment
   Open-ended Fund
 Da Cheng Fund — Agricultural Bank —                153,726,217     RMB ordinary Shares       153,726,217
   Da Cheng China Securities and
   Financial Assets Management Program
 China AMC Fund — Agricultural Bank —               144,472,197     RMB ordinary Shares       144,472,197
   China AMC China Securities and
   Financial Assets Management Program
 Zhong Ou Fund — Agricultural Bank —                140,178,900     RMB ordinary Shares       140,178,900
   Zhong Ou China Securities and
   Financial Assets Management Program
 GF Fund — Agricultural Bank —                      140,049,999     RMB ordinary Shares       140,049,999
   GF China Securities and
   Financial Assets Management Program




136
Shareholdings of the holders of tradable Shares subject to trading moratorium as of 31 December
2020

                                                                                                              Unit: Shares


                                                    Listing and trading of Shares subject
                                                             to trading moratorium
                                    Number of                                    Number of
                                   Shares held                                 Shares newly
        Name of Shareholders         subject to                                  eligible for
        subject to trading              trading     Date eligible for            listing and    Terms of trading
 No.    moratorium                 moratorium       listing and trading             trading     moratorium


 1      Guangzhou Yuexiu           544,514,633      2024-03-11                            —     Shareholder undertook




                                                                                                                             Changes in Share Capital and Information on Substantial Shareholders
          Financial Holdings                                                                      to comply with the
          Group Limited                                                                           trading moratorium for
                                                                                                  48 months
 2      Guangzhou Yuexiu           265,352,996      2024-03-11                            —     Shareholder undertook
          Financial Holdings                                                                      to comply with the
          Group Co., Ltd.                                                                         trading moratorium for
                                                                                                  48 months
 3      Incentive shares held       23,919,000      To be determined after                —     To be determined after
          under custody and                           the implementation                          the implementation
          others                                      of the incentive share                      of the incentive share
                                                      scheme                                      scheme


 Details of related party or    Guangzhou Yuexiu Financial Holdings Group Limited is a wholly-owned subsidiary of
 concert party relationship     Guangzhou Yuexiu Financial Holdings Group Co., Ltd., and the two companies are
 among the above Shareholders   parties acting in concert.




                                                               CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     137
Changes in Share Capital and
Information on Substantial Shareholders

Information on substantial Shareholders of the Company
Largest Shareholder
The largest Shareholder of the Company is CITIC Corporation Limited. As of 31 December 2020, it directly held 15.47%
Shares in the Company. In addition, there was no other Shareholder of the Company who held more than 10% Shares.
Details of CITIC Corporation Limited are as follows:


CITIC Corporation Limited was established on 27 December 2011, the existing legal representative is Mr. ZHU Hexin
and the president is Mr. XI Guohua. Its registered capital is RMB139 billion and the unified social credibility code is
911100007178317092. It is principally engaged in: 1. investment and management in financial sectors, including investment
and management of domestic and foreign banks, securities, insurance, trust, asset management, futures, leasing, funds,
credit card and other financial enterprises and related industries; 2. investment and management in non-financial sectors,
including (1) energy, transport and other infrastructure; (2) exploration of mining, timber and other resources and raw
material industry; (3) machinery manufacturing; (4) real estate development; (5) information industry: information system
infrastructure, basic telecommunication and value-added telecommunication business; (6) commerce and trade services
and other industries: environmental protection; pharmaceuticals, bio-engineering as well as new materials; aviation,
transportation, warehousing, hotel, tourism; international trade and domestic trade, import and export business, commerce;
education, publishing, media, culture and sports; consultancy service; 3. granting shareholder loans to its offshore and
domestic subsidiaries; capital operation; asset management; domestic and overseas engineering design, constructions,
contracting and sub-contracting, export of labor service, and other approved businesses. (The enterprise may independently
choose projects to operate and conduct business activities according to the law. The entity was changed from a domestic
enterprise to a foreign-invested enterprise on 22 July 2014; as for projects which require approval in accordance with the
law, prior approvals from the competent authorities shall be obtained before operational activities are conducted and the
company shall conduct operational activities within the scope approved by the competent authorities. No business activity
shall be carried out if prohibited by the industrial policies of the municipality or restricted by the authorities.)


CITIC Group, the de facto controller of CITIC Corporation Limited, was established in 1979, the existing legal representative
is Mr. ZHU Hexin and the president is Mr. XI Guohua. Its registered capital is RMB205,311,476,359.03 and the unified social
credibility code is 9110000010168558XU. Its principal businesses are as follows: investment and management of domestic
and foreign banks, securities, insurance, trust, asset management, futures, leasing, funds, credit card financial enterprises
and related industries, energy, transport infrastructure, mining, exploration of timber resources and raw material industry,
machinery manufacturing, real estate development, information system infrastructure, basic telecommunication and value-
added telecommunication business, environmental protection, medicine, bio-engineering as well as new materials, aviation,
transportation, warehousing, hotel, tourism, international trade and domestic trade, commerce, education, publishing,
media, culture and sports, overseas and domestic engineering design, construction, contracting and sub-contracting,
industry investment; asset management; capital operation; project tendering, surveying, design, construction, supervision,
contracting and subcontracting, consultant service industry; external deployment of staff required to implement overseas
projects suitable for its capabilities, scale and results performance; import and export business; information service business
(internet information services only, excluding information search and query services, information community services, instant
information interaction services and information protection and processing services). (The enterprise may independently
choose projects to operate and conduct business activities according to the law. As for projects which require approval in
accordance with the law, prior approvals from the competent authorities shall be obtained before operational activities are
conducted and the company shall conduct operational activities within the scope approved by the competent authorities.
No business activity shall be carried out if prohibited by the industrial policies of the municipality or restricted by the
authorities.)



138
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the shareholding structure of the Company was as follows:


                                                       CITIC Group


                                     100%                                               100%

                          CITIC Glory Limited                              CITIC Polaris Limited


                                     25.60%                                             32.53%




                                                       CITIC Limited

                                                               100%




                                                                                                                              Changes in Share Capital and Information on Substantial Shareholders
                                                CITIC Corporation Limited

                                                              15.47%

                                                     CITIC Securities
                                                    Company Limited


As at the end of the Reporting Period, information of other major listed companies controlled or invested, directly or
indirectly by CITIC Limited or CITIC Corporation Limited was as follows:


         Name of Listed                                      Shareholding
 No.     Company                              Stock code       percentage     Name of shareholder


 1       China CITIC Bank Corporation         601998.SH             65.97%    CITIC Corporation Limited (65.37%)
           Limited                            00998.HK                        Fortune Class Investments Limited (0.02%)
                                                                              Metal Link Limited (0.58%)
 2       CITIC Heavy Industries Co., Ltd.     601608.SH             67.27%    CITIC Corporation Limited (60.49%)
                                                                              CITIC Investment Holdings Limited (4.52%)
                                                                                CITIC Automobiles Limited (2.26%)
 3       CITIC Offshore Helicopter Co., Ltd. 000099.SZ              38.63%    CITIC Offshore Helicopter Limited Liabilities
                                                                                Company
 4       CITIC Press Group Co., Ltd.          300788.SZ             73.50%    CITIC Corporation Limited (62.70%)
                                                                              CITIC Investment Holdings Limited (10.80%)
 5       CITIC Resources Holdings Limited     01205.HK              59.50%    Keentech Group Ltd. (49.57%)
                                                                              CITIC Australia Pty Limited (9.55%)
                                                                              Fortune Class Investments Limited (0.38%)




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   139
Changes in Share Capital and
Information on Substantial Shareholders

           Name of Listed                                                     Shareholding
 No.       Company                                        Stock code            percentage          Name of shareholder


 6         CITIC Telecom International                    01883.HK                    58.11%        Richtone Enterprises Inc. (3.68%)
              Holdings Limited                                                                      Ease Action Investments Corp. (33.88%)
                                                                                                    Silver Log Holdings Ltd. (16.68%)
                                                                                                    Perfect New Holdings Limited (3.87%)
 7         CITIC Pacific Special Steel Group              000708.SZ                   83.85%        CITIC Pacific China Holdings Limited (4.26%)
              Co., Ltd. Note 1                                                                      Hubei Xinye Steel Limited (4.53%)
                                                                                                    CITIC Pacific Special Steel Investment
                                                                                                       Limited (75.05%)
 8         Yuan Long Ping High-Tech                       000998.SZ                   20.56%        CITICS Industrial Investment Group
              Agriculture Co., Ltd.                                                                    Corp. (0.82%)
                                                                                                    CITIC Agriculture., LTD. (16.54%)
                                                                                                    Shenzhen Xinnong Investment Center LP
                                                                                                       (3.20%)
 9         China Overseas Land & Investment 00688.HK                                      10%       Complete Noble Investments Limited
              Limited
 10        Frontier Services Group Limited                00500.HK                    25.91%        Easy Flow Investments Limited
 11        Ivanhoe Mines Ltd.                             IVN.TSX                     26.09%        CITIC Metal Africa Investments Limited
                                                          IVPAF.OTCQX
 12        Alumina Limited                                AWC.ASX                     18.92%        CITIC Resources Australia Pty Limited (9.61%)
                                                          AWC.OTC                                   CITIC Australia Pty Limited (1.37%)
                                                                                                    Bestbuy Overseas Co Ltd. (7.94%)

Note 1: The slight difference between the total indirect shareholding percentage of CITIC Limited and CITIC Corporation Limited in CITIC Pacific Special Steel
        Group Co., Ltd. and the sum of the shareholding percentage of respective immediate shareholders was due to rounding.

Note 2: The shareholding percentages listed in the table were those of the direct shareholders.



In addition to those set out in the above table, as at the end of the Reporting Period, other major listed companies controlled
or invested by CITIC Group were as follows:


 Name of listed                                                                        Shareholding
 companies invested                                   Stock code                          percentage             Unit: Shares


 CITIC Limited                                        00267.HK                                    58.13%         CITIC Polaris Limited (32.53%)
                                                                                                                 CITIC Glory Limited (25.60%)

Other Shareholders holding more than 5% of the Shares
As at the end of the Reporting Period, Yuexiu Financial Holdings and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Financial Holdings
Limited, in aggregate hold 6.26% of the Shares of the Company.




140
Interest and short positions of substantial Shareholders
Pursuant to Section 336 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong), substantial
Shareholders are required to disclose their interests, and are required to make further disclosure when the changes of their
interest reached the prescribed threshold. The following table is derived from the latest interest information of the substantial
Shareholders disclosed on the HKEXnews website of HKEX as of 31 December 2020. As they are only required to disclose
the change of their interests when it reaches certain prescribed threshold, the information set out in the following table may
be inconsistent with their actual interests as of 31 December 2020.


                                                                                                      Percentage of the Percentage of total
                                                                                                             number of               Shares
                                                                                                             A Shares/        of the Company
                                                                                                         H Shares as at as at 31 December
                                                        Class of   Number of Shares (Shares)/ 31 December 2020                         2020
 Name of Shareholders      Capacity                     Shares     type of Shares held                         (%)   Note 8
                                                                                                                                         (%)




                                                                                                                                               Changes in Share Capital and Information on Substantial Shareholders
 CITIC Group Corporation   Interest of corporation      A Shares   1,999,695,746/Long positions                  18.78                 15.47
                             controlled by you Note 1
 Guangzhou Yue Xiu         Interest of corporation      A Shares   809,867,629/Long positions                        7.61               6.27
   Holdings Limited          controlled by you Note 2
 National Council for      Beneficial owner             H Shares   690,359,200Note 3/Long                        30.30                  5.34
   Social Security Fund                                              positions
 The Bank of New York      Interest of corporation      H Shares   294,395,563/Long positions                    12.92                  2.28
   Mellon Corporation        controlled by you Note 4              290,584,643/Shares available                  12.75                  2.25
                                                                   for lending
 Citigroup Inc.            Interest of corporation      H Shares   166,384,168Note 5/Long                            7.30               1.29
                             controlled by you                       positions
                           Approved lending agent                  7,632,730Note 5/Short positions                   0.34               0.06
                                                                   155,359,086   Note 5
                                                                                          /Shares                    6.82               1.20
                                                                     available for lending
 Credit Suisse Group AG    Interest of corporation      H Shares   144,273,851Note 6/Long                            6.33               1.12
                             controlled by you                       positions
                           Investment manager                      81,044,140Note 6/Short positions                  3.56               0.63
 BlackRock, Inc.           Interest of corporation      H Shares   119,122,626/Long positions                        5.23               0.92
                             controlled by you Note 7              981,000/Short positions                           0.04               0.01




                                                                     CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report                141
Changes in Share Capital and
Information on Substantial Shareholders

Note 1: CITIC Group indirectly held 1,999,695,746 A Shares of the Company through its controlled corporations (including CITIC Limited and CITIC
        Corporation Limited).

Note 2: Guangzhou Yue Xiu Holdings Limited indirectly held 809,867,629 A Shares of the Company through its controlled corporations (namely Financial
        Holdings Limited and Yuexiu Financial Holdings).

Note 3: According to the notices of disclosure of interests on the HKEXnews website of HKEx, the National Council for Social Security Fund held 690,359,200
        H Shares of the Company, including a total of 640,000,000 H Shares to be subscribed for under the subscription agreement entered into with ICBC
        Credit Suisse Asset Management (International) Company Limited and the subscription agreement entered into with Bosera Asset Management
        Company Limited and Bosera Asset Management (International) Company Limited on 8 June 2015. The above private placement of H Shares was
        considered and approved at the 2015 Second Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company and is yet to take place. The resolution had expired on
        24 August 2016.

Note 4: The Bank of New York Mellon Corporation indirectly held a long position in 294,395,563 H Shares of the Company through its controlled corporation
        (The Bank of New York Mellon), of which 290,584,643 Shares were available for lending.

Note 5: Citigroup Inc., through a series of its controlled corporations, held the relevant interests of long position in 166,384,168 H Shares of the Company, of
        which 155,359,086 Shares were held in the capacity of approved lending agent, and a short position in 7,632,730 H Shares of the Company.

Note 6: Credit Suisse Group AG, held the relevant interests of long position in 140,081,096 H Shares of the Company and a short position in 81,044,140 H
        Shares of the Company through a series of its controlled corporations, and held a long position in 4,192,755 Shares in the capacity of investment
        manager.

Note 7: BlackRock, Inc. indirectly held relevant interests and short positions through a series of its controlled corporations.

Note 8: The relevant percentages are calculated based on 2,278,327,700 H Shares or 10,648,448,329 A Shares of the Company in issue as of 31 December
        2020.




142
Directors, Supervisors,
Senior Management and Employees
Basic Information of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
Changes in the Shares held by and information on remuneration of Directors, Supervisors and Senior
Management held office or resigned during the Reporting Period or as at the date of the 2020 Annual
Results Announcement of the Company

                                                                                                                                                               Unit: Shares

                                                                                                                                                              Total
                                                                                                                                                      remuneration
                                                                                                                                                         before tax
                                                                                                                                                     received from
                                                                                                                                                      the Company       Whether
                                                                                                                               Change                    during the     received
                                                                                               Number of                    (increase/                   Reporting remuneration
                                                        Term of                             Shares held at    Number of decrease) in     Reason for       Period or     from the
                                                        office                              the beginning Shares held at shareholding    the change term of office Company’s
                                                        commencing   Term of                   of the year the end of the  during the     (increase/      (RMB ten        related
 Name            Positions               Gender   Age   from         office until                 (shares) year (shares)          year    decrease)      thousand) parties or not

 ZHANG Youjun    Executive Director,     Male     55    2016-01-19   Until expiry of term             374           374             —            —          491.51            No
                   Chairman and
                   Member of




                                                                                                                                                                                    Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees
                   the Executive
                   Committee
 YANG Minghui    Executive Director,     Male     56    2016-01-19   Until expiry of term              —             —              —            —          993.54            No
                   President and
                   Member of
                   the Executive
                   Committee
 WANG Shuhui     Non-executive           Male     49    2020-06-23   Until expiry of term              —             —              —            —              —            Yes
                   Director
 LIU Ke          Independent Non-        Male     62    2016-01-19   Until expiry of term              —             —              —            —           15.00            No
                   executive Director
 HE Jia          Independent Non-        Male     66    2016-03-23   Until expiry of term              —             —              —            —           15.00           Yes
                    executive Director
 ZHOU Zhonghui   Independent Non-        Male     73    2019-05-27   Until expiry of term              —             —              —            —           15.00            No
                    executive Director
 ZHANG Changyi   Supervisor and          Male     53    2020-06-23   Until expiry of term              —             —              —            —          352.28            No
                    Chairman of
                    the Supervisory
                    Committee
 GUO Zhao        Supervisor              Male     64    1999-09-26   Until expiry of term              —             —              —            —           10.00            No
 RAO Geping      Supervisor              Male     73    2016-03-23   Until expiry of term              —             —              —            —           10.00            No
 LI Ning         Employee                Male     36    2019-12-31   Until expiry of term              —             —              —            —          326.08            No
                    Representative
                    Supervisor
 NIU Xuekun      Employee                Female   47    2019-12-31   Until expiry of term              —             —              —            —          201.09            No
                    Representative
                    Supervisor
 MA Yao          Member of the           Male     49    2017-11-28   Until expiry of term          20,000        20,000             —            —        1,096.46            No
                    Executive
                    Committee
 XUE Jirui       Member of the           Male     47    2017-10-24   Until expiry of term              —             —              —            —        1,056.64            No
                    Executive
                    Committee
 YANG Bing       Member of the           Male     48    2017-10-24   Until expiry of term              —             —              —            —        1,016.46            No
                    Executive
                    Committee




                                                                                              CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report                          143
Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



                                                                                                                                                             Total
                                                                                                                                                     remuneration
                                                                                                                                                        before tax
                                                                                                                                                    received from
                                                                                                                                                     the Company       Whether
                                                                                                                              Change                    during the     received
                                                                                              Number of                    (increase/                   Reporting remuneration
                                                       Term of                             Shares held at    Number of decrease) in     Reason for       Period or     from the
                                                       office                              the beginning Shares held at shareholding    the change term of office Company’s
                                                       commencing   Term of                   of the year the end of the  during the     (increase/      (RMB ten        related
 Name             Positions             Gender   Age   from         office until                 (shares) year (shares)          year    decrease)      thousand) parties or not

 LI Chunbo     Member of the            Male     45    2017-11-17   Until expiry of term              —             —              —            —          936.64            No
                 Executive
                 Committee
 ZOU Yingguang Member of the            Male     50    2017-09-07   Until expiry of term              —             —              —            —          985.87            No
                 Executive
                 Committee
 LI Yongjin    Member of the            Male     50    2017-09-07   Until expiry of term              —             —              —            —          836.06            No
                 Executive
                 Committee
 LI Jiong      Chief Financial          Male     51    2017-10-24   Until expiry of term              —             —              —            —          876.64            No
                 Officer, Treasurer
 WANG Junfeng  Board Secretary          Male     52    2020-07-30   Until expiry of term              —             —              —            —           73.79            No
 SONG Qunli    Chief Engineer (Chief    Male     54    2017-09-07   Until expiry of term              —             —              —            —          632.78            No
                 Information Officer)
 ZHANG Hao     Chief Marketing          Male     51    2017-10-31   Until expiry of term              —             —              —            —          955.38            No
                 Officer
 ZHANG Guoming Chief Compliance         Male     56    2013-09-10   Until expiry of term              —             —              —            —          577.86            No
                 Officer, Chief Risk
                 Officer
 YE Xinjiang   Member of the Senior     Male     56    2018-11-06   Until expiry of term              —             —              —            —          702.13            No
                 Management
 JIN Jianhua   Member of the Senior     Male     50    2019-01-22   Until expiry of term         350,000       350,000             —            —          745.79            No
                 Management
 SUN Yi        Member of the Senior     Male     49    2018-08-06   Until expiry of term              —             —              —            —          779.64            No
                 Management
 GAO Yuxiang   Member of the Senior     Male     52    2019-01-22   Until expiry of term              —             —              —            —        1,076.64            No
                 Management
 ZHENG Jing    Former Board             Female   48    2011-04-21   2020-02-11                        —             —              —            —          159.90            No
                 Secretary and
                 Company
                 Secretary

 Total            /                     /        /     /            /                            370,374       370,374             —              /     14,938.18              /

Note 1: Where a person has more than one position under the “Position” column, the “term of office” will only show the term of office of the first position held
        by that person in that column; the starting date of the “term of office” of a re-elected Director or Supervisor disclosed here is the date of his/her first
        appointment as a Director or Supervisor of the Company; the starting date of the “term of office” of a re-elected member of the Senior Management
        disclosed here is the date of his/her first appointment as a member of the Senior Management.

Note 2: Shares held by Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management are all A Shares, which include incentive shares initially granted upon the
        implementation of the share incentive scheme, the shares issued under placing and the bonus shares under capitalization issue.

Note 3: According to the resolution passed at the 2011 annual general meeting of the Company, since July 2012, the Company shall pay an allowance of
        RMB100,000 per year (tax inclusive) to each of the non-executive Directors and Supervisors, an allowance of RMB150,000 per year (tax inclusive)
        to each of the independent non-executive Directors, and a subsidy of RMB3,000 per person per meeting to each Director who attends an on-site
        meeting of the specialized committee under the Board. Mr. WANG Shuhui, the non-executive Director, has not received any remuneration or allowance
        from the Company. The remuneration received by each of the independent non-executive Directors, Mr. LIU Ke, Mr. HE Jia and Mr. ZHOU Zhonghui
        and the Supervisors, Mr. RAO Geping and Mr. GUO Zhao was the Director’s/Supervisor’s allowance received by each of them from the Company
        during their office in 2020.

Note 4: The total remuneration before tax for the Directors, employee representative Supervisors and Senior Management of the Company as listed above
        includes basic annual salary, annual salary linked to performance (including bonuses and deferred bonuses paid in 2020), special rewards and
        insurance benefits.

Note 5: The remuneration received by Mr. YANG Minghui, executive Director, President and a member of the Executive Committee of the Company includes
        RMB5.7854 million received from the Company and RMB4.15 million received from China AMC.


144
Positions held in Shareholders by incumbent Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and those
resigned during the Reporting Period
                                                                                   Term of office
                                                     Position held in              commencing          Term of office
  Name                 Name of Shareholder           Shareholders                  from                until

  ZHANG Youjun         CITIC Corporation Limited     Assistant to the General      2015-11-12          Until expiry of term
                                                     Manager
  WANG Shuhui          Yuexiu Financial Holdings     Chairman                      2016-08-25          Until expiry of term
                       Financial Holdings Limited    Chairman                      2016-10-18          Until expiry of term

  Description of the   Mr. ZHANG Youjun also serves as Assistant to the General Manager of both CITIC Group and
   positions held in   CITIC Limited.
   Shareholders

Positions held in other entities by incumbent Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and those
resigned during the Reporting Period
                                                                                   Term of office
                                                     Positions held in other       commencing          Term of office
  Name                 Names of other entities       entities                      from                until




                                                                                                                              Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees
  ZHANG Youjun         Zhongzheng International      Director                      2020-04-17          2020-12-17
                       Company Limited
  LIU Ke               Business School of Beijing    Professor                     2001-06-01          Until expiry
                       Language and Culture                                                              of term
                       University
  HE Jia               Southern University of        Leading Professor             2014-05-01          2020-11-04
                       Science and Technology
  RAO Geping           Peking University             Professor,                    1994-08-01          Until expiry
                                                     Ph.D. Candidate                                     of term
                                                     Supervisor of the
                                                     Law School
  GAO Yuxiang          Zhongzheng International      Director                      2020-12-17          Until expiry
                       Company Limited                                                                   of term

  Description of the   For other positions held by the Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management of the Company,
   positions held in   please refer to the “Major working experience of the incumbent Directors, Supervisors and Senior
   other entities      Management” in this report.




                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report    145
Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



Major working experience of the incumbent Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management


                        Executive Directors (2 individuals)


                        Mr. ZHANG Youjun
                        serves as secretary to the Communist Party Committee of the Company, an executive
                        Director, Chairman and a member of the Executive Committee of the Company. Mr.
                        ZHANG joined the Company at the time of the establishment of the Company in 1995,
                        and was appointed as an executive Director of the Company on 19 January 2016. During
                        the same term, he was elected as the Chairman of the Company. Mr. ZHANG also serves
                        as assistant to the general manager of each of CITIC Group, CITIC Limited and CITIC
                        Corporation Limited, the chairman of each of Goldstone Investment, CITIC Securities
                        Investment, CSI and CLSA (i.e. CLSA B.V. and its subsidiaries), a director of each of CLSA
                        Limited, Sailing Capital Management Co., Ltd. and Sailing Capital International Investment
                        Fund (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., and the chairman of Shenzhen Qianhai Zhongzheng Urban
                        Development Management Co., Ltd. Mr. ZHANG had worked as a general manager of the
                        trading department of the Company, an assistant manager and a deputy general manager
                        of the Company since 1995, and was appointed as a Director of the Company from
                        September 1999 to June 2012 and the general manager of the Company from May 2002 to
                        October 2005. Mr. ZHANG previously worked as the general manager of Changsheng Fund
                        Management Co., Ltd. from 1998 to 2001 and successively served as the general manager
                        and the chairman of CSC from 2005 to 2011, a director of the board office of CITIC Group
                        from December 2011 to December 2015 and a director of Zhongzheng International
                        Company Limited from April to December 2020. Mr. ZHANG obtained a Bachelor’s degree
                        in economics (majoring in money and banking) in 1987 from Renmin University of China
                        and a Master’s degree in economics (majoring in money and banking) in 1990 from Central
                        University of Finance and Economics.


                        Mr. YANG Minghui
                        serves as deputy secretary to the Communist Party Committee of the Company, an
                        executive Director, the President and member of the Executive Committee of the Company.
                        Mr. YANG joined the Company at the time of the establishment of the Company in 1995
                        and was appointed as a Director of the Company on 19 January 2016. Mr. YANG also
                        serves as the chairman of China AMC and the chairman of China Asset Management (Hong
                        Kong) Limited. Mr. YANG served as a Director, an assistant manager and a deputy general
                        manager of the Company; a director and executive vice-president of CITIC Holdings and a
                        director of CITIC Trust from May 2002 to August 2005; the chairman of CITIC-Prudential
                        Fund Management Co., Ltd. from July 2005 to January 2007; and an executive director and
                        the president of China Jianyin Investment Securities Company Limited from August 2005 to
                        October 2011. Mr. YANG was granted the title of senior economist by China International
                        Trust and Investment Corporation, the predecessor of CITIC Group, in October 1996. Mr.
                        YANG obtained a Bachelor’s degree in engineering (majoring in mechanical manufacturing
                        technology and equipment) from the Department of Mechanical Engineering of East China
                        Institute of Textile Science and Technology in 1982 and obtained a Master’s degree in
                        engineering (majoring in textile machinery) from the Department of Mechanical Engineering
                        of East China Institute of Textile Science and Technology in 1985.


146
Non-Executive Directors (1 individual)


Mr. WANG Shuhui
serves as a non-executive Director of the Company. Mr. WANG was appointed as a non-
executive Director of the Company on 23 June 2020. Mr. WANG currently serves as
the chairman of each of Yuexiu Financial Holdings, Financial Holdings Limited, Financial
Holdings Capital and Yuexiu Industrial Investment Fund. Mr. WANG successively served
as the business manager of the securities issuance consultancy department, the deputy
manager of the research and development department, secretary to the board of directors
and vice president of Guangzhou Securities from 1994 to 2006; successively served as the
office general manager and general manager of the development department of Guangzhou
Yuexiu Holdings Limited (廣州越秀集團有限公司) from 2006 to 2010; and successively
served as an assistant to general manager, director and deputy general manager of
Guangzhou Yuexiu Holdings Limited and Yuexiu Enterprises (Holdings) Limited (越秀企業
(集團)有限公司) from 2010 to 2016. Mr. WANG obtained a Bachelor’s degree in economics
from Southwestern University of Finance and Economics in 1993 and a Master’s degree in
economics from Jinan University in 2000.




                                                                                              Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees
Independent non-executive Directors (3 individuals, presented in the order of the
number of strokes of their Chinese surnames)


Mr. LIU Ke
serves as an independent non-executive Director of the Company. Mr. LIU was appointed
as an independent non-executive Director of the Company on 19 January 2016. Mr.
LIU also serves as a professor of the Business School of Beijing Language and Culture
University. Mr. LIU was engaged in teaching, scientific research and management in
Lanzhou University of Finance and Economics from July 1984 to October 1997. From
October 1997 to May 2001, he served as a professor of Beijing Wuzi University engaging
in teaching, scientific research and management and executive deputy chief editor of
China Business and Market Magazine. Mr. LIU was accredited as State Council Expert for
Special Allowance in April 1999 and was accredited as Beijing Municipal Trans-century
Talent in April 2000. Mr. LIU obtained a Bachelor of arts degree from the Department of
Foreign Languages of Northwest Normal University in 1984, a Master’s degree in business
administration from the College of Business of University of Georgia in 1993 and a Doctoral
degree in economics from the School of Finance of Renmin University of China in 2000.




                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   147
Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



              Mr. HE Jia
              serves as an independent non-executive Director of the Company. Mr. HE was appointed
              as an independent non-executive Director of the Company on 19 January 2016. He formally
              took office on 23 March 2016 (upon approval by the regulatory authority on the qualification
              for serving as an independent director). Mr. HE also serves as a professor of Tsinghua
              University, Cheung Kong Scholar Chair Professor of the Ministry of Education, an executive
              director and academic member of the China Society for Finance and Banking and the
              president of Shanghai North Bund Finance Institute. He is also an independent director
              of each of NORINCO International Cooperation Ltd. (a company listed on SZSE), China
              Chengtong Development Group Limited (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange),
              Wealthking Investments Limited (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange), and
              Bank of Tianjin Co., Ltd. (a company listed on Hong Kong Stock Exchange), and the
              chairman of Shanghai Sincere Capital Management Co., Ltd. Mr. HE was an assistant
              professor and associate professor (life tenure) of the University of Houston from August
              1991 to August 1999, professor of the Department of Finance of the Chinese University
              of Hong Kong from August 1996 to July 2015, chair professor of Southern University of
              Science and Technology of China from May 2014 to November 2020, member of the
              Planning and Development Committee of the CSRC from June 2001 to July 2002 and the
              director of the Research Institute of SZSE from June 2001 to October 2002. Mr. HE had
              served as an independent director of Shenzhen Soling Industrial Co., Ltd. (a company listed
              on the SME board of SZSE) from August 2015 to November 2016, an independent director
              of Shenzhen Xinguodu Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the ChiNext of SZSE) from May 2014
              to June 2019, an independent director of Tongfang Co., Ltd. (a company listed on SSE)
              from May 2016 to February 2020, an independent director of Shanghai Junshi Biosciences
              Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the SSE Star Market and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange)
              from June 2018 to June 2020 and an independent director of Tibet Huayu Mining Co., Ltd.
              (a company listed on the SSE) from October 2012 to October 2018. Mr. HE graduated from
              Heilongjiang University in 1978, majoring in mathematics. He obtained a double Master’s
              degree in computer science and decision science engineering from Shanghai Jiao Tong
              University in 1983 and obtained a Doctoral degree majoring in finance from the Wharton
              Business School of the University of Pennsylvania in 1988.




148
Mr. ZHOU Zhonghui
serves as an independent non-executive Director of the Company. Mr. ZHOU was
appointed as an independent non-executive Director of the Company on 27 May 2019. Mr.
ZHOU has been a senior member of the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants
(中國註冊會計師協會), a member of the Finance Director Specialized Committee of the
China Association for Public Companies (中國上市公司協會) and a member of the Advisory
Committee of the China Appraisal Society (中國評估師協會) since November 2010. Mr.
ZHOU also serves as an independent director of each of Shanghai Fudan-Zhangjiang Bio-
Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the SSE Star Market and the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange), S.F. Holding Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the SZSE SME Board),
COSCO SHIPPING Holdings Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the SSE and the Hong Kong
Stock Exchange) and Goldman Sachs Gao Hua Securities Company Limited. Mr. ZHOU was
one of the founders of PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian CPAs Limited Company, and
used to serve as its first general manager and chief accountant. He also served as a senior
partner of PricewaterhouseCoopers, a lecturer, an associate professor and a professor of
Accounting of Shanghai University of Finance and Economics and the chief financial officer
of Xinlong Hong Kong Co., Ltd. Mr. ZHOU served as the chief accountant of the CSRC from
May 2007 to April 2011, a member of the International Advisory Council of the CSRC from




                                                                                                Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees
September 2011 to September 2016, a senior advisor of PricewaterhouseCoopers from
June 2011 to May 2014, and an independent director of China Pacific Insurance (Group)
Co., Ltd. (a company listed on the SSE and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange) from July 2013
to June 2019. Mr. ZHOU obtained a master’s degree in Economics (majoring in accounting)
in 1983 and a Ph.D. degree in Economics (majoring in accounting) in 1993 from Shanghai
University of Finance and Economics. He was qualified as a Chinese CPA in 1995.


Supervisors (5 individuals)


Mr. ZHANG Changyi
currently serves as deputy secretary to the Communist Party Committee, chairman of the
Supervisory Committee and chairman of the labor union of the Company. Mr. ZHANG joined
the Company in 2018. Mr. ZHANG successively served as an officer, staff and associate
principal staff of the education department of the Ministry of Construction from August 1989
to November 1995, and successively served as principal staff and assistant consultant of
the general office of the Ministry of Construction from November 1995 to June 1997, the
second secretary (deputy-division-head level), deputy division head, the first secretary and
deputy division head (division-head level) of the second secretary bureau of the General
Office of the State Council from June 1997 to April 2001 and secretary of division-head
level, secretary of deputy bureau level, secretary of bureau-head level in the General Office
of the State Council from April 2001 to August 2018. Mr. ZHANG also serves as the
chairman of GoldStone Zexin. Mr. ZHANG obtained a Bachelor’s degree in engineering
(majoring in industrial and civil architecture) from the Architectural Engineering Department
of Northwest Institute of Construction Engineering in 1989 and obtained a Master’s
degree in engineering (majoring in management engineering) from Harbin University of Civil
Engineering and Architecture in 1999.



                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   149
Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



              Mr. GUO Zhao
              serves as a Supervisor of the Company. Mr. GUO joined the Company in 1999 and was
              appointed as a Supervisor of the Company on 26 September 1999. Mr. GUO previously
              worked as the deputy chief accountant of Nanjing International Container Handling Co.,
              Ltd. from 1988 to 1992; as the secretary to the board of directors of Nanjing Xingang High-
              Tech Co., Ltd. from 1992 to 2002; as director of Nanjing Xingang High-Tech Co., Ltd.
              from January 2001 to January 2013; as vice president of Nanjing Gaoke Co., Ltd. from
              June 2003 to December 2016; and as director and general manager of Nanjing Chengong
              Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. from January 2001 to January 2017. Mr. GUO obtained the
              accountant certificate in September 1993, which was granted by the Committee for
              Assessment of Academic Qualifications of the PRC Ministry of Transport. Mr. GUO obtained
              a college diploma in water transport finance and accounting in 1988 from Wuhan River
              Transportation College.


              Mr. RAO Geping
              serves as a Supervisor of the Company. Mr. RAO joined the Company in 2011 and was
              appointed as a Supervisor of the Company on 19 January 2016 and formally took office on
              23 March 2016. Mr. RAO is also a professor and doctoral supervisor of Peking University
              Law School, head of the Centre for Hong Kong and Macao Studies in Peking University,
              the chairman of the Institute of Hong Kong and Macao Affairs of the Development Research
              Centre of the State Council and chairman member of the Law Specialty Committee
              on National Self-taught Higher Education Examinations. Mr. RAO previously served as
              a member of 12th CPPCC National Committee, a member of the Hong Kong Special
              Administrative Region Basic Law Committee of the Standing Committee of the NPC, an
              independent supervisor of TravelSky Technology Limited, an independent non-executive
              Director of the Company and an independent non-executive director of Yangguang Xinye
              Real Estate Co., Ltd. Mr. RAO obtained a Master’s degree in law in 1982 from Peking
              University and was a visiting scholar at the University of Washington, New York University,
              and Max Planck Institute of International Law.


              Mr. LI Ning
              serves as an employee representative Supervisor and director of the Investment Banking
              Management Committee of the Company. Mr. LI joined the Company in May 2011 and
              previously worked as the auditor and senior auditor of PwC Zhong Tian, and senior
              manager, vice president and senior vice president of the Investment Banking Management
              Committee of the Company. Mr. LI obtained a Bachelor’s degree in economics from
              Shandong Economics College in 2006 and obtained a Master’s degree in economics
              from University of International Business and Economics in 2008. Mr. LI was qualified as a
              Chinese CPA in 2014 and obtained the qualification as sponsor representative in 2019.




150
Ms. NIU Xuekun
serves as an employee representative Supervisor and the senior vice president of the
Planning and Finance Department of the Company. Ms. NIU joined the Company in October
2000 and previously worked as the accountant of Shenzhen Property Management Co.,
Ltd., and senior manager and vice president of the Planning and Finance Department of
the Company. Ms. NIU concurrently serves as a supervisor of each of CITIC Securities
Investment, GoldStone Zexin and Guangzheng Lingxiu Investment Company Limited. Ms.
NIU obtained a Bachelor’s degree in economics and a Master’s degree in management from
Dongbei University of Finance & Economics in 1996 and 1999, respectively. Ms. NIU was
qualified as a Chinese CPA and a senior accountant in 2002 and 2015, respectively.


Other members of the Senior Management (15 individuals)


Mr. MA Yao
serves as a member of the Executive Committee, the head of the Investment Banking
Management Committee and the head of the Global Investment Banking Management
Committee of the Company. Mr. MA joined the Company in 1998 and previously served
as the deputy general manager of the Risk Control Department, deputy general manager




                                                                                             Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees
of the Bond Distribution and Trading Department, deputy general manager of the Trading
Department, person-in-charge of the Capital Market Department, head of the Financial
Industry Group and member of the Investment Banking Management Committee of the
Company. Mr. MA also serves as a director of CLSA Limited and CLSA Capital Markets
Limited. Mr. MA obtained a Bachelor’s degree in automatic control from Xi’an Jiaotong
University in 1994, a Master’s degree in money and banking and a Doctor’s degree in
international finance from the Graduate School of the People’s Bank of China in 1998 and
2012, respectively.


Mr. XUE Jirui
serves as a member of the Executive Committee, and the head of the Equity Derivatives
Business Line and Prime Service Business Line of the Company. Mr. XUE joined
the Company in 2000 and previously served as a manager of the financial products
development group, researcher of the Research Department, head of the product
development group of the trading and derivatives business line of the Company. Mr.
XUE also serves as a director of CITIC Futures. Mr. XUE obtained a Bachelor’s degree,
a Master’s degree and a Doctor’s degree in statistics from Renmin University of China in
1997, 2000 and 2006, respectively.




                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   151
Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



              Mr. YANG Bing
              serves as a member of the Executive Committee and the chief executive of the asset
              management business of the Company. Mr. YANG joined the Company in 1999 and
              previously worked as a teacher of Shaoguan University from 1993 to 1996. He once served
              in the Company as an assistant trader of the Trading Department, trader of the Fixed
              Income Department as well as investment manager and investment supervisor of the asset
              management business. Mr. YANG also serves as a director of China AMC. Mr. YANG
              obtained a Bachelor’s degree in fine chemicals from Nanchang University in 1993 and a
              Master’s degree in national economics from Nanjing University in 1999.




              Mr. LI Chunbo
              serves as a member of the Executive Committee and the division head of the Research
              Department, Equity Distribution and Trading Department and the Custody Department of the
              Company. Mr. LI joined the Company in 2001 and previously worked as an analyst of the
              Research Consulting Department (later renamed as the Research Department), chief analyst
              of the Research Department, as well as the chief executive of the Research Department and
              the Equity Distribution and Trading Department. Mr. LI also serves as a director of CSI, the
              chairman of CLSA Limited, a member of International Strategy Committee of the Securities
              Association of China and the deputy Secretary-General of China Society for Finance and
              Banking. Mr. LI obtained a Bachelor’s degree in vehicle engineering and a Master’s degree
              in management science and engineering from Tsinghua University in 1998 and 2001,
              respectively.


              Mr. ZOU Yingguang
              serves as a member of the Executive Committee and chief executive of the Fixed Income
              Department of the Company. Mr. ZOU joined the Company in 2017 and previously worked
              as a surgeon of the Xuanwu Hospital of Capital Medical University, business manager of
              Beijing Securities Outlet of Hainan Huayin International Trust Corporation, manager of the
              institutional client section of South Haidian Road Outlet of Huaxia Securities Co., Ltd., senior
              business director of the bonds department, assistant to general manager of the bonds
              department, the person-in-charge of the fixed income department as well as member of the
              Executive Committee and concurrently the person-in-charge of the fixed income department
              of CSC. Mr. ZOU also serves as a director of each of CLSA Asset Management Limited
              and CLSA Americas, LLC. Mr. ZOU obtained a Bachelor’s degree in clinical medicine from
              Capital University of Medical Sciences in 1994, a Master’s degree in finance from Central
              University of Finance and Economics in 2000 and an EMBA degree from China Europe
              International Business School in 2012.




152
Mr. LI Yongjin
serves as a member of the Executive Committee and director of the Wealth Management
Committee of the Company. Mr. LI joined the Company in 1998 and previously worked
as a staff of the International Business Department of Dalian Branch of Agricultural Bank
of China, department manager of Dalian Sales Department of Shenyin Wanguo Securities,
assistant to general manager, deputy general manager and general manager of Dalian
Securities Outlet of the Company, senior vice president and director of the Brokerage
Management Department of the Company, and general manager of the Zhejiang Branch
Office of CITIC Securities and its predecessor, CITIC Securities (Zhejiang) Co., Ltd. Mr.
LI also serves as a director of each of CITIC Securities Brokerage (HK), CITIC Securities
Futures (HK) Limited, CITIC Securities (Shandong), CITIC Futures, China AMC and CITIC
Securities South China, as well as a director and general manager of Kington Securities.
Mr. LI obtained a Bachelor’s degree in economics and a Master’s degree in finance from
Dongbei University of Finance and Economics in 1992 and 2000, respectively.


Mr. LI Jiong
serves as the Chief Financial Officer, the treasurer and the chief executive of the Treasury
Department of the Company. Mr. LI joined the Company in 1996 and previously worked




                                                                                               Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees
as the manager of International Cooperation Office of the Information Center of China
International Trust and Investment Corporation (the predecessor of CITIC Group), manager
of the Development Department of CITIC International Cooperation Company, manager of
the Bonds Department and deputy general manager of the Capital Operation Department
(later renamed as the Treasury Department) as well as the chief executive of the Prime
Service Business Line of the Company and director of CSI. Mr. LI concurrently serves as
the director of each of CITIC Securities Overseas Investment Co., Ltd., CITIC Futures,
CITIC Global Financial Leasing CO., LTD., CLSA Premium Limited and CITIC Securities
International USA, LLC. Mr. LI obtained a Bachelor’s degree in international finance from
the University of International Business and Economics in 1992 and an MBA degree from
Tsinghua University in 2000.


Mr. WANG Junfeng
serves as the Board Secretary, the deputy secretary of the disciplinary inspection
committee, the director of the Party Work Department and the chief executive of the
General Manager’s Office of the Company. Mr. WANG joined the Company in 1999 and
previously served as an officer of the headquarter of the People’s Bank of China, deputy
general manager of the Brokerage Management Department of the Company, and business
coordination supervisor of the General Manager’s Office. Mr. WANG obtained a Bachelor’s
degree in economics in finance from Zhengzhou University in 1990 and a Master’s degree in
economics from Graduate School of the People’s Bank of China (中國人民銀行總行金融研
究所) (currently known as the PBC School of Finance, Tsinghua University) in 1997.




                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   153
Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



              Mr. SONG Qunli
              serves as the chief engineer (chief information officer) of the Company and administrative
              person in charge of the Information Technology Center of the Company. Mr. SONG joined
              the Company in 2016 and previously served as the chief of the software section of Beijing
              CONTEC Microelectronics Co., Ltd., general manager of the Computer Center of Huaxia
              Securities Co., Ltd., member of the Business Decision-making Committee and concurrently
              chief executive of the Information Technology Department of CSC, vice president of China
              Minzu Securities Co., Ltd. and managing director of the Information Technology Department
              of CSC. Mr. SONG concurrently serves as the executive director of CITIC Securities
              Information and Quantitative Service (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd., the director of E-Capital Transfer
              Co., Ltd. and the chief information officer of CITIC Securities South China. Mr. SONG
              obtained a Bachelor’s degree in automotive control from the School of Engineering of
              Beijing Union University in 1987.


              Mr. ZHANG Hao
              serves as the chief marketing officer of the Company and secretary to the Communist Party
              Committee and chairman of CITIC Futures. Mr. ZHANG joined the Company in 1997 and
              previously served as teaching assistant of Shanghai Institute of Urban Construction, head
              of the B-share Business Department of Shanghai Trust Investment Corporation of China
              Construction Bank as well as deputy general manager of the Shanghai B-share Business
              Department, general manager of the Shanghai Fuxing Middle Road Securities Outlet and
              concurrently deputy general manager of the Shanghai management headquarters, general
              manager of the Shanghai Huaihai Middle Road Securities Outlet, deputy general manager of
              the Shanghai management headquarters and general manager of Shanghai Branch of the
              Company. Mr. ZHANG concurrently serves as vice president of China Futures Association
              and a director of CITIC Global Financial Leasing CO., LTD. Mr. ZHANG was awarded the
              title of “Skilled Young Worker of SOEs” in 2001. Mr. ZHANG obtained dual Bachelor’s
              degrees in industrial management engineering and engineering mechanics from Shanghai
              Jiao Tong University in 1991 and an MBA degree from the Antai College of Shanghai Jiao
              Tong University in 2001.


              Mr. ZHANG Guoming
              serves as the deputy secretary of the disciplinary inspection committee, Chief Compliance
              Officer, Chief Risk Officer, chief executive of the Legal Department and chief executive of the
              Risk Management Department of the Company. Before joining the Company in 2010, Mr.
              ZHANG worked as deputy chief judge, chief judge and a member of the Judge Committee
              of the Higher People’s Court of Henan Province, and the judge of the Supreme People’s
              Court. Mr. ZHANG also serves as a supervisor of each of CITIC Futures and CITIC Securities
              South China, and the chief compliance officer of Kington Securities. Mr. ZHANG obtained
              his Master’s degree in law and Doctor’s degree in law from the Renmin University of China
              in 1994 and 2008, respectively.




154
Mr. YE Xinjiang
a member of the Senior Management of the Company. Mr. YE joined the Company in
December 2005. He was formerly the head of the medical and health industry group, head
of the regional IBS group, head of the New OTC Market Business Department, member
of the Investment Banking Management Committee, head of the quality control group and
head of the M&A business line of the Company. Mr. YE obtained a Bachelor’s degree in
agricultural economics in July 1985 and a Master’s degree in management in July 1990
from Zhejiang University (formerly Zhejiang Agricultural University).



Mr. JIN Jianhua
a member of the Senior Management, secretary to the Party Committee and general
manager of GoldStone Investment and chairman of CITIC PE Fund. Mr. JIN joined the
Company in May 1997. He previously served as the deputy general manager of the
Investment Banking Department (Beijing), member of the Investment Banking Management
Committee, head of the financial industry group, head of the equipment manufacturing
industry group and head of the M&A business line of the Company. Mr. JIN obtained a
Bachelor’s degree in industrial foreign trade in July 1993 and a Master’s degree in technical




                                                                                                Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees
economics in July 1996 from Xi’an Jiaotong University, and obtained a Master’s degree in
business administration in 2009 from China Europe International Business School.


Mr. SUN Yi
a member of the Senior Management, a member of the Investment Banking Management
Committee and head of the financial industry group and deputy head of the Global
Investment Banking Management Committee of the Company. Mr. SUN joined the Company
in April 1998. He once served as the deputy general manager of the Investment Banking
Department of the Company (in charge of business in Shenzhen), managing director of
CSI, and head of the Operations Department, head of ECM team and head of the transport
industry team under the Investment Banking Management Committee of the Company, as
well as the deputy general manager of China AMC and concurrently served as the general
manager of China AMC Capital Management Limited. Mr. SUN also serves as a director
of CLSA Capital Markets Limited. Mr. SUN obtained a Bachelor’s degree in economics
in July 1993 from Jiangxi University of Finance and Economics and a Master’s degree in
economics in June 1996 from Xiamen University.




                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   155
Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



              Mr. GAO Yuxiang
              a member of the Senior Management, a member of the Investment Banking Management
              Committee, head of the infrastructure and real estate industry group, deputy director of
              the Global Investment Banking Management Committee of the Company and an executive
              director and the legal representative of Xinjiang Equity Exchange Co., Ltd. (新疆股權交易
              中心有限公司). Mr. GAO joined the Company in November 2004 and had served as the
              deputy head of the real estate and construction materials industry team, the transport
              industry team and the infrastructure and real estate industry team under the Investment
              Banking Management Committee of the Company. Mr. GAO also serves as a director of
              Zhongzheng International Company Limited. Mr. GAO obtained a College degree in financial
              accounting from Qingdao Radio and Television University in July 1990 and a Bachelor’s
              degree in national economic management from Peking University in July 1995. Mr. GAO
              obtained a degree in business management from Capital University of Economics and
              Business in July 2001 and a Doctor’s degree in industrial economics from Beijing Jiaotong
              University in July 2004. Mr. GAO obtained the qualification of technical specialty of senior
              economist in September 2006.




156
Changes of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management

 Name                            Position                       Change              Cause of Change


 ZHANG Youjun                    Former Board Secretary         Ceasing to perform The Board Secretary
                                    (temporarily performing       such duty           appointed by the Board
                                    such duty)                                        formally took office
 WANG Shuhui                     Non-executive Director         Election            Elected by the Shareholders
 ZHANG Changyi                   Supervisor and Chairman of     Election            Elected by the Shareholders and
                                    the Supervisory Committee                         the Supervisory Committee
 WANG Junfeng                    Board Secretary                Appointment         Appointed by the Board
 LI Ning                         Former Convener of the         Ceasing to          The Chairman of the
                                    Supervisory Committee         concurrently        Supervisory Committee
                                                                  serve such          elected by the Supervisory
                                                                  position            Committee formally took
                                                                                      office
 ZHENG Jing                      Former Board Secretary         Resignation         Personal reasons




                                                                                                                              Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees
                                    and Company Secretary

Details of changes of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management of the Company:


After being nominated at the 4th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board and being elected at the 2019 Annual
General Meeting of the Company, Mr. WANG Shuhui was formally appointed as a non-executive Director, a member of
Strategic Planning Committee of the Board and a member of Risk Management Committee of the Board of the Company
from 23 June 2020.


After being elected at the 2019 Annual General Meeting and the 5th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Supervisory
Committee of the Company, Mr. ZHANG Changyi was formally appointed as a Supervisor of the Company from 23 June
2020, and formally appointed as the Chairman of the Supervisory Committee of the Company from 24 June 2020. Mr. LI
Ning ceased to serve as the convenor of the Supervisory Committee.


Ms. ZHENG Jing submitted her resignation report to the Board on 11 February 2020 and ceased to serve as the Board
Secretary, and resigned from her position as the Company Secretary and other positions in the Company. On the same day,
the Board authorized the Chairman, Mr. ZHANG Youjun, to temporarily perform the duties of the Board Secretary.


After being appointed at the 1st Meeting of the Seventh Session of Board of the Company, Mr. WANG Junfeng was formally
appointed as the Board Secretary of the Company from 30 July 2020. Mr. ZHANG Youjun, the Chairman of the Board,
ceased to perform the duties of the Board Secretary.


Relationships between Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
There is no relationship among the Directors, Supervisors or Senior Management including relationships in terms of finance,
business, family or other significant/relevant relationship.




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   157
Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



Performance Appraisal and Remuneration of Directors, Supervisors and Senior
Management
Performance appraisal of Directors and Supervisors
During the Reporting Period, the Directors and Supervisors of the Company strictly complied with the laws, administrative
rules and Articles of Association and diligently and faithfully performed their responsibilities and obligations.


The Directors of the Company attended meetings of the Board and meetings of relevant specialized committees in
accordance with the relevant requirements, at which every proposal was duly considered, and opinions and advices were
put forward. They read all sorts of documents and reports provided by the Company carefully during the period between
each Board meeting, which enabled them to understand the operating and management condition of the Company in time.


Executive Directors duly performed their dual duties of making and executing decisions, actively implemented the
decisions made by the general meetings and the Board, thus effectively served as the bridge between the Board and the
management. Non-executive Directors conducted thorough study on the development strategy and operation strategy of
the Company, and understood the operating and management condition and the scientific and sound decision making of
the Company in time through investigations and research, seminars and communication, which demonstrated their high level
of responsibility. Independent non-executive Directors maintained communication with the Company through various ways,
such as on-site visits and seminars, attended meetings of the Board and the relevant specialized committees, expressed
independent and objective opinions, actively protecting the interest of minority Shareholders by asserting their professional
strengths, and actively contributed to the Company’s development.


Supervisors of the Company attended meetings of the Supervisory Committee in accordance with the rules and they also
attended on-site Board meetings and general meetings as observers. They supervised and inspected the operation in
accordance with laws, major decisions, major business activities and the financial position of the Company.


For details of the attendance and duty performance of Directors and Supervisors, please refer to the section “Performance
of duties by Directors” and “Supervisors and the Supervisory Committee” of this report.


Performance and appraisal of Senior Management
During the Reporting Period, the Company provided clear targets for the Senior Management within the scope of their duties
and evaluated their performances by year end. In addition to focusing on financial performances, market influences and
completion of annual key tasks in their respective work sectors, their appraisals were closely linked with the performance of
the Company.


During the Reporting Period, the Senior Management conscientiously performed their duties, obtained good overall
performance, completed the tasks assigned to them by the Board and further enhanced the internal control system and
risk control mechanisms of the Company during their term. Under the guidance of the Board, the Senior Management
grasped the development opportunities of the industry, expedited innovations, optimized the operation structures, enhanced
cooperation and deepened the Company’s strategic implementations in all respects, achieving relatively good operating
results.




158
Remuneration of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management for the year
Procedures for determination of the remuneration of the Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management: the Remuneration
and Appraisal Committee of the Board is responsible for making recommendations to the Board on the remuneration
policy and structure for all Directors and the Senior Management, as well as the establishment of formal and transparent
procedures for the formulation of remuneration policy. The Board is responsible for decision making regarding the
remuneration, reward and punishment issues for the Senior Management, whereas the remuneration of the Directors and
Supervisors is determined by the general meetings.


Criteria for determination of the remuneration of the Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management: the remuneration of
the Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management is determined in strict accordance with the Remuneration Management
System of the Company, and is linked with their respective positions and performance.


For details of the remuneration of the incumbent Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management for the year, please refer
to “Changes in the Shares held by and information on remuneration of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management held
office or resigned during the Reporting Period or as at the date of the 2020 Annual Results Announcement of the Company”
of this report. Allowances for the external Directors and Supervisors are calculated on a yearly basis, provided for on a
monthly basis, and paid twice a year.




                                                                                                                             Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees
The Company will continue to improve the performance, compensation and other management systems based on the
relevant regulatory requirements and the Company’s conditions.


Share incentives regarding Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management
Implementation of share incentive scheme of the Company
The Company did not implement any new share incentive scheme during the Reporting Period. For share incentive scheme
implemented by the Company in 2006, please refer to China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities News, Securities
Times and the SSE website on 7 September 2006. For details of shares held by Directors, Supervisors and Senior
Management, please refer to “Changes in the Shares held by and information on remuneration of Directors, Supervisors
and Senior Management held office or resigned during the Reporting Period or as at the date of the 2020 Annual Results
Announcement of the Company” of this report.


The Company had not revised the scope of eligible participants for share incentives during the Reporting Period.




                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   159
Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



Staff Information
Number and composition of staff
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group had a total of 19,012 staff, of which 10,976 were staff of the Company,
and their compositions are set out below:


 Total number of in-service staff of the Parent                                                                10,976
 Number of in-service staff of principal subsidiaries                                                            8,036
 Total number of in-service staff                                                                              19,012
 Number of retired staff for which the Parent and principal subsidiaries are responsible
   for their expenses                                                                                             368


                                                          Profession
 Types of profession                                                                                 Number of staff


 All business unit employees                                                                                   15,638
 IT staffs                                                                                                       1,133
 Financial staffs                                                                                                 508
 Administrative staffs                                                                                            355
 Others (including clearing & settlement, risk management, legal, compliance, supervision
   and audit)                                                                                                    1,378
 Total                                                                                                         19,012


                                                        Education level
 Type of education                                                                                            Number


 Doctor’s degree                                                                                                  290
 Master’s degree                                                                                                 7,019
 Bachelor’s degree                                                                                             10,663
 Associate’s degree and below                                                                                    1,040
 Total                                                                                                         19,012




160
                  Composition of the Group’s staff by profession       Education level of the Group’s staff




                    All business unit employees                           Doctor’s degree
                    IT staffs                                             Master’s degree
                    Financial staffs                                     Bachelor’s degree
                    Administrative staffs                                Associate’s degree and below
                    Others (including clearing & settlement,
                    risk management, legal, compliance,
                    supervision and audit)




                                                                                                                                   Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees
Remuneration policy
At CITIC Securities, employees’ remuneration consists of base annual salary, performance-based annual salary, special
rewards and insurance. The remuneration standards in line with positions and ranks are mainly based on factors such as the
position’s duties, responsibilities, importance, scale of operation, and industry practice. In order to strike a balance between
business risks and financial goals, the Company adopts a shared performance based annual incentive remuneration system.
Conditional on recognizing that the business department is profitable, performance based annual remuneration will be
distributed “in favour of the business department, the profitable business sections and business with major innovation”
while also recognizing the role and value of other middle-office and back-office departments. The performance-based
annual remuneration is based on the Company’s operating results of the year. The total amount of performance-based
annual remuneration is drawn from the Company’s annual profits in accordance with the percentage approved at the Board
meeting each year.


The Company has established a number of special rewards such as “Chairman’s Incentive Funds” and “Loyalty Award” to
develop the Company’s core competitiveness, to encourage innovation and team spirit, and to maintain the stability of the
core human resources team.


The Company and its employees take part in various social insurance, enterprise annuity and housing fund programs
following China’s relevant regulations. The social insurance and housing fund programs are regulated in accordance with
local policies.


In order to raise the level of employee’s medical insurance, the Company sets up commercial complementary medical
insurance and accident insurance, in addition of basic medical insurance, at its own expense for the employees.




                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report    161
Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and Employees



The Company has no share option program for now.


For the remuneration of the Company’ employees during the Reporting Period, please refer to Note 10 to the Financial
Statements.


Training program
In terms of employee training, since 2020, due to the pandemic, the Company has transformed part of the face-to- face
training into online training. Instead of reducing the number of training courses for employees, more choices have been
offered. During the period when China was facing severe pandemic and the employees were isolated at home, the Company
successively launched the Online Learning Course Package during the Home Isolation Period (《居家隔離期間網絡學習課
程包》), Special Online Training Course Package for Stranded Persons Due to the Pandemic (《因疫情滯留人員專項綫上
培訓課程包》), etc. After the resumption of production and work, the Company organized pilot program training, Yangfan
program training and Qihang program training for management and reserve cadres, the school recruitment training and
social recruitment training for new employees, as well as the “Investment Star” (投資之星) training program for business
talents in accordance with the annual training plan, which were held both online and onsite. In terms of on-the-job training
for employees, the Company organized annual promotion training and on-the-job training for various levels, and continued
to hold a series of lectures on the “CITIC Securities Lecture” and “Workplace Gas Station” on a monthly basis, to help their
career development.


Information on brokers
As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Company, CITIC Securities (Shandong) and CITIC Securities South China had a
total of 13 brokers, of which 8 are engaged by the Company. The Company has established a comprehensive system for
management of brokers and a confirmed organization system, practicing conditions, scope of authorities and standards
of behavior as well as an established filing and inquiry systems for the brokers. Each broker of the Company has obtained
a securities broker certificate before becoming a practitioner and would engage in activities such as customer solicitation
and customer services by relying on or through the marketing channels provided by the Company’s Securities Business
Department. When engaging in practice, the broker would, in accordance with the requirements, present his securities
broker certificate to the customer to indicate his agency relationship with the Company, and shall carry out his work within
the scope of agency authorities, agency period and practicing geographical location as specified in the agency contract.
The Company has incorporated management of brokers into the front office management system of its Securities Business
Department, and carries out daily supervision over the occupational behaviors of the brokers. The Company has established
and improved the customer feedback system by collecting feedbacks from customers solicited and served by the brokers,
and making complete records thereof. In addition, the Company has special regulations for brokers on issues such as
compliance management and trainings.




162
Corporate Governance Report
Overview of Corporate Governance
The Company is committed to excellence and strives to become a domestically leading and internationally first-class
Chinese investment bank most trusted by clients around the world. For details of the Company’s corporate strategy and
long-term operational model, please refer to “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this report.


As a company listed in both the Mainland China and Hong Kong, the Company has operated its business in strict
compliance with the requirements set forth in the laws, regulations and normative documents of the PRC and the overseas
jurisdiction where the Shares of the Company are listed, and has made continuous efforts to maintain and enhance the
good image of the Company in the market. The Company keeps improving its corporate governance structure according to
the requirements of the Company Law, the Securities Law and relevant rules and regulations of the CSRC. The corporate
governance of the Company complies with the requirements of the relevant laws and regulations by having established
a corporate governance structure characterized by checks and balances among the general meeting, the Board, the
Supervisory Committee and the Operation Management, with each of them being separated from the others and performing
its own functions and responsibilities corresponding to its position within the specified terms of reference, thereby ensuring
that all the operational activities of the Company are carried out according to the rules and regulations.


During the Reporting Period, the Company strictly complied with the Corporate Governance Code and Corporate
Governance Report (hereinafter referred to as the “Code”) as set out in Appendix 14 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, and
observed all the Code provisions and satisfied the requirements of most recommended best practices in the Code.




                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report
Dealing in Securities by Directors, Supervisors and Related Employees
According to the domestic regulatory requirements, the 23rd Meeting of the Third Session of the Board of the Company
considered and approved the Measures for the Management of the Holdings in the Shares of CITIC Securities Company
Limited by Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management and Relevant Changes (hereinafter referred to as the
“Management Measures”) on 13 March 2008, to regulate the behavior of holdings of and dealings in the Shares of the
Company by Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management of the Company. The Management Measures are stricter
than the compulsory provisions in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (hereinafter
referred to as the “Model Code”) set out in Appendix 10 to the Hong Kong Listing Rules. Having made enquires, all
Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management had confirmed that they had strictly complied with the relevant provisions
of the Management Measures and the Model Code during the Reporting Period. For details about the shareholdings of
the Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management in the Company, please refer to “Changes in the Shares held by and
information on remuneration of Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management held office or resigned during the Reporting
Period or as at the date of the 2020 Annual Results Announcement of the Company” in this report.


Shareholders and the General Meetings
The general meeting is the highest authority of the Company, and Shareholders can exercise their rights through the general
meeting. The Company convenes and holds the general meeting in strict compliance with the relevant regulations, so as to
ensure all Shareholders, especially the minority Shareholders, are being treated equally and can fully exercise their rights.
Following the guidance of the Articles of Association of the Company, the Company operates in an orderly manner and
maintains healthy and stable development, thus effectively protecting the interests of the Company and its Shareholders.




                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   163
Corporate Governance Report



Pursuant to Article 93 of the Articles of Association of the Company, Shareholder(s) that hold, individually or collectively,
10% or more of the Shares in the Company have the right to request in writing the Board to hold an extraordinary general
meeting. The Board shall give a written response on whether or not it agrees to hold such an extraordinary general meeting
within 10 days after receipt of such request. If the Board agrees to hold an extraordinary general meeting, it shall issue a
notice for such meeting within five days after it has so resolved. If the Board disagrees with the holding of an extraordinary
general meeting or fails to give a response within 10 days after receipt of such request, Shareholder(s) that hold, individually
or collectively, 10% or more of the Shares in the Company shall have the right to propose in writing the Supervisory
Committee to hold an extraordinary general meeting. If the Supervisory Committee agrees to hold an extraordinary general
meeting, it shall issue a notice for such meeting within five days after receipt of such request. Shareholder(s) that hold,
individually or collectively, 10% or more of the Shares in the Company for 90 consecutive days or more may convene and
chair such meeting on its or their own.


In addition, pursuant to Article 98 of the Articles of Association of the Company, the Board, the Supervisory Committee
and Shareholder(s) that hold, individually or collectively, 3% or more of the Shares in the Company shall have the right to
put forward proposals to the Company at the general meeting of the Company. Shareholder(s) that hold, individually or
collectively, 3% or more of the Shares in the Company may submit provisional proposals in writing to the convener 10
days prior to the date of the general meeting. The convener shall, within two days after receipt of the proposal, issue a
supplemental notice of the general meeting to announce the contents of such provisional proposal. Otherwise, the convener
shall not, after the issue of the notice of general meeting, make any change to the proposals having been set forth in such
notice or add any new proposals.


The Company attaches great importance to the management of investor relations, and pursuant to the Management
System for Information Disclosure and the Management System for Investor Relations of the Company, the Board Secretary
is designated to handle information disclosure matters, and to receive visits and enquiries from the Shareholder, thereby
having established a relatively completed and effective channel for communication with the Shareholders. In addition to the
information disclosure channels prescribed in the laws and regulations, the Company mainly communicates with its investors
through telephone, email, online platform, receiving visits, and attending investor meetings, to ensure that all Shareholders,
especially the minority Shareholders, can fully exercise their rights (for ways to contact with the Company, please refer to
“Basic Information” in this report).


The Company fully respects and protects the lawful interests of the Shareholders and other creditors, employees, clients
and other stakeholders, and involves them in a joint effort to promote the sustained and healthy development of the
Company.


The 2019 Annual General Meeting of the Company was held at Beijing Ruicheng Four Seasons Hotel on 23 June 2020,
through a combination of on-site voting and online voting. Ten ordinary resolutions were considered and approved at the
meeting. Under the joint election of Directors, this general meeting was chaired by Mr. YANG Minghui, the Executive Director
of the Company, and Directors, Supervisors and certain members of the Senior Management of the Company attended the
meeting.


The 2020 First Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company was held at Beijing Ruicheng Four Seasons Hotel on 18
August 2020, through a combination of on-site voting and online voting. One special resolution was considered and
approved at the meeting. This general meeting was chaired by Mr. ZHANG Youjun, the Chairman of the Company, and
Directors, Supervisors and certain members of the Senior Management of the Company attended the meeting.



164
Note:     For details of the resolutions of the meetings mentioned above, please refer to the announcements published on the HKEXnews website of the
          Hong Kong Stock Exchange on the date of the meeting, and the announcements published on the SSE website, China Securities Journal, Shanghai
          Securities News and Securities Times published on the following day.


During the Reporting Period, the attendances of Directors at the general meeting are as follow:


                                                                     Required
                                                                  attendance
                                                                    at general
                                                                meetings held                         Attendance
 Name of Director         Position                             during the year   Actual attendance      by proxy          Absence    Attendance rate


 ZHANG Youjun             Executive Director and Chairman                   2                   2             —                  —             100%
 YANG Minghui             Executive Director and President                  2                   2             —                  —             100%
 WANG Shuhui              Non-executive Director                            1                   1             —                  —             100%
 LIU Ke                   Independent Non-executive Director                2                   2             —                  —             100%
 HE Jia                   Independent Non-executive Director                2                   2             —                  —             100%
 ZHOU Zhonghui            Independent Non-executive Director                2                   2             —                  —             100%

Note: During the term of office of Mr. WANG Shuhui in 2020, the Company held one general meeting, and he attended the meeting.




                                                                                                                                                        Corporate Governance Report
The Board and the Operation Management
Composition of the Board
The Company strictly complies with the requirements of the Article of Association of the Company for appointments and
changes of the Directors. The number and composition of the Board have complied with the requirements of the relevant
laws and regulations. Besides, the Board also kept improving the Rules of Procedure of the Board. The convening, holding,
as well as the voting procedures of all the Board meetings were legitimate and valid. The independent non-executive
Directors of the Company are able to protect the interests of minority Shareholders independently and objectively, and play
a role of checks and balance in the decision-making of the Board.


As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Seventh Session of the Board consisted of six Directors, including two
executive Directors (Mr. ZHANG Youjun and Mr. YANG Minghui), one non-executive Director (Mr. WANG Shuhui) and three
independent non-executive Directors (Mr. LIU Ke, Mr. HE Jia and Mr. ZHOU Zhonghui), and the independent non-executive
Directors represented more than one third of the Board. Mr. ZHANG Youjun is the Chairman of the Board.


Directors (including executive Directors, non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors) are elected by
the general meeting for a term of three years commencing from the date on which their appointments are approved at the
general meeting and their qualifications as directors of securities companies are approved by the CSRC (whichever is later).
Directors are eligible for re-election upon the expiration of their terms. The terms of independent non-executive Directors
are the same as the other Directors, but shall not be re-elected for more than two consecutive sessions. In accordance
with relevant requirements of Rule 3.13 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules, the Company has received the annual written
confirmation from each independent non-executive Director with regard to his independence. Based on these confirmations
and the relevant information available to the Board, the Company continues to confirm their independence.




                                                                                     CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report        165
Corporate Governance Report



Pursuant to the authorisation of the 2011 Fifth Extraordinary General Meeting, the Company has purchased liability
insurance for the Directors, Supervisors and Senior Management, so as to protect them against the compensation liabilities
that may arise from performing their duties and to encourage them to earnestly fulfill their duties and responsibilities.


Duties and responsibilities of the Board
The Board is the decision-making body of the Company and is responsible to the general meeting. The Board is principally
responsible for making the overall and long-term decisions of the Group, as well as making decisions of corporate
governance, development strategy, risk management, financial operation and other aspects. The Board is also responsible
for reviewing and approving of the major financial and investment decisions, business strategies and other plans.


The Board shall exercise the following major functions and powers in accordance with the Articles of Association of the
Company: to convene general meeting and report its work to the general meeting; to report at the annual general meeting
and to disclose the performance of duties by the directors in the annual report, including the attendance of Board meetings
and votes of the directors during the reporting period; to implement the resolutions of the general meeting; to decide
on the business plans and investment plans of the Company; to formulate the annual financial budget plan and the final
account plan of the Company; to formulate the profit distribution plan and loss recovering plan of the Company; to formulate
proposals for the increase or reduction of the registered capital, the issuance of bonds or other securities and the listing
plan of the Company; to prepare plans for material acquisitions, purchase of the Company’s Shares, or merger, separation,
dissolution or change of the corporate form of the Company; to decide on the external investment, acquisition and disposal
of assets, mortgage of assets, external guarantee, entrusted wealth management and related party/connected transactions
of the Company in accordance with the laws and regulations or the listing rules of the stock exchange where the Company’s
shares are listed or within the scope of the authorisation of the general meeting; to decide on the establishment of the
internal management structure of the Company; to appoint the President, Compliance Officer, Chief Risk Officer and Board
Secretary, and assess and determine their remuneration, rewards and punishments; to appoint members of the Executive
Committee, Chief Financial Officer and other Senior Management of the Company pursuant to the nominations by the
Chairman or the President and determine their remuneration, rewards and punishments; to decide on the dismissal of
the above-mentioned Senior Management (including but not limited to the person who assume the primary or leadership
responsibility for the occurrence of major compliance risks); to formulate the basic management system of the Company;
to formulate the amendment to the Articles of Association of the Company; to manage information disclosures of the
Company; to propose to the general meeting on the engagement or replacement of the accounting firms of the Company
who conduct audit for the Company; to listen to the work report and check the work of the President of the Company; to
consider and approve the fundamental system of compliance management and overall risk management of the Company;
to consider and approve the risk appetite, risk tolerance and major risk limits of the Company; to consider the regular risk
assessment reports of the Company; to listen to the work report of the Chief Compliance Officer and Chief Risk Officer; to
consider and approve the annual compliance report; to assess the effectiveness of compliance management and procure
solutions for the problems existed in the compliance management; to consider the information technology management
objectives and assume responsibilities for the effectiveness of the information technology management; to perform other
duties and powers granted under relevant laws, administrative regulations and departmental rules.




166
Responsibilities of the Operation Management
The Operation Management of the Company is responsible for implementing the development strategies and policies
approved by the Board, as well as the daily operation and management of the Group. The Operation Management is the
highest operation management authority of the Company, established to carry through and implement the roadmap and
guidelines determined by the Board, shall exercise the following functions and powers in accordance with the Articles of
Association of the Company: to carry through and implement the operation plan of the Company set by the Board, and
decide on material matters in respect of the operation and management of the Company; to formulate profit distribution
and loss recovering plan of the Company; to formulate proposals for altering the registered capital of the Company and
bonds issuance; to formulate proposals for merging, splitting, transforming the form of and dissolution of the Company; to
formulate operational plans and proposals for investment, financing and disposal of assets of the Company, and submit the
proposals to the Board for approval according to its terms of reference; to formulate proposals on the establishment of the
management structure of the Company; to formulate and approve the proposal of remuneration, rewards and punishments
of employees, and other responsibilities delegated by the Board.


During the Reporting Period, various management works of the Company were progressed steadily, and the Senior
Management performed their duties properly. The management work achieved positive results, and the Company’s
business results and main business are in top tier of the industry. The Company further improved its risk and compliance
management system, enriched monitoring means and measures for risk prevention, controlled and reduced various types of
risk and compliance incidents, promoted the comprehensive, refined, automated, and intelligent construction of information
system, enhanced data governance and utilization, strengthened the management and application of core data of human




                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance Report
resources, and improve the tracking of performance during the process. The Company also promoted the construction of an
integrated domestic and overseas financial management system, strengthened cost management and control, and improved
the efficiency of financial centralization and intensification.


Performance of duties by Directors
Board meeting and attendance of Directors
During the Reporting Period, the Board held fifteen meetings:

(1)   During the 2nd Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board held on 11 February 2020 by means of teleconference,
      the Board considered and unanimously approved the Proposal on Authorizing the Chairman to Perform the Duties
      of Board Secretary, the Proposal on the Appointment of Securities Affairs Representative and the Proposal on the
      Change of Company Secretary and Authorized Representative.


(2)   During the 3rd Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board held on 6 March 2020 by means of teleconference, the
      Board considered and unanimously approved the Proposal on Entering into the Supplemental Agreement on the
      Acquisition of Assets by Issuance of Shares and Related Party Transactions and the Proposal on Compensation by
      Counterparties based on Impairment Test in the Restructuring Transaction.




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   167
Corporate Governance Report



(3)   During the 4th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board held at CITIC Securities Tower in Beijing on 19 March
      2020 by means of on-site combined with teleconference, the Board considered and unanimously approved the 2019
      Assessment Report on the Internal Control, the Audit Report on the Internal Control, the 2019 Compliance Report,
      the 2019 Evaluation Report on the Compliance Management Effectiveness, the 2019 Anti-money Laundering Work
      Report, the Proposal on the Amendments to the Integrity Practices of CITIC Securities Company Limited, the 2019
      Integrity Practice Management Report, the 2019 Comprehensive Risk Management Report, the Proposal on the Total
      Remuneration of the Senior Management of the Company for 2019, the Proposal on Annual Assessment on Chief
      Compliance Officer of the Company, the Special Report on Information Technology Management for 2019, the 2019
      Corporate Governance Report, the 2019 Audit Work Report, the 2019 Social Responsibility Report and the Proposal
      on the Authorization of Convening the 2019 Annual General Meeting, and agreed to submit the 2019 Annual Report,
      the Proposal on the 2019 Profit Distribution Plan, the Proposal on the Re-appointment of Accounting Firms, the
      Proposal on the Total Remuneration of Directors of the Company for 2019, the 2019 Work Report of the Board, the
      Proposal on the Estimated Investment Amount for the Proprietary Business of the Company for 2020, the Proposal
      on Granting the Board a General Mandate by the General Meeting to Issue Additional A Shares and H Shares of the
      Company, the Proposal on the Estimation of Related Party/Continuing Connected Transactions Contemplated in the
      Ordinary Course of Business in 2020, the Proposal on the Amendments to the Articles of Association, the Proposal
      on the Nomination of Non-Executive Director and Appointments of Members of the Specialized Committees under
      the Board of the Company and the Duty Performance Report of Independent Non-executive Directors for 2019 to the
      2019 Annual General Meeting of the Company for consideration.


(4)   During the 5th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board held on 28 April 2020 by means of teleconference,
      the Board considered and unanimously approved the 2020 First Quarterly Report, the Proposal on the Change of
      Registered Capital of the Company and the Amendments to the Articles of Association and the Proposal on the
      Acquisition of 100% Equity Interest in Guangzheng Lingxiu Investment Company Limited.


(5)   During the 6th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board held on 7 May 2020 by means of teleconference, the
      Board considered and unanimously approved the Proposal on the Construction of the CITIC Financial Center Project
      and the Proposal on the Authorization to the Operation Management to Decide on the New Establishment and
      Dissolution of Securities Branches.


(6)   During the 7th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board held on 5 June 2020 by means of teleconference, the
      Board considered and unanimously approved the Proposal on the Withdrawal of Certain Resolutions of 2019 Annual
      General Meeting of the Company.


(7)   During the 8th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board held on 12 June 2020 by means of teleconference, the
      Board considered and unanimously approved the Proposal on the Amendments to the Articles of Association and the
      Proposal on the Convening of the 2020 First Extraordinary General Meeting.


(8)   During the 9th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board held on 23 July 2020 by means of teleconference, the
      Board considered and unanimously approved the Proposal on the Increase of Capital in CITIC Securities International
      Co., Ltd. and the Proposal on the Non-exercise of the Right of First Refusal and Formation of Joint Investment
      Relationship with Related Party.




168
(9)   During the 10th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board held on 28 July 2020 by means of teleconference,
      the Board considered and unanimously approved the Proposal on the Withdrawal of the Resolution of 2020 First
      Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company, the Proposal on the Amendments and Improvements to the Articles of
      Association and the Proposal on the Postponement of 2020 First Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company.


(10) During the 11th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board held on 14 August 2020 by means of teleconference,
      the Board considered and unanimously approved the Proposal on the Change of Authorized Representative of
      the Company in Hong Kong and the Proposal on Considering the Standardization and Rectification Plan of Asset
      Management Business of the Company.


(11) During the 12th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board held on 24 August 2020 by means of teleconference,
      the Board considered and unanimously approved the Proposal on Considering the 2020 Interim Report of CITIC
      Securities Company Limited, the Proposal on Considering the 2020 Interim Compliance Report of CITIC Securities
      Company Limited and the Proposal on Considering the 2020 Interim Comprehensive Risk Management Report of
      CITIC Securities Company Limited.


(12) During the 13th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board held on 30 August 2020 by means of teleconference,
      the Board considered and unanimously approved the Proposal on Considering the 2019 Money Laundering Risk
      Assessment Report of the Company.




                                                                                                                           Corporate Governance Report
(13) During the 14th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board held on 16 September 2020 by means of
      teleconference, the Board considered and unanimously approved the Proposal on the Investment through Overseas
      Subsidiaries.


(14) During the 15th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board held on 29 October 2020 by means of teleconference,
      the Board considered and unanimously approved the 2020 Third Quarterly Report of the Company.


(15) During the 16th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board held on 20 November 2020 by means of teleconference,
      the Board considered and unanimously approved the Proposal on Reducing Capital in CITIC Securities South China
      Company Limited and the Proposal on the Amendments to the Administrative Measures on Anti-Money Laundering.




                                                               CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   169
Corporate Governance Report



During the Reporting Period, the attendances of Directors at the Board meetings are as follows:


                                                                         Required
                                                                       attendance
                                                                         at Board
                                                                         meetings
                                                                       held during        Actual     Attendance
 Name of Director                 Position                                the year   attendance         by proxy       Absence      Attendance rate


 ZHANG Youjun                     Executive Director, Chairman                 15             15              —               —               100%
 YANG Minghui                     Executive Director, President                15             15              —               —               100%
 WANG Shuhui                      Non-executive Director                        8              8              —               —               100%
 LIU Ke                           Independent Non-executive Director           15             15              —               —               100%
 HE Jia                           Independent Non-executive Director           15             15              —               —               100%
 ZHOU Zhonghui                    Independent Non-executive Director           15             15              —               —               100%
 Board meetings held during the year:                                                                         15
 Among which, number of on-site meetings:                                                                     —
                Number of meetings held via tele-communications:                                              14
 	Number of meetings held by means of on-site combined with                                                   1
                  tele-communications:

Note: During the term of office of Mr. WANG Shuhui in 2020, the Company convened eight Board meetings, and he attended all the meetings.




170
Implementation of resolutions approved at the General Meetings by the Board
(1)   On 26 June 2018, the Resolution on the Re-authorization of Issuances of Onshore and Offshore Corporate Debt
      Financing Instruments by the Company was considered and approved at the 2017 Annual General Meeting of the
      Company. During the Reporting Period, the status of implementation of such resolution is as follows:


                                                                         Type of Debt Financing
       Date of Issue                  Issuing Entity                     Instrument                            Remaining Size


                              Implementation Status of the Authorization by the 2017 Annual General Meeting


       February 2019–                CITIC Securities Company          RMB bonds                             RMB18.2 billion
         November 2019                 Limited
       February 2020–                CITIC Securities Company          RMB bonds                             RMB70.6 billion
         November 2020                 Limited
       23 July 2019                  CITIC Securities Company          Financial bonds                       RMB9 billion
                                       Limited
       April 2019–                   CITIC Securities Company          RMB subordinated bonds                RMB5.5 billion
         May 2019                      Limited
       March 2020                    CITIC Securities Company          RMB subordinated bonds                RMB2 billion
                                       Limited




                                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance Report
       January 2019–                 CITIC Securities Company          Beneficiary certificates              RMB31.898 billion
         December 2020                 Limited
       10 December 2018              CITIC Securities Finance          USD medium-term notes                 US$300 million (equivalent to
                                       MTN Co., Ltd.                                                           RMB1.95747 billion)
       24 October 2019               CITIC Securities Finance          USD medium-term notes                 US$700 million (equivalent to
                                       MTN Co., Ltd.                                                           RMB4.56743 billion)
       3 June 2020                   CITIC Securities Finance          USD medium-term notes                 US$1 billion
                                       MTN Co., Ltd.                                                           (equivalent to RMB6.5249
                                                                                                               billion)

      Note: The equivalent RMB amount of the US dollar amount is calculated based on the Renminbi central parity ratio at the end of 2020 (US$1=
            RMB6.5249).


(2)   On 27 May 2019, the 2019 First Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company considered and approved the
      acquisition of 100% equity interest in Guangzhou Securities by issuance of Shares. The acquisition of 100% equity
      interest in former Guangzhou Securities by issuance of Shares was completed in March 2020.


      The Proposal on the Change of Registered Capital of the Company and the Amendments to the Articles of Association
      of the Company was considered and approved at the 5th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board of the
      Company, pursuant to which, it was agreed to change the registered capital of the Company to RMB12,926,776,029,
      and to amend relevant provisions of the Articles of Association of the Company. On 27 May 2020, the Company
      obtained the approval by the Shenzhen Market Supervision and Regulation Bureau on the change of registered capital
      and completed the filing in relation to the changes in the Articles of Association of the Company. The amended Articles
      of Association of the Company took effect on 28 April 2020.




                                                                            CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report            171
Corporate Governance Report



(3)   On 23 June 2020, the 2019 Profit Distribution Plan was considered and approved at the 2019 Annual General Meeting
      of the Company. The cash dividend was denominated and declared in RMB and paid in RMB to the A Shareholders
      and in HKD to the H Shareholders. All cash dividends have been fully paid on 21 August 2020.


(4)   On 23 June 2020, the Resolution on Re-appointment of Accounting Firms was considered and approved at the 2019
      Annual General Meeting of the Company. Pursuant to the resolution, the Company appointed PwC Zhong Tian and
      PwC Hong Kong as the external auditors of the Company for 2020 and PwC Zhong Tian as the audit firm for the
      internal control of the Company in 2020. On 18 March 2021, PwC issued unqualified audit reports and the Audit
      Report on the Internal Control for the Company.


(5)   On 31 December 2019, the Resolution on the Amendments to the Articles of Association of the Company was
      considered and approved at the 2019 Second Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company, pursuant to which, it
      was agreed that the Company will make corresponding amendments to certain articles in the Articles of Association
      of Company and its Appendices in accordance with the regulatory requirements after taking into consideration the
      condition of the Company. The amended Articles of Association of the Company took effect on 1 March 2020.


(6)   On 18 August 2020, the Resolution on the Amendments and Improvements to the Articles of Association of the
      Company was considered and approved at the 2020 First Extraordinary General Meeting of the Company, pursuant
      to which, it was agreed to amend and improve the Articles of Association of the Company. The amendments
      added relevant content in accordance with Article 19 of the Company Law and the relevant requirements regarding
      incorporation of Party-building work into the articles of association of financial enterprises. The amended Articles of
      Association of the Company took effect on 18 August 2020.


Training of Directors
Training of Directors is a continuous program. The Company will arrange induction training for all newly appointed Directors
according to their experiences and backgrounds. The Company will also provide relevant various kinds of reading materials
to newly appointed Directors to enhance their knowledge and understanding about the corporate culture and operation
of the Group. The training and reading materials generally include brief introduction about the structure, business and
corporate governance of the Group, as well as an introduction on the securities industry and investment banking business in
China.


In addition, every Director will receive a guideline on code of conduct and other documents when joining the Board. During
the Reporting Period, the Directors were periodically or occasionally provided with reporting information about the business
operations of the Group, as well as the introduction on the changes and latest development of the relevant legislative and
regulatory environment. Besides, the Company also encourages all Directors to participate in relevant training courses at the
cost of the Company. All Directors have provided regular training records to the Company.




172
During the Reporting Period, the Directors of the Company attached great importance to updating their professional
knowledge and skills to cater for the needs of the Company’s development, the methods and the details are as follows:


 Name                 Position              Methods and Details of the Training


 ZHANG Youjun         Executive Director,   In April 2020, Mr. ZHANG participated in the Interpretation of the new
                        Chairman            Securities Law training organized by the China Association for Public
                                            Companies. In June 2020, he participated in the 2020 first central group (larger)
                                            learning seminar of the Party Committee of CITIC Group to learn and implement
                                            the spirit of the “Two Sessions” and grasp the current economic situations.
                                            In July 2020, he participated in the collective study seminar and special party
                                            class of the central group of the Party Committee of CITIC Group, to deeply
                                            grasp the political attributes of state-owned enterprises and resolutely achieve
                                            a clear-cut stand for politics. From August to September 2020, he participated
                                            in the Rotational Training on the conference spirit of the Fourth Plenary Session
                                            of the 19th Central Committee of the CPC of the Party Committee of CITIC
                                            Group. In September 2020, he participated in the analysis of the impact of
                                            the new Securities Law on the practice of listed companies organized by The
                                            Listed Companies Association of Shanghai. In November 2020, he participated
                                            in the Quality Improving Conference for Public Companies in Shenzhen




                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report
                                            jurisdiction organized by the Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau and co-
                                            organized by the Shenzhen Public Companies Association; participated in the
                                            special party class of the Company’s Party Committee to learn the important
                                            speech of the CPC Secretary General at the Central Party School of the CPC,
                                            and improve the ability to solve practical problems; participated in the special
                                            learning seminar of the Company’s Party Committee center group on the study
                                            of the Party Constitution; participated in central group (larger) learning seminar
                                            of the Party Committee of CITIC Group to learn and implement the conference
                                            spirit of the Fifth Plenary Session of the 19th Central Committee of the CPC.
                                            From November to December 2020, he attended the column learning of brief
                                            history of state-owned enterprises organized by China E-learning Academy for
                                            Leadership. In December 2020, he participated in central group (larger) learning
                                            seminar of the Party Committee of CITIC Group to learn the Party’s Regulations
                                            and strengthen the Party building of state-owned enterprises; participated in
                                            the special learning seminar on XI Jinping The Governance of China III and
                                            on studying and implementing the spirit of the Fifth Plenary Session of the
                                            19th Central Committee of the CPC organized by the central group of the
                                            Company’s Party Committee.




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     173
Corporate Governance Report



Name           Position             Methods and Details of the Training


YANG Minghui   Executive Director   In April 2020, Mr. YANG participated in the Interpretation of the new Securities
                                    Law training organized by the China Association for Public Companies. In June
                                    2020, he participated in the 2020 first central group (larger) learning seminar
                                    of the Party Committee of CITIC Group to learn and implement the spirit of
                                    the “Two Sessions” and grasp the current economic situations. In July 2020,
                                    he participated in the collective study seminar and special party class of the
                                    central group of the Party Committee of CITIC Group, to deeply grasp the
                                    political attributes of state-owned enterprises and resolutely achieve a clear-
                                    cut stand for politics. From August to September 2020, he participated in the
                                    Rotational Training on the conference spirit of the Fourth Plenary Session of the
                                    19th Central Committee of the CPC of the Party Committee of CITIC Group.
                                    In September 2020, he participated in the analysis of the impact of the new
                                    Securities Law on the practice of listed companies organized by The Listed
                                    Companies Association of Shanghai. In November 2020, he participated in the
                                    Quality Improving Conference for Public Companies in Shenzhen jurisdiction
                                    organized by the Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau and co-organized
                                    by the Shenzhen Public Companies Association; participated in the special
                                    learning seminar of the Company’s Party Committee center group on the study
                                    of the Party Constitution; participated in central group (larger) learning seminar
                                    of the Party Committee of CITIC Group to learn and implement the conference
                                    spirit of the Fifth Plenary Session of the 19th Central Committee of the CPC.
                                    From November to December 2020, he attended the column learning of brief
                                    history of state-owned enterprises organized by China E-learning Academy for
                                    Leadership. In December 2020, he participated in central group (larger) learning
                                    seminar of the Party Committee of CITIC Group to learn the Party’s Regulations
                                    and strengthen the Party building of state-owned enterprises; participated
                                    in the learning experience exchange meeting of the center group on theory
                                    study of the Party Committee of CITIC Group to deeply study and implement
                                    XI Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era;
                                    participated in the special learning seminar on XI Jinping The Governance
                                    of China III and on studying and implementing the spirit of the Fifth Plenary
                                    Session of the 19th Central Committee of the CPC organized by the central
                                    group of the Company’s Party Committee.




174
Name          Position          Methods and Details of the Training


WANG Shuhui   Non-executive     In May 2020, Mr. WANG attended the special trainings on Provisions
                Director        regarding Full Implementation of the Principal Roles with respect to Strict
                                CPC Governance by the Party Committee (Group) and the Regulations on the
                                Work of Basic Organizations of the State-owned Enterprises of the Communist
                                Party of China (Trial) organized by Yuexiu Financial Holdings. From July to
                                October 2020, Mr. WANG attended the fifth to eighth lectures of the 2020
                                network training series for chairman and general manager of listed companies
                                organized by the China Association for Public Companies. In September 2020,
                                he attended the interpretation of the impact of new Securities Law on the
                                practice of listed companies, which was organized by The Listed Companies
                                Association of Shanghai; and participated in the Meeting of Yuexiu Group
                                Party Committee Theoretical Central Learning Group (larger) and the Civil Code
                                Interpretation Session. In November 2020, Mr. WANG attended the Meeting
                                on Improvement of the Quality of Listed Companies in Shenzhen held by
                                the Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau and co-organized by Shenzhen
                                Public Companies Association; attended the in-camera meeting “Financial
                                development of Guangdong facing the 14th ‘Five-Year’” organized by the
                                Local Financial Supervision and Administration Bureau of Guangdong Province;




                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance Report
                                and attended the 2020 training course for chairman of listed companies in
                                Guangdong organized by the Guangdong Securities Regulatory Bureau.
                                In December 2020, Mr. WANG attended the seminar class for study and
                                implementation of the spirit of the important instructions of General Secretary
                                XI Jinping from his important lectures at the 40th anniversary celebration for
                                the establishment of the Shenzhen Special Economic Zone and during the
                                inspection of Guangdong and for the study and implementation of the spirit
                                of the Fifth Plenary Session of the 19th Central Committee of the CPC by
                                municipal government officials in Guangzhou.


LIU Ke        Independent       In August 2020, Mr. LIU participated in the second follow-up training for
                Non-executive   independent directors of listed companies in 2020 organized by the SSE and
                Director        obtained a certificate. In September 2020, he attended the interpretation of the
                                impact of new Securities Law on the practice of listed companies, which was
                                organized by The Listed Companies Association of Shanghai. In November
                                2020, Mr. LIU attended the Meeting on Improvement of the Quality of Listed
                                Companies in Shenzhen held by the Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau
                                and co-organized by Shenzhen Public Companies Association. In December
                                2020, Mr. LIU attended the training on major regulatory policies and ESG
                                Reporting Guide of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange organized by PwC
                                Zhong Tian for independent directors of the company in 2020; and read the
                                Interpretation of the Securities Law of the PRC.




                                                      CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   175
Corporate Governance Report



 Name                  Position             Methods and Details of the Training


 HE Jia                Independent          In August 2020, Mr. HE participated in the second follow-up training for
                         Non-executive      independent directors of listed companies in 2020 organized by the SSE and
                         Director           obtained a certificate. In September 2020, he attended the interpretation of the
                                            impact of new Securities Law on the practice of listed companies, which was
                                            organized by The Listed Companies Association of Shanghai. In November
                                            2020, Mr. HE attended the Meeting on Improvement of the Quality of Listed
                                            Companies in Shenzhen held by the Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau
                                            and co-organized by Shenzhen Public Companies Association. In December
                                            2020, he attended the training on major regulatory policies and ESG Reporting
                                            Guide of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange organized by PwC Zhong Tian for
                                            independent directors of the company in 2020.


 ZHOU Zhonghui         Independent          In June 2020, Mr. ZHOU participated in the video course learning for
                         Non-executive      independent directors organized by the SSE STAR Market and obtained a
                         Director           certificate. In September 2020, Mr. ZHOU attended the interpretation of the
                                            impact of new Securities Law on the practice of listed companies, which was
                                            organized by The Listed Companies Association of Shanghai. In November
                                            2020, Mr. ZHOU attended the Meeting on Improvement of the Quality of Listed
                                            Companies in Shenzhen held by the Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau
                                            and co-organized by Shenzhen Public Companies Association. In December
                                            2020, he attended the first training course for directors and supervisors of
                                            listed companies in 2020 organized by The Listed Companies Association
                                            of Shanghai; and attended the training on major regulatory policies and ESG
                                            Reporting Guide of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange organized by PwC Zhong
                                            Tian for independent directors of the company in 2020.

Measures implemented by the Board in respect of corporate governance
During the Reporting Period, the major measures that the Board implemented in respect of corporate governance are as
follows:


(1)   Corporate governance of the Company and related recommendations: Faced with the complex economic and market
      environment of 2020, the Board and the specialized committees of the Board carried out on-going understanding on
      the status of the Company and market condition as well as requirements of regulations, promoted the Company to
      further streamline the internal management processes, to enhance the internal control mechanism and to build up and
      improve the risk management system.


(2)   Development of Directors and Senior Management: The Company provided professional trainings for Directors and
      Senior Management to perform their duties and timely provided relevant materials in relation to securities industry and
      the development updates of the Company to provide convenience for them to perform their duties.




176
(3)   Compliance management of laws and regulations: The Board made amendments to certain articles of the Articles of
      Association of the Company and its appendices in accordance with the requirements of relevant laws and regulations
      and normative documents as revised by regulatory authorities and taking into consideration the Company’s operation
      and development needs.


      The Company amended the Integrity Practices of the Company in accordance with the Regulations on the Integrity
      of Securities and Futures Operation Institutions and their Employees issued by the CSRC. The amendments were
      preliminarily reviewed by the 2020 1st meeting of the Risk Management Committee of the Board and were considered
      and approved at the 4th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board, which took effect from 19 March 2020.


      The Company amended the Administrative Measures on Anti-Money Laundering of the Company in accordance with
      the Guidelines on Risk Management of Money Laundering and Terrorism Financing of Corporate Financial Institutions
      (Trial), the Preliminary Evaluation of Anti-Money Laundering Classification and Rating in 2019 issued by the Anti-Money
      Laundering Bureau of the People’s Bank of China, and the 2019 Institutional Money Laundering Risk Assessment
      Report of CITIC Securities considered and approved by the 13th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board. The
      amendments were preliminarily reviewed by the 4th meeting of the 2020 Risk Management Committee of the Board
      and were considered and approved at the 16th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board, which took effect from
      24 November 2020.


(4)   Corporate Governance Report: The Board reviewed the Corporate Governance Report before the publishment of the




                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance Report
      2020 Annual Results Announcement of the Company and was of the view that the Corporate Governance Report
      complied with the relevant requirements of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.


Chairman
Mr. ZHANG Youjun serves as the Chairman of the Company. The Chairman is the Company’s legal representative, whose
responsibilities are to take charge of the operation of the Board and to ensure that the Board acts in the best interest of the
Company, that the Board operates effectively, fulfills its duties and considers all important and appropriate issues, and that
the Directors can receive information in an accurate, timely and clear manner.


President
Mr. YANG Minghui serves as the President of the Company. The President is responsible for presiding over the Company’s
daily work, which mainly includes, organizing to carry out the Board’s resolutions, organizing the implementation of the
Company’s annual business plan and investment plan, formulating the Company’s basic management system, formulating
the specific rules and regulations of the Company, drafting plans for the establishment of the Company’s internal
management structure, proposing the appointment or dismissal of Senior Management other than the President, the
Compliance Officer and the Board Secretary, deciding on the appointment or dismissal of management personnel other than
those required to be appointed or dismissed by the Board, implementing the risk control system of the Company, ensuring
that the Company meets the requirements of the risk control indicators set by the CSRC, and exercising other powers
granted by the Articles of Association of the Company and the Board of the Company. The President shall be accountable
to the Board and report his work to the Board.




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report    177
Corporate Governance Report



Non-executive Directors
The Company currently has four non-executive Directors, three of which are independent non-executive Directors. For
details about the terms of office of the non-executive Directors, please refer to the section headed “Directors, Supervisors,
Senior Management and Employees” of this report.


Specialized Committees under the Board
The Seventh Session of the Board has established the Strategic Planning Committee, the Audit Committee, the
Remuneration and Appraisal Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Risk Management Committee and the Related
Party Transactions Control Committee, which are responsible for assisting the Board to perform its duties from various
aspects. During the Reporting Period, the specialized committees of the Board cordially performed their duties, actively
discussed the changes in internal and external environment, participated in the collective decision-making of material
matters of the Company, and provided a number of constructive and professional opinions and recommendations on the
rapid and healthy development of the Company. In response to the financial situation of global economic, the national
macroeconomic policies and the regulatory requirements on the securities industry, specialized committees of the Board
affirmed the Company’s strategic goals and made recommendations to the Board in respect of deeply advancing the
internationalization process, improving internal control, preventing business risks, exploring more efficient management
structures, establishing incentive policies matching with the industry positioning of the Company and other aspects. During
the Reporting Period, none of the committee members raised objection to the matters being considered.


During the Reporting Period, meetings held by the specialized committees of the Board are as follows:


Strategic Planning Committee
The primary responsibilities of the Strategic Planning Committee of the Board are: to understand and master the overall
operations of the Company; to understand, analyze and master the current conditions of the international and domestic
industries; to understand and master relevant policies of China; to research on the short-term, mid-term and long-term
development strategies of the Company and other related issues; to advise on the long-term development strategies, major
investments, reforms and other major decisions of the Company; to review and approve the special research reports on
development strategies; and to issue routine research reports on a regular or irregular basis.


The Strategic Planning Committee of the Company currently comprises four members, namely, Mr. ZHANG Youjun, an
executive Director, Mr. YANG Minghui, an executive Director, Mr. WANG Shuhui, a non-executive Director and Mr. LIU
Ke, an independent non-executive Director. The chairman of the Strategic Planning Committee is Mr. ZHANG Youjun, an
executive Director.




178
During the Reporting Period, the Strategic Planning Committee held five meetings in total, details of which are as follows:


 Date of Meeting              Proposals Passed


 27 March 2020                Proposal on the Acquisition of 100% Equity Interest in Guangzheng Lingxiu Investment
                              Company Limited
 22 July 2020                 Proposal on the Increase of Capital in CITIC Securities International Co., Ltd.
 15 September 2020            Proposal on the Investment Through Overseas Subsidiaries
 19 November 2020             Proposal on Reducing Capital in CITIC Securities South China Company Limited
 31 December 2020             Proposal on Adjusting the Settings of the General Administration Department

All members of the Strategic Planning Committee attended the above meetings.


Audit Committee
The primary responsibilities of the Audit Committee of the Board are: to make recommendations to the Board on the
appointment and removal of the auditors of the Company; to approve the remuneration and terms of engagement for
the auditors; to review and monitor the independence and objectivity of the external auditors and the effectiveness of the
auditing procedures in accordance with applicable standards; to review the financial information of the Company and its
disclosure; to review the financial control, internal control and risk management systems of the Company; and to review the
financial and accounting policies and practices of the Company.




                                                                                                                               Corporate Governance Report
The Audit Committee of the Company currently comprises three members, namely, Mr. ZHOU Zhonghui, Mr. LIU Ke and
Mr. HE Jia, each an independent non-executive Director. The chairman of the Audit Committee is Mr. ZHOU Zhonghui, an
independent non-executive Director.


During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee held seven meetings in total. The Audit Committee convened its
meetings, considered relevant matters and made decisions in accordance with the Rules of Procedure of the Audit
Committee of the Board of the Company, and made efforts to enhance the efficiency of its work and the soundness of its
decision-making. The Audit Committee diligently performed its duties, and actively participated in the preparation, audit
and disclosure of annual financial reports according to the Working Procedures of the Audit Committee of the Board for
Annual Reports. It ensured the independence of audit, enhanced the audit quality, and protected the overall interests of the
Company and its Shareholders.


The Audit Committee and its members have fully played their roles of audit and supervision according to the relevant laws
and regulations, diligently performed their duties and made great contributions to improving corporate governance structure
and enhancing the audit quality.


The Audit Committee prudently reviewed the financial status of the Company and examined the financial statements
prepared by the Company, and considered that the Company’s financial system is under stable operation and the financial
status is good. Besides, the Board, through the Audit Committee, also reviewed and was satisfied with the adequacy of
resources, staff qualifications and experience, training programmes for employees and relevant budget in relation to the
Company’s accounting and financial reporting functions.




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   179
Corporate Governance Report



Major accomplishments of the Audit Committee in 2020 included:


•       reviewing periodic financial reports


•       reviewing the summary of the internal audits and approving the annual internal audit plan


•       reviewing the major findings on the audits of the internal audit departments and external auditors, and responses of the
        management to the recommendations on such audits


•       reviewing the effectiveness of the internal control system and adequacy of accounting and financial reporting functions


•       reviewing the statutory scope of review of the external auditors


•       considering the fee and appointment of the external auditors


•       reviewing and monitoring the independence of the external auditors and the non-audit services provided by them


Meetings of the Audit Committee during the Reporting Period and up to the date of the 2020 Annual Results Announcement
of the Company are as follows:


    Date of Meeting              Proposals Passed


    6 March 2020                 Report of PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP and PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                 Regarding the Company’s Preliminary Audit Results for 2019, Proposal on the Re-
                                 appointment of Accounting Firms, 2019 Audit Work Report, Audit Work Plan of the
                                 Company for 2020
    17 March 2020                Proposal on Considering the Audit Work Summary of PwC, Proposal on Considering the
                                 Performance Report of the Audit Committee of the Board of the Company for 2019, the
                                 2019 Annual Report, the 2019 Assessment Report on the Internal Control, the Audit Report
                                 on the Internal Control
    27 April 2020                the 2020 First Quarterly Report
    11 August 2020               Proposal on Considering the 2020 Interim Work Review of the Company
    23 August 2020               Proposal on Considering the 2020 Interim Report of the Company
    27 October 2020              the 2020 Third Quarterly Report of the Company
    16 December 2020             Proposal on Considering the 2020 Audit Plan of CITIC Securities Company Limited
    4 March 2021                 Report of PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP and PricewaterhouseCoopers
                                 Regarding the Company’s Preliminary Audit Results for 2020, Proposal on the Re-
                                 appointment of Accounting Firms, Proposal on Provision for Expected Credit Losses of the
                                 Company for 2020, Audit Work Report of the Company for 2020, Audit Work Plan of the
                                 Company for 2021
    17 March 2021                the 2020 Annual Audit Work Summary of PwC, the Performance Report of the Audit
                                 Committee of the Board for 2020, the 2020 Annual Report, the 2020 Assessment Report on
                                 the Internal Control, the Audit Report on the Internal Control




180
All members of the Audit Committee attended the above meetings. They carefully reviewed the meeting documents
beforehand, making full preparation for performing their duties. During the process of considering the relevant proposals
at the meetings, all the members put forward pertinent suggestions leveraging on their own professional background and
experience, and actively guided the Company for relevant improvements.


Overview of audit work of the Company:


PwC carried out the 2020 audit work on the Company mainly by two stages, the preliminary audit and year-end audit. PwC
adopted the “Integrated Audit” method to complete the audit work in combination of the audit on financial statements and
the audit on internal control. At the preliminary audit stage, PwC conducted the audit on internal control and carried out
internal control testing at the enterprise level and the business process level under the Chinese Certified Public Accountants
Auditing Standards, the Guidelines for Audit on Enterprise Internal Control and the Opinions on the Implementation of
the Guidelines for Audit on Enterprise Internal Control issued by the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
Meanwhile, the IT auditors of PwC also asked for information about and conducted testing on major computer systems
used by the Company. At the year-end audit stage, PwC focused on the implementation of principal accounting policies and
the application of critical accounting judgements and accounting estimations adopted by the Company. PwC conducted
detailed testing such as external confirmations, review and re-calculation and substantive analysis to conduct audit on
financial statements items.


In order to successfully complete the audit on the 2020 annual financial statements of the Company and procure PwC




                                                                                                                                   Corporate Governance Report
to issue relevant reports within the agreed period, the Audit Committee of the Sixth Session of the Board authorized
the Planning and Financial Department of the Company to supervise on PwC in relation to the planning of audit work,
impairments of goodwill, valuation of financial instruments, impairments of financing business, judgement on scope of
consolidation, audit progress, timing of initial draft and final draft of the audit report, etc. during the auditing period. The
Audit Committee convened the 2020 7th meeting of the Audit Committee of the Seventh Session of the Board of the
Company on 16 December 2020 by means of on-site combined with tele-communications, at which the Audit Committee
considered and unanimously approved the 2020 Audit Plan of the Company. On 18 March 2021, PwC issued the
unqualified audit reports for the Company within the scheduled time.


In addition, the Audit Committee conducted an annual appraisal on PwC. In the appraisal, major considerations of the
Audit Committee include requirements of the laws and regulations of the Mainland China and Hong Kong and relevant
professional provisions in relation to the external auditors, and the external auditors’ compliance with such laws, regulations
and provisions and their overall performance during the Reporting Period. The Audit Committee is also responsible for
reviewing the independence of PwC to ensure that the reports issued by PwC can provide truly and objective opinions.
The Audit Committee has received a written confirmation from PwC on their independence and objectivity prior to the audit
of the Company’s 2020 financial statements. PwC shall not offer any other non-audit service unless otherwise specially
approved, to ensure that their judgment and independence in the audit are not undermined. The Audit Committee of the
Board was of the opinion that PwC conducted its independent audit on the 2020 financial statements of the Company in a
diligent, fair and objective manner, and successfully completed the annual audit work.




                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report    181
Corporate Governance Report



On 17 March 2021, the Audit Committee conducted a preliminary review on the 2020 Assessment Report on the Internal
Control and the Audit Report on Internal Control of the Company, and was of the view that the internal control system of the
Company was effective and well-performed, and the sound development of the Company is effectively secured. For details
of the evaluation of the Board on the internal control of the Company and relevant information, please refer to “Disclosure of
appraisal report on the internal control” in this Chapter.


Remuneration and Appraisal Committee
The Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Company currently comprises three members, namely, Mr. LIU Ke,
Mr. HE Jia and Mr. ZHOU Zhonghui, each an independent non-executive Director. The chairman of the Remuneration and
Appraisal Committee is Mr. LIU Ke, an independent non-executive Director.


The primary responsibilities of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the Board are: to establish and implement
the performance appraisal system that is adapt to the changing market, the remuneration policy that has competitive edge,
and the reward and punishment and incentive measures that are linked to the operating performance of the Company, and
make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration and its structure of all the Directors and Senior Management and
on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing remuneration policy; to review the performance
of the Directors and Senior Management, carry out annual performance appraisals over them, and review and approve
performance-based remuneration; and to monitor the implementation of the remuneration system of the Company.


Major accomplishments of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee in 2020 included:


•      reviewing the performance of the Directors and Senior Management, and carrying out annual performance appraisals
       over them


•      reviewing the remuneration level of the Directors and Senior Management and making recommendations to the Board
       in this regard


•      supervising the implementation of the remuneration system of the Company


During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee held one meeting in total, details of which are as
follows:


    Date of Meeting            Proposals Passed


    19 March 2020              Proposal on the Total Remuneration of the Directors of the Company for 2019, Proposal on
                               the Total Remuneration of Senior Management of the Company for 2019, the Proposal on
                               Annual Assessment on Chief Compliance Officer of the Company, Proposal on Considering
                               the Report of the Duty Performance of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee of the
                               Board of the Company in 2019, Proposal on Considering the Achievement of Performance
                               Targets in 2019 and the Implementation Plan of Annual Performance-based Remuneration
                               Policy for Senior Management of the Company, Proposal on Considering the Pre-distribution
                               Plan of Senior Management Loyalty Award of the Company in 2019




182
All members of the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee attended this meeting.


During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee supervised the implementation of the remuneration
system of the Company, and was of the opinion that the Company strictly implemented the remuneration system
established by the Board, and that the information about the remuneration of the Directors, Supervisors and Senior
Management disclosed in the 2020 Annual Report of the Company was true, accurate and complete, and in compliance
with the relevant requirements of the CSRC and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange.


Nomination Committee
The Nomination Committee of the Company currently comprises three members, namely, Mr. LIU Ke, an independent non-
executive Director, Mr. HE Jia, an independent non-executive Director and Mr. ZHANG Youjun, an executive Director. The
chairman of the Nomination Committee is Mr. LIU Ke, an independent non-executive Director.


The primary responsibilities of the Nomination Committee of the Company are: to review the structure, number
and composition of the Board (including skills, knowledge, experience and diversity of the Board members), make
recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board, if necessary, to match up with the strategies of the Company;
to study the selection criteria and procedures of the Directors and Senior Management and make recommendations to
the Board, to ensure that the Board members possess skills, experience and diversified views and perspectives required
and suitable for the operation and development of the Company; to conducted extensive searches for qualified candidates
for the Directors and Senior Management, review and give suggestions on the candidates and select and nominate




                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance Report
relevant candidates of Directors or make recommendations to the Board in this regard; to assess the independence of the
independent non-executive Directors; to make recommendations to the Board on relevant matters on the appointment or
re-appointment of the Directors and succession plan for Directors; and to report its decisions or recommendations to the
Board.


In order to achieve Board diversity, the Terms of Reference of the Nomination Committee of the Board of the Company
clearly states that the Nomination Committee should select the Director candidates based on objective standards, and
relevant standards include but are not limited to:


•    considering a combination of factors, such as gender, age, cultural and educational background, as well as
     professional experience of the Director candidates


•    considering the Company’s business features and future development needs, etc.


The Nomination Committee selects Director candidates and periodically reviews the measurable objectives of selecting
Director candidates, including but not limited to, gender, age, culture background, education background, professional
experience, years of service, etc., based on the abovementioned diversity principles. After taking into comprehensive
consideration of the Company’s business and development needs, the Nomination Committee believes that the current
session of the Board fully reﬂects a diversified composition in terms of skills, experience, knowledge and independence. As
at the date of this report, the composition of the Board from the view of diversity is summarized as follows: (1) education
background: among the six current Directors, three of them hold Doctor’s degree and the other three hold Master’s degree;
(2) age: among the six current Directors, three of them are at or beyond the age of 60 and the other three are below the
age of 60; and (3) role: among the six current Directors, two of them are executive Directors, one of them is non-executive
Director and the other three are independent non-executive Directors.



                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   183
Corporate Governance Report



The Company provides the Nomination Committee with sufficient resources to perform its duties. The Nomination
Committee may, if necessary, seek independent professional advice when performing its duties at the Company’s expense.


The Nomination Committee conducted preliminary review on the nomination of Mr. WANG Shuhui as the non-executive
Director of the Company in 2020.


During the Reporting Period, the Nomination Committee held one meeting in total, details of which are as follows:


 Date of Meeting              Proposals Passed


 19 March 2020                Proposal on the Nomination of the Non-executive Director and Appointments of Members of
                              the Specialized Committees under the Board of the Company

All members of the Nomination Committee attended this meeting.


Pursuant to the Articles of Association of the Company, Director candidates shall be nominated by the Board or the
Shareholders who individually or jointly hold more than 3% of the shares in the Company. The appointment of each of the
Director candidates shall be submitted to the general meeting for approval by way of resolution.


Before the Director candidates are presented to the Board, the Nomination Committee must conduct a review and
examination on the list and make recommendations to the Board and the Shareholders. The Nomination Committee will
review the biography of each of the candidates, conduct due diligence and evaluate the candidates’ skills, knowledge,
experience and diversification, etc.


Risk Management Committee
The Risk Management Committee of the Company currently comprises four members, namely, Mr. YANG Minghui, an
executive Director, Mr. WANG Shuhui, a non-executive Director, Mr. HE Jia, an independent non-executive Director and Mr.
ZHOU Zhonghui, an independent non-executive Director. The chairman of the Risk Management Committee is Mr. YANG
Minghui, an executive Director.


The primary responsibilities of the Risk Management Committee of the Board are: to develop the overall risk management
policy for the Board’s review; to prescribe strategic structures and resources used for the risk management of the Company,
and make them compatible with the internal risk management policy of the Company; to formulate the threshold of major
risks; and to supervise, examine and make recommendations to the Board on the relevant risk management policies.




184
During the Reporting Period, the Risk Management Committee held four meetings in total and considered various reports in
relation to risk control, compliance management and internal control and governance, details of which are as follows:


 Date of Meeting             Proposals Passed


 17 March 2020               the 2019 Assessment Report on the Internal Control, the Audit Report on the Internal
                             Control, the 2019 Compliance Report, the 2019 Evaluation Report on the Compliance
                             Management Effectiveness, the 2019 Anti-money Laundering Work Report, the 2019
                             Integrity Practices Management Report, Proposal on the Amendments to the Regulations on
                             the Integrity practices of CITIC Securities Company Limited, the 2019 Comprehensive Risk
                             Management Report, the Special Report on Information Technology Management for 2019
 23 August 2020              the 2020 Interim Compliance Report of CITIC Securities Company Limited, the 2020 Interim
                             Comprehensive Risk Management Report of CITIC Securities Company Limited
 29 August 2020              the 2019 Money Laundering Risk Assessment Report of CITIC Securities Company Limited
 19 November 2020            Proposal on Revising the Administrative Measures on Anti-Money Laundering

All members of Risk Management Committee attended the above meetings.


Related Party Transactions Control Committee
The Related Party Transactions Control Committee of the Company currently comprises three members, namely, Mr. HE




                                                                                                                              Corporate Governance Report
Jia, Mr. LIU Ke and Mr. ZHOU Zhonghui, each an independent non-executive Director. The chairman of the Related Party
Transactions Control Committee is Mr. HE Jia, an independent non-executive Director.


The primary responsibilities of the Related Party Transactions Control Committee of the Board are: to establish and
amend the related party/connected transactions management system of the Company and monitor its implementation; to
identify the list of related parties/connected persons of the Company and report it timely to the Board and the Supervisory
Committee; to define the types of the related party/connected transactions and determine their approval procedures,
standards and other matters; to review contemplated major related party/connected transactions of the Company with any
related parties/connected persons, form a written opinion to the Board for review and report the same to the Supervisory
Committee; and to review the information disclosure of any related party/connected transaction.




                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report    185
Corporate Governance Report



During the Reporting Period, the Related Party Transactions Control Committee held four meetings, details of which are as
follows:


 Date of Meeting             Proposals Passed


 6 March 2020                Proposal on Entering into the Supplemental Agreement on the Acquisition of Assets by
                             Issuance of Shares and Related Party Transactions and the Proposal on Compensation by
                             Counterparties based on Impairment Test in the Restructuring Transaction
 27 March 2020               Proposal   on   the   Estimation   of   Related   Party/Continuing   Connected   Transactions
                             Contemplated in the Ordinary Course of Business of the Company in 2020
 23 July 2020                Proposal on the Non-exercise of the Right of First Refusal and Formation of Joint Investment
                             Relationship with Related Party
 23 August 2020              Proposal on Considering the Implementation of Related Party/Continuing Connected
                             Transactions in the Ordinary Course of Business of the Company in the First Half of 2020

All members of the Related Party Transactions Control Committee attended the above meetings.


Performance of Duties by Independent Non-executive Directors
Work in relation to periodic reports
Preparation and review of 2019 Annual Report
All of the independent non-executive Directors of the Company are members of the Audit Committee. On 6 March 2020,
the 2020 1st meeting of the Audit Committee of the Seventh Session of the Board of the Company listened to the reports
of PwC Zhong Tian and PwC Hong Kong on the preliminary audit results of 2019 Annual Report, conducted reviews on the
Audit Work Plan of the Company for 2020, and preliminarily considered the Proposal on the Re-appointment of Accounting
Firms and the 2019 Audit Work Report of the Company.


On 17 March 2020, the 2020 2nd meeting of the Audit Committee of the Seventh Session of the Board of the Company
considered the Proposal on Considering the Audit Work Summary of PwC and the Proposal on Considering the Report of
the Audit Committee of the Board of the Company on the Performance of Duties in 2019, agreed to submit the 2019 Annual
Report, the 2019 Assessment Report on Internal Control, and the Audit Report on the Internal Control to the Board of the
Company for review.


Preparation and review of 2020 Annual Report
On 16 December 2020, the 2020 7th meeting of the Audit Committee of the Seventh Session of the Board considered and
approved the 2020 Audit Plan of CITIC Securities Company Limited.


On 4 March 2021, the Company’s independent non-executive Directors listened to the report of the Management, the
Chief Financial Officer and audit institutions on the operation, financial condition and audit of the Company in 2020. As
members of the Audit Committee, all the independent non-executive Directors of the Company considered the Report of
PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP and PricewaterhouseCoopers regarding Preliminary Audit Results of 2020 Annual
Report of the Company and 2021 Audit Work Plan of the Company and preliminarily considered the Proposal on the Re-
appointment of Accounting Firms, Proposal on the Accrual of Credit Impairment Loss of the Company for 2020, and 2020
Audit Work Report of the Company.




186
On 17 March 2021, as members of the Audit Committee, all of the independent non-executive Directors of the Company
considered the 2020 Annual Audit Work Summary of PwC and the Performance Report of the Audit Committee of the Board
for 2020, and conducted preliminary reviews on the 2020 Annual Report, the 2020 Assessment Report on the Internal
Control, and the Audit Report on the Internal Control.


Review of related party/connected transactions
On 6 March, 27 March, 23 July and 23 August 2020, respectively, the independent non-executive Directors of the
Company, as members of the Related Party Transactions Control Committee, preliminarily considered the Proposal
on Entering into the Supplementary Agreement on the Acquisition of Assets by Issuance of Shares and Related
Party Transactions, the Proposal on Compensation by Counterparties Based on Impairment Test in the Restructuring
Transactions, and the Proposal on the Estimation of Related Party/Continuing Connected Transactions to be Contemplated
in the Ordinary Course of Business of the Company in 2020, considered the Proposal on the Non-exercise of the Right of
First Refusal and Formation of Joint Investment Relationship with Related Party and the Proposal on Considering the Related
Party/Continuing Connected Transactions in the Ordinary Course of Business of the Company in the First Half of 2020.


On 6 March 2020, the independent non-executive Directors of the Company issued the Prior Approval Opinions and
Independent Opinions about the relevant matters in the 3rd Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board in relation to the
acquisition of assets by issuance of shares and related party transaction.


On 7 May, 20 July and 2 September 2020, respectively, the independent non-executive Directors of the Company




                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance Report
conducted special voting on the 2020 budget of related party transactions with the newly added related persons, the joint
establishment of fund with related parties, and the lease contracts with related persons.


On 22 July and 23 July 2020, the independent non-executive Directors of the Company issued the Prior Approval Opinions
and Independent Opinions on the Non-exercise of the Right of First Refusal and Formation of Joint Investment Relationship
with Related Party.


Other performance of duties
On 16 March 2020, the independent non-executive Directors of the Company gave a special explanation and issued
independent opinions about the relevant matters in the 4th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board in relation to the
guarantees, the related party/connected transactions, the profit distribution, the re-appointment of accounting firms and the
total remuneration of the Directors and Senior Management.


On 7 August 2020, the independent non-executive Directors of the Company issued their independent opinions on that
there were no de facto controller of the Company.


Establishment and improvement of working system in relation to the independent non-executive
Directors and performance of independent non-executive Directors
In order to improve the corporate governance structure, promote the regulated operations, safeguard the overall interests
of the Company and protect the lawful rights and interests of all Shareholders, particularly the minority Shareholders, the
Working System for Independent Directors of the Company officially came into force on 28 July 2008 after it was considered
and approved at the 28th Meeting of the Third Session of the Board. The contents of the system include: qualifications
of independent Directors; nomination, election and replacement of independent Directors; special powers of independent
Directors; independent opinions of independent Directors; necessary conditions being provided for independent Directors;
and working system regarding the annual report.

                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   187
Corporate Governance Report



During their term of office, all independent non-executive Directors complied with relevant requirements of the laws,
regulations and the Articles of Association of the Company, and had devoted sufficient time and energy to performing
their duties. When making an independent judgment, the independent non-executive Directors were not affected by the
substantial Shareholders of the Company or any other entity or individual having an interest in the Company; and they
endeavored to protect the interests of the Company and minority Shareholders.


The independent non-executive Directors actively participated in all the meetings of the Board. Among the members of
the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee, the Remuneration and Appraisal Committee and the Related Party
Transactions Control Committee of the Board, the Company has appointed the requisite number of independent non-
executive Directors as required by their respective rules, and the chairman of each of the specialized committees is assumed
by an independent non-executive Director. All the chairmen of the committees convened the meetings according to the
relevant rules of procedure.


Supervisors and the Supervisory Committee
The Supervisory Committee is the supervisory body of the Company and is accountable to the general meeting. According
to the Company Law and the Articles of Association of the Company, the Supervisory Committee is responsible for
overseeing the financial activities and internal control of the Company, and the legality and compliance of the Board, the
Operation Management and its members in the performance of their duties.


In 2020, the Supervisory Committee of the Company strictly complied with the Company Law, the Articles of Association of
the Company and other relevant requirements, lawfully and diligently performed its duties, observed the relevant procedures,
attended all on-site meetings of the Board and general meetings, made reports to the general meeting and submitted
its working report and relevant proposals. Based on the spirit of being accountable to all Shareholders, the Supervisory
Committee effectively supervised the legality and compliance of the Company’s finance and the performance of duties by
the Board and the Operation Management of the Company.


Meetings of the Supervisory Committee and attendance of Supervisors during the Reporting Period
In 2020, the Supervisory Committee of the Company convened 6 meetings in total. Details of which are as follows:


1.    During the 2nd Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company held on
      6 March 2020 by means of teleconference, the Supervisory Committee considered and unanimously approved the
      Proposal on Entering into of the Supplementary Agreement on Matters in Relation to the Acquisition of Assets by
      Issuance of Shares and Related Party Transactions and the Proposal on Compensation by Counterparties Based on
      Impairment Test in the Restructuring Transactions.


2.    During the 3rd Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company held on
      19 March 2020 by means of on-site combined with tele-communications at CITIC Securities Tower, Beijing, the
      Supervisory Committee agreed to submit the 2019 Annual Report, the Proposal on 2019 Profit Distribution Plan,
      2019 Work Report of the Supervisory Committee, and the Proposal on the Total Remuneration of the Supervisory
      Committee for 2019, to the Company’s 2019 Annual General Meeting for consideration, considered and unanimously
      approved the 2019 Social Responsibility Report, and conducted reviews on the 2019 Assessment Report on the
      Internal Control, the 2019 Audit Work Report, the 2019 Comprehensive Risk Management Report, the 2019 Integrity
      Practice Management Report and the 2019 Compliance Report.




188
3.     During the 4th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company held on 28 April
       2020 by means of teleconference, the Supervisory Committee considered and unanimously approved the 2020 First
       Quarterly Report of the Company and issued written review opinions.


4.     During the 5th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company held on
       24 June 2020 by means of teleconference, the Supervisory Committee considered and unanimously approved the
       Proposal on Election of the Chairman of the Supervisory Committee of the Company.


5.     During the 6th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company held on
       24 August 2020 by means of teleconference, the Supervisory Committee considered and unanimously approved
       the 2020 Interim Report of the Company and issued written review opinions, as well as conducted reviews on the
       2020 Interim Compliance Report of the Company and 2020 Interim Comprehensive Risk Management Report of the
       Company.


6.     During the 7th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Supervisory Committee of the Company held on
       29 October 2020 by means of teleconference, the Supervisory Committee considered and unanimously approved the
       2020 Third Quarterly Report of the Company, and issued written review opinions.


During the Reporting Period, the attendances of Supervisors at the meetings of the Supervisory Committee are as follows:




                                                                                                                                                         Corporate Governance Report
                                                                  Required
                                                                attendance
                                                                at meetings
                                                                     of the                   Attendance
                                                                Supervisory                    at on-site
                                                                Committee                      meetings
 Name of the                                                     during the        Actual       by other    Attendance             Means of attending
 Supervisor              Position                                      year   attendance          means       by proxy   Absence     on-site meetings


 ZHANG Changyi           Supervisor, Chairman of the                     3               3            —             —         —                    —
                            Supervisory Committee
 GUO Zhao                Supervisor                                      6               6             1            —         —         Teleconference
 RAO Geping              Supervisor                                      6               6             1            —         —         Teleconference
 LI Ning                 Employee Representative Supervisor              6               6            —             —         —                On-site
 NIU Xuekun              Employee Representative Supervisor              6               6            —             —         —                On-site
 Meetings of the Supervisory Committee held during the year                                                          6
 Of which:    number of meetings held on-site                                                                       —
              Number of meetings held via tele-communications                                                        5
              Number of meetings held by means of on-site combined with tele-communications                          1

Note: During the term of office of Mr. ZHANG Changyi in 2020, the Company held 3 meetings of Supervisory Committee and he attended all the meetings.




                                                                                       CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report        189
Corporate Governance Report



Participating in the audit project of the Company and conducting on-site inspections
To ensure the Supervisors to perform their supervision duties, the Supervisory Committee continued to strengthen
supervision and inspection of the Company’s day-to-day operations. In particular, combined with the Company’s audit
project, the Supervisors of the Company participated in the on-site opinion exchange sessions on audit held by the Auditing
Department about relevant departments, outlets and subsidiaries, and visited some of the subsidiaries.


In 2020, the Supervisory Committee of the Company completed 4 on-site activities in total, details of which are as below:


On 14 August 2020, the Chairman of the Supervisory Committee ZHANG Changyi, Supervisor RAO Geping, and Employee
Representative Supervisor NIU Xuekun went to Hujialou Outlet in Beijing to participate in the on-site opinion exchange
sessions on audit held by the Auditing Department about the outlet and conducted on-site exchange.


From 19 to 21 August 2020, Chairman of the Supervisory Committee ZHANG Changyi, Supervisor GUO Zhao, Employee
Representative Supervisor LI Ning and NIU Xuekun went to the Shaanxi Branch Office of CITIC Securities, learned about the
branch office’s operational compliance and risk control, participated in the on-site opinion exchange sessions on audit held
by the Auditing Department about the Shaanxi Branch Office, and visited the local outlets, unified customer contact center,
CITIC Futures Shaanxi Branch Office and other places, and conducted on-site exchange with employees.


From 17 to 18 September 2020, the Chairman of the Supervisory Committee ZHANG Changyi, Supervisor GUO Zhao,
RAO Geping, and Employee Representative Supervisor LI Ning and NIU Xuekun went to the Shenzhen Branch Office of
CITIC Securities, learned about the branch office’s operational compliance and risk control, participated in the on-site
opinion exchange sessions on audit held by the Auditing Department about Shenzhen Branch Office and conducted on-site
exchange.


From 27 to 28 October 2020, the Chairman of the Supervisory Committee ZHANG Changyi, Supervisor GUO Zhao, RAO
Geping, and Employee Representative Supervisor LI Ning went to the Zhejiang Branch Office of CITIC Securities, learned
about the branch office’s operational compliance and risk control, participated in the on-site opinion exchange sessions on
audit held by the Auditing Department about the Zhejiang Branch Office and conducted on-site exchange.


Through on-site inspections, the ways for the Supervisors to perform their duties were further enriched, which improved
their understanding of the Company’s operations and basic conditions, and effectively enhanced the capabilities of the
Supervisor of the Company to supervise the operation and management activities of the Company.


Independent opinions of the Supervisory Committee
During the Reporting Period, the Supervisors attended all on-site meetings of the Board and general meetings. They
supervised and inspected the operation in compliance with laws, major decisions, major business activities and the financial
position of the Company. On the basis of the above, the following independent opinions were given:


1.    The Company managed to operate in strict compliance with the Company Law, the Securities Law, the Articles of
      Association of the Company and the relevant rules and regulations of the State, and the decision-making procedure
      of the Company was legal. The Company was able to continuously improve its internal control system, and none
      of the Directors and Senior Management was involved in any violation of laws or disciplines or other acts that may
      harm the interests of the Company when performing their duties. The Supervisory Committee of the Company had no
      disagreement in relation to any supervisory matters during the Reporting Period.



190
2.   The financial position of the Company was sound. The financial report for 2020 had been audited by PwC. The
     auditors had issued their audit reports with unqualified opinions, which gave a true and fair view of the financial
     position and the business performance of the Company.


3.   During the Reporting Period, the Company issued 12 tranches of public corporate bonds with an issuance size of
     RMB65 billion in total and one tranche of non-public corporate bonds with an issuance size of RMB5.6 billion. The
     Company issued one tranche of non-public subordinated bonds with an issuance size of RMB2 billion, proceeds
     of which were used to replenish the working capital of the Company and repay debt financing instruments. The
     Company issued 13 tranches of short-term Commercial Papers with an issuance size of RMB61 billion in total,
     proceeds of which were used to replenish the liquidity capital, and issued 2,540 tranches of beneficiary certificates
     with an issuance size of RMB115.727 billion in total, proceeds of which were used to replenish the working capital
     of the Company. The Company established special proceeds accounts for various tranches of corporate bonds
     and subordinated bonds in accordance with the Administrative Measures for the Issuance and Trading of Corporate
     Bonds, to receive, deposit and transfer proceeds and to organize and manage the payment of interest and redemption
     of principal. As at the end of the Reporting Period, proceeds of each tranche of bonds were completely used, which
     was in line with the usage, using plan and other agreements in the prospectuses.


4.   Acquisitions or disposals of assets were made by the Company at reasonable prices. No insider dealings were found,
     nor was there any circumstances which may jeopardize the interests of part of the Shareholders or cause any loss to
     the Company’s assets.




                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance Report
5.   The relevant related party/connected transactions of the Company were fair, in compliance with laws and not
     prejudicial to the interests of the Company.


6.   The Board Secretary is designated to be responsible for information disclosure as well as receiving incoming calls,
     visits and enquiries and other activities from investors. The Company has designated China Securities Journal,
     Shanghai Securities News and Securities Times as the newspapers for information disclosure of the Company, and
     the website of the SSE at http://www.sse.com.cn and the HKEXnews website of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange at
     http://www.hkexnews.hk as the websites for information disclosure of the Company. The Company had been in strict
     compliance with the provisions and requirements of the relevant laws and regulations and the Management Measures
     on Information Disclosure to truly, accurately, timely and completely disclose relevant information and ensure that all
     Shareholders were given equal opportunities to be informed of the relevant information.


     During the Reporting Period, the Management Measures on Information Disclosure, Registration System for Person
     Informed of Inside Information and other relevant systems of the Company were effectively implemented, the
     Company’s information disclosure was further regulated, the Company’s information disclosure management level and
     quality of information disclosure were enhanced, the principle of fairness of information disclosure was maintained, and
     the legal rights of investors were protected. Meanwhile, the Management Measures on Information Disclosure and the
     Company’s internal system provided clear requirements on the reporting, delivery, review and disclosure procedures
     for significant matters of the Company and it was implemented well.




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   191
Corporate Governance Report



7.    The written review opinions on the annual report prepared by the Board were as follows:


      The preparation and approval procedures of the annual report of the Company were in compliance with all the
      requirements under the relevant laws and regulations, the Articles of Association of the Company and the internal
      management systems of the Company;


      Contents and format of the annual report were in compliance with the relevant requirements of the regulatory
      authorities, and information disclosed therein can completely and truly reﬂect the operational and financial conditions
      and other matters of the Company for the year;


      None of the persons involved in the preparation and review of the annual report had committed any action in breach of
      confidentiality requirements.


8.    The Supervisory Committee of the Company reviewed the 2020 Profit Distribution Plan of the Company and
      considered that the 2020 Profit Distribution Plan of the Company formulated by the Board was in compliance with the
      requirements of the relevant laws, regulations and the regulatory documents of the Company and strictly performed
      the cash dividend decision-making procedure. The 2020 Profit Distribution Plan of the Company had given full
      consideration to the Company’s internal and external factors, Company’s current status, development plan, future
      capital requirements and the overall and long-term interest of the Shareholders. Consent has been given to submit this
      plan to the Shareholders’ general meeting of the Company for consideration.


9.    The Supervisory Committee of the Company reviewed the 2020 Assessment Report on Internal Control, the 2020
      Compliance Report, the 2020 Integrity Practice Management Report, the 2020 Comprehensive Risk Management
      Report and the 2020 Audit Work Report of the Company, and they had no disagreement with the contents therein.


Appointment of Auditors
Please refer to “Appointment or Termination of Service of Accounting Firms” of this report.


The Directors are responsible for the preparation of the accounts and the auditors are responsible for the issuance of audit
opinions on the financial statements based on their audit work.


Non-audit Work
During the Reporting Period, the Company engaged PwC Zhong Tian to provide non-audit services to the Company,
including tax assurance, ESG report assurance and consultancy services, with a total of non-audit service fee of RMB3.04
million.


Responsibilities of Directors for the Financial Statements
The following responsibility statement of Directors regarding the financial statements shall be read in conjunction with the
responsibility statement of the certified public accountants included in the audit report of this report. Each responsibility
statement shall be understood separately.


All Directors of the Company confirm that they have the responsibilities to compile the financial statements which can truly
reﬂect the operating results of the Company in each financial year. To the best knowledge of all Directors, there are no
events or situations which may cause material adverse impact on the ongoing operations of the Company.



192
Company Secretary
The Company Secretary is accountable to the Board and ensures that various meetings of the Board are successfully
convened according to the correct procedures; advises and recommends on issues related to corporate governance; and
promotes the effective communication among members of the Board, and among the Directors, the Shareholders and the
Operation Management of the Company.


The Company Secretary circulates the agenda on corporate governance for the Chairman, and provides sufficient
explanation and information to the Board in a timely manner, especially the arrangement of annual Board meetings and
meetings of the specialized committees; regularly provides Weekly Information and Monthly Management to the Board
and the Supervisory Committee to keep update the Board and the Supervisory Committee on the latest development of
the Company in a timely manner. The Company Secretary provides sufficient bases and recommendations on corporate
governance, Board meeting procedures, non-executive Director’s involvement in the internal management meetings, and
non-executive Director’s visits to the Company and other matters for the Board’s review. The Directors are entitled to obtain
the Company Secretary’s opinions, recommendations and related services. During the Reporting Period, the Company
Secretary duly performed her duties, ensured that the respective meetings of the Board of the Company are successfully
convened and promoted the effective communication among members of the Board, and among the Directors, the
Shareholders and the Operation Management of the Company.


During the Reporting Period, Ms. ZHENG Jing, the former Board Secretary of the Company, had concurrently served as
the Company Secretary. Due to personal reasons, Ms. ZHENG Jing submitted her resignation report to the Board of the




                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance Report
Company before the 2nd Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board on 11 February 2020, and ceased to serve as the
Board Secretary of the Company and resigned from her positions as the Company Secretary and other positions in the
Company, with effect from 11 February 2020. The Board of the Company resolved at a meeting held on 11 February 2020
to appoint Ms. LIU Xiaomeng as the Authorized Representative of the Company and appoint Ms. LIU Xiaomeng and Ms. YU
Hiu Kwan, Hilda as the Joint Company Secretaries, both with effect from 11 February 2020.


In order to better perform duties and in accordance with the Hong Kong Listing Rules and other relevant requirements,
Ms. LIU Xiaomeng confirmed that she had received no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training during the
Reporting Period, including: participated in the 52nd Seminar for Strengthening the Ongoing Professional Development
of Affiliated Persons jointly organized by the Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries and the SSE; participated in
the lecture of Governance, Risk & Compliance Series: G in ESG — Corporate Governance in Asia and Why It Matters to
Investors held by the Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries; participated in the training on the new Securities Law
held by the Shenzhen Public Companies Association; and participated in the training on the interpretation of revision of the
Securities Law and the special training on compliance management in 2020 held by the Company. Ms. YU Hiu Kwan, Hilda
also confirmed that she had received no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training during the Reporting Period,
including Chinese Company Secretary Practices (business entities, establishment procedures, liquidation of wholly foreign-
owned enterprises and representative offices), seminar on company secretary practices and the update on the corporate
regulations in 2020.




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   193
Corporate Governance Report



Investor Relations
Amendments to the Articles of Association
The Resolution on the Amendments to the Articles of Association of the Company was preliminarily reviewed at the
46th Meeting of the Sixth Session of the Board of the Company, and was considered and approved at the 2019
Second Extraordinary General Meeting, pursuant to which, it was agreed that the Company would make corresponding
amendments to certain articles in the Articles of Association of the Company and its Appendices in accordance with the
regulatory requirements after taking into consideration the condition of the Company. The amendments mainly involve the
following seven aspects: amending the articles in relation to share repurchase in accordance with the amended Company
Law; further improving the governance structure and operating mechanism of the Company in accordance with the
amended Code of Corporate Governance for Listed Companies; amending the articles in relation to share repurchase and
corporate governance in accordance with the Guidelines for the Articles of Association of Listed Companies; updating
relevant articles in accordance with the amendments to the SSE Listing Rules; specifying the role of the Chief Information
Officer as a member of the senior management and the duties of the Board and the Executive Committee in relation to the
information technology governance; including the regulatory requirements in relation to the share ownership management
of the securities companies and other relevant contents in the Articles of Association of the Company; further clarifying the
scope of authorization of the general meeting and the Board. The amended Articles of Association of the Company and its
Appendixes took effect on 1 March 2020.


The Proposal on the Change of Registered Capital of the Company and the Amendments to the Articles of Association
of the Company was considered and approved at the 5th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board of the Company,
pursuant to which, it was agreed to change the registered capital of the Company to RMB12,926,776,029, and to amend
relevant articles of the Articles of Association of the Company. According to the authorization under the Proposal on the
Authorization to the Board to Deal with Matters Relating to the Transaction at Its Discretion as considered and approved at
the 2019 First Extraordinary General Meeting, this matter is not required to be separately submitted to the general meeting
of the Company for consideration and approval. The amended Articles of Association of the Company took effect on 28
April 2020.


The Resolution on the Amendments and Improvements to the Articles of Association of the Company was preliminarily
reviewed at the 10th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board of the Company, and was considered and approved
at the 2020 First Extraordinary General Meeting, pursuant to which, it was agreed to amend and improve the Articles of
Association of the Company. The amendments added relevant contents in accordance with Article 19 of the Company
Law and the relevant requirements regarding incorporation of Party-building work into the articles of association of financial
enterprises. The amended Articles of Association of the Company took effect on 18 August 2020.


Work conducted relating to investor relations during the Reporting Period
The Board and the Operation Management of the Company value the investor relations work and actively participate in
investor management work to enhance the investors’ understanding of the Company, continuously promote work relating to
corporate governance and investor protections.


In 2020, the Company upheld its principle of being open, fair and just, ensured the truthfulness, accuracy and completeness
of the information disclosed and disseminated by the disclosures of statutory information. The Company communicates with
its investors through telephone, email, online platform, receiving visits, and attending investor meetings with an active and
open attitude, to ensure that all Shareholders, especially the minority Shareholders, can fully exercise their rights.




194
In 2020, the Company organized various communication activities for investors and analysts in accordance with the
regulatory requirements and the needs for business development including: two general meetings were held to consider
important issues such as the 2019 profit distribution, and amendment to the Articles of Association of the Company,
with the presence of the Directors, Supervisors, Senior Management and heads of the relevant business divisions of the
Company to explain matters to be discussed at the meetings, introduce the strategic goals and the latest development
of the Company to the Shareholders and answer the Shareholders’ inquiries, through which the Company was able to
achieve satisfactory communication with the Shareholders. The internet press conference for the 2019 annual results and
conference call for the publication of the 2020 interim results were held for overcoming the impact of the pandemic. We
invited China Securities Investor Services Center (中證中小投資者服務中心) and small and medium-sized investors to
participate in such conferences and promoted in-depth understanding of the investors on the operations and performance
of the Company. The management of the Company actively communicated with investors, thereby effectively enhancing
the investors’ understanding of the investment values of the Company, comprehensively advertising the advantage of the
Company’s business development and effectively leading the market expectations. In 2020, the Company participated in
the online reception day for investors of listed companies in Shenzhen administrative area to communicate and discuss the
corporate strategy, risk control and financial technology. In addition, investor relations team of the Company maintained
smooth and effective communication with investors and analysts, and timely exchanged views on hot topics in the market
as well as updates in regulatory policies. The Company also ensured the investor hotline access rate, continuously optimized
the function of the mailbox and the Company’s website, timely updated the contents on SSE e-interaction platform, and
replied to investors’ questions to provide investors with a more convenient, quick, timely and comprehensive method to
understand the development of the Company.




                                                                                                                                  Corporate Governance Report
Internal Control
Statement of the Board regarding the responsibility of internal control
The Board is responsible for continuously supervising on the Company’s risk management and internal control systems, and
is responsible for them and for reviewing their effectiveness. The risk management and internal control systems are designed
to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve the business objectives and can only provide reasonable but
not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.


In accordance with the requirements of the corporate internal control standard system, it is the responsibility of the Board of
the Company to establish, improve and effectively implement internal control, assess its effectiveness and truthfully disclose
the assessment report on internal control. The Supervisory Committee oversees the establishment and implementation
of internal control by the Board. The managers are responsible for organizing and steering the day-to-day operation of
corporate internal control.

The goal of the Company’s internal control is to provide a reasonable assurance for the legal compliance of the operation
and management, safety of the assets, truthfulness and completeness of the financial reports and relevant information,
improve operational efficiency and effectiveness so as to facilitate the realization of development strategies. Due to its
inherent limitations, internal control can only provide a reasonable assurance for the achievement of the above objectives.
Moreover, due to changes in circumstances may render the internal control to be inappropriate, or reduce the degree of
compliance with policies and procedures of the internal control, predicting effectiveness of future internal control based on
the assessment results of internal control may involve certain risks.




                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   195
Corporate Governance Report



The Audit Committee of the Board assists the Board in independently reviewing the Company’s financial condition and
the implementation and effects of the internal control system, and reviewing and supervising the results of the Company’s
internal audit work. There were no significant internal control issues found during the relevant review. The Board was of the
view that the existing risk management and internal control systems were effective and sufficient during the year and as of
the disclosure date of the 2020 Annual Results Announcement of the Company.

Procedures for identifying, assessing, and managing significant risks
For the Company’s procedures for identifying, assessing and managing significant risks please refer to the section “Risk
Management” of this report.

Procedures for resolving severe deficiencies in internal control
The Company conducts a self-evaluation of the risk management systems during its annual internal control assessment.
If any defect is found, the Company will formulate a rectification plan to diminish the defect. Risk events and potential
defects that arise in the day-to-day risk management work are effectively managed according to the procedures of risk
management systems. Under its comprehensive risk management system, the Company regularly updates and revises
risk management systems and processes so as to adapt to the changing risk exposures and management requirements.
The Audit Department of the Company inspects the internal controls of each business and issues audit reports, offer
advice for rectification and provides management proposals on issues found during the audit. The Compliance Department
of the Company formulates defect rectification plans in accordance with laws and regulations as well as the regulatory
requirements, and also responsible for the specific implementation of defect rectification work.

Basis of establishment of internal control over the financial report
During the Reporting Period, the Company further established and improved internal control over financial reports
continuously in accordance with requirements of the Basic Norms of Internal Control for Enterprises and its ancillary
guidance, the Guidance for the Internal Control of Securities Companies, the Guidance for the Internal Control of Companies
Listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange and other relevant laws, regulations and rules, after taking into account the specific
situation of the Company.

According to the criteria for determining material weakness, significant deficiency and general deficiency as defined in the
laws and regulations mentioned above, and also considering the factors including its scale, industry-specific features and
risk level, the Company studied and defined the criteria suitable for the specific determination of internal control defects of
the Company and kept it consistent with the criteria of the previous years.

Material weakness refers to one defect or a combination of defects in internal control that may cause the enterprise to
materially deviate from the objectives of internal control. Significant deficiency refers to one defect or a combination of
defects in internal control that with less severity and less severe economic consequences than a material defect, but it may
still cause the enterprise to deviate from the objectives of internal control. General deficiency refers to other defect other
than a material defect or a major defect.


According to the criteria outlined above and based on the findings on routine supervision and special supervision, it is
concluded that the Company had a sound internal control system and mechanism during the Reporting Period. The
Company has effectively implemented its internal control system and mechanism in its work, and no material or major
defects were found in its internal control over the financial report of the Company.




196
Overall view on establishment of the internal control system
The Company has attached great importance to the development of its internal rules and regulations and its management
systems since the Company was established. Since the promulgation of the Basic Norms of Internal Control for Enterprises,
the Guidance for the Internal Control of Securities Companies, and the Guidance for the Internal Control of Companies
Listed on Shanghai Stock Exchange, the Company has further improved its internal control according to the relevant
requirements and made consistent efforts to improve internal control in every aspect of its business development.


In 2011, as a key pilot company under the Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau, the Company, from the prospective of a
listed Company, had duly conducted the pilot regulating on internal control, and appointed the external consulting firms for
assistance, and adopted the best practice and methodology on internal control from the external consulting firm. In 2012,
the Company, from the prospective of a securities company, conducted and successfully completed its internal control
activity in accordance with the Notice on Conducting Internal Control Activities among Securities Companies in Shenzhen
Administrative Area, and further improved its internal control system. Since 2012, with the authorization of the Board of the
Company, the Compliance Department of the Company has led the establishment of the internal control self-assessment
working group of the Company to independently conduct the internal control self-assessment. After years of accumulating
experience, the Company has established a relatively stable system of personnel allocation and responsibilities and
cultivated its internal control self-assessment procedures and mechanism which are in line with the actual situations of the
Company, thereby enabling the assessment results to reﬂect a real and accurate picture of the Company’s internal control.


As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company has established an internal control system in line with its business




                                                                                                                                 Corporate Governance Report
nature, scale and degree of complexity, as well as achieved remarkable results in ensuring the compliance of the Company’s
operations and management, safety of the assets, truthfulness and integrity of the financial reports and relevant information,
and the improvement of business efficiency and effectiveness.


During the Reporting Period, the Company had effectively put in place an internal monitoring and control system, and the
procedures and internal monitoring and control measures for processing and issuing price sensitive information, and clearly
defined the frequency of reviews on internal control and the standards adopted by Directors to appraise the effectiveness of
the internal monitoring and control system.


The Company has established, improved and implemented a set of systems, including the information segregation wall,
the registration system of persons informed of undisclosed information, and the registration system of persons informed of
insider information, according to the regulatory requirements. It effectively prevented the improper use and dissemination of
sensitive information. Meanwhile, the Company disclosed the relevant information in a true, accurate, complete and timely
manner strictly in compliance with the laws, regulations and the Articles of Association, and ensured that all investors have
equal opportunities of promptly accessing the Company’s information.




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   197
Corporate Governance Report



Disclosure of appraisal report on the internal control
As a Company concurrently listed domestically and abroad, the Company has disclosed the 2020 Annual Assessment
Report on Internal Control together with the 2020 Annual Results Announcement of the Company. Pursuant to the
requirements under the Basic Norms of Internal Control for Enterprises and its ancillary guidelines, the Rules No. 21 for
Compilation and Submission of Information Disclosure by Companies that Offer Securities to the Public — General Rules
of Annual Report on Internal Control Evaluation and other relevant laws and regulations, the Company conducted a self-
appraisal on the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company’s internal control as at 31 December 2020. In
respect of the business and matters within the appraisal scope, the Company has established and effectively implemented
an internal control system which has achieved the objectives of the Company’s internal control and without material or
major defects. The Company will disclose the Audit Report of Internal Control at the same time of the 2020 Annual Results
Announcement.


Establishment and implementation of the registration and administration system for persons
informed of inside information
In order to further improve the management system for information disclosures, upon consideration and approval by
the Board, the Registration System for Persons Informed of Inside Information of the Company became effective from
29 September 2009. During the Reporting Period, the Company managed to achieve the due implementation of inside
information management and registration of persons informed of inside information in accordance with the requirements
under the Registration System for Persons Informed of Inside Information. The Company also maintained the relevant
documents for inspection by the Company itself and relevant regulatory authorities, including a true and complete list of
persons informed of inside information in various processes such as reporting, circulation, preparation, audit and disclosure
prior to dissemination of such inside information, as well as the content and timing of such inside information became known
to such persons. During the Reporting Period, the Company was not aware of any non-compliance with the Registration
System for Persons Informed of Inside Information.


In addition, the Company set up the Registration System of Persons Informed of Undisclosed Information from the
perspective of a securities company and established the information reporting mechanism and procedure regarding the
information on persons informed of undisclosed information for various departments/business lines of the Company,
specifying the responsibilities of the management personnel of undisclosed information in the Compliance Department
and each department/business line, administrators of each department/business line and persons informed of undisclosed
information in accordance with the requirements under the Notice Regarding Reinforcement of the Management of Persons
Informed of Undisclosed Information by Securities Companies (Shen Zheng Ju Ji Gou Zi [2010] No. 126) issued by the
Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau. During the Reporting Period, in strict compliance with the Registration System of
Persons Informed of Undisclosed Information, the Company conducted its registration of persons informed of undisclosed
information quarterly, and, within the scope of responsibility of various departments/business lines of the Company,
managed and registered the persons informed of undisclosed information in the course of business.




198
Implementation of the Company’s accountability system for material errors in information disclosure
in the annual report
In order to further improve the Company’s internal control system and reinforce the financial accountability system, the
Board of the Company developed the Accountability System for Material Errors in Information Disclosure in the Annual
Report, and this system became effective on 29 March 2010.


During the Reporting Period, the system had been implemented satisfactorily, and there had been no material accounting
error, material omission of information which needed to be supplemented, or correction on the preliminary announcement on
the Company’s results.


Other matters of report
Establishment of the compliance management system
The Company has established and constantly improved a comprehensive and multi-level organizational structure and
system for compliance management. The compliance management of the Company is led by the Board, supervised by
the Supervisory Committee and implemented by the Compliance Officer and the Compliance Department. The Operating
Management, head and the Compliance Supervisor of each department or business line, perform their duties of compliance
management within their own scope of authorities, respectively. The Company has established and improved a system
with the Compliance Management Provisions as the basic system, and the Staff Compliance Code, Compliance Consulting
and Review System, Compliance Inspecting and Monitoring System, Client Complaints Reporting and Handling System,
Compliance Report System, Compliance Assessment System and Administrative Measures on Contracts, and etc. as the




                                                                                                                            Corporate Governance Report
comprehensive management system, with the Information Segregation Wall System, the Administrative Measures on Anti-
Money Laundering, Employee’s Securities Investment Behavior Management System, Integrity Practices and Investor
Appropriateness Management System, and etc. as the special management system and with the management systems of
various departments and branches as the specific working system. Compliance management has been embedded in the
Company’s ordinary course of operational management.


During the Reporting Period, the Company formulated (revised) 27 basic compliance management systems such as the
System Management Provisions, Information Segregation Wall System, the Regulations on the Management of Employment
Registration of Employees (former known as the Regulations on Management of Employees’ Professional Qualifications),
the Integrity Practices, the Investor Appropriateness Management System, the Client Complaints Reporting and Handling
System, the Marketing Promotion Management System and the Regulations on Corporate Bonds Underwriting Business.
Through the establishment of the systems, the Company further strengthened the standardization of compliant management
work, and the compliance management system has been further improved.


In respect of the informatization of compliance management, the Company further streamlined various requirements for
compliance management, continued to increase resource input, and improved the level of compliance informatization
management. Through informatization construction, the Company effectively prevented various risks arising from, among
other things, information segregation, employee practicing activities, conﬂicts of interests, anti-money laundering, and
abnormal transactions, the capability of compliance management informatization was further improved.


As of the end of the Reporting Period, the Company’s system of compliance management has become increasingly
complete and continues to operate effectively, and the Company’s compliance risk management and control capabilities
have continued to be improved.




                                                                CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   199
Corporate Governance Report



Internal audit
During the Reporting Period, the Audit Department of the Company completed routine audits, resignation audits, special
audits and compulsory resignation audits on general managers of securities outlets for a total of 142 projects among 7
departments/business lines at the headquarter, 109 securities outlets and 3 subsidiaries of the Company. Details of which
are as follows:


The 20 audit projects for the headquarter of the Company: including routine audits on New OTC Business Department,
Research Department, Equity Investment Department, Mergers and Acquisitions Business line of Investment Banking
Management Committee, Alternative Investment Business Line, Unified Customer Contact Center under Wealth
Management Committee; periodic audits on credit extension business, comprehensive risk management, material related
party transactions, transactions with overseas subsidiaries and securities investment fund sales business; special audits on
collective asset management plan, the Company’s write-off of bad debts and rectification of problems identified in auditing;
resignation audits on former Chairman of the Supervisory Committee of the Company, former Board Secretary of the
Company; and resignation examination on 3 investment managers in the asset management business;


The 119 audit projects for the securities outlets: including compulsory resignation audit projects on general managers of
67 securities outlets, resignation audit projects on general managers of 52 securities outlets and 3 audit projects for 3
subsidiaries: including routine audits on Qingdao GoldStone Runhui, CITIC Buyout Fund and special audits on anti-money
laundering of Kington Securities.


Through the audits mentioned above, the Audit Department of the Company evaluated the soundness and effectiveness
of internal control in the audited units, revealing the existing major risks and playing a positive role in increasing awareness
towards risk prevention among departments/business lines, securities outlets and subsidiaries and improving the risk
management of the Company.


The status of the establishment of monitoring and replenishment mechanism of the risk control indicators of the
Company
The Company continues to attach great importance to the supervision indicators. It has established a dynamic monitoring
system of risk control indicators in accordance with the requirements under the Measures for the Administration of the Risk
Control Indicators of Securities Companies, achieving T+1 dynamic monitoring and automatic early warning of risk control
indicators, and setting up the trans-departmental communication & coordination mechanism to ensure the risk control
indicators kept staying within the supervision limit consistently. Meanwhile, by continuously calculating and analyzing risk
control indicators for a period of time in the future, the Company is able to identify risks and make warning in advance, so as
to reasonably arrange the financing activities and usage of funds.


In 2020, the Company’s main risk control indicators remained good with major risk control indicators kept within the
supervision limit. Regarding the several cases of excessing the positions limit in terms of securities centralization, the
Company made a timely report to the regulatory authorities and promptly formulated relevant solution plans. Besides, the
Company also made consistent efforts to improve front-end control and back-end monitoring measures for the Company’s
internal system.


The Company has established the net capital replenishment mechanism to ensure continued compliance of risk control
indicators, such as the net capital, in accordance with the requirements of the relevant regulatory authorities. As at the end
of the Reporting Period, the net capital of the Company was RMB85.902 billion and all types of risk control indicators were
in compliance with the relevant regulatory requirements.

200
Account regulation of the Company
In 2020, the Company continued to strengthen its day-to-day regulation over accounts, implement the real-name based
requirement in opening and holding CSDC accounts, organize on-site inspections on the branches’ businesses of real-name
based accounts, and continue to follow the supplemental record of information for the integrated securities account, and
report on the interest holders’ data and products’ net value, inspect the CSDC accounts, manage account information and
etc. The Company provided special trainings for each branch of the Company, and also improved the process control of
accounts opening through technical means, in order to eliminate the occurrence of opening non-compliance accounts.


As of 31 December 2020, the Company’s wealth management clients had 19,809,946 securities accounts, of which
18,460,332 were qualified securities account, representing 93.19% of the total; 1,298,111 were dormancy securities
accounts, representing 6.55% of the total; 1,912 were unqualified securities accounts, representing 0.01% of the total,
49,591 securities account was frozen by a judicial order, representing 0.25% of the total, and there was no risk disposal
securities account. As of 31 December 2020, the Company’s wealth management clients had 11,355,448 capital accounts,
of which 8,668,158 are qualified capital accounts, representing 76.34% of the total; 2,676,539 were dormancy capital
accounts, representing 23.57% of the total; 10,724 were unqualified capital account, representing 0.09% of the total; 27
were unqualified capital accounts frozen by judicial orders, representing 0.0002% of the total and there was no risk disposal
capital account.


The above account regulation condition is also disclosed in the 2020 Assessment Report on Internal Control of the
Company.




                                                                                                                                Corporate Governance Report
Self-assessment on the Implementation of the Management Measures on Information Disclosure by the Board
During the Reporting Period, the Company managed to disclose information in a manner that is true, accurate and complete
in strict compliance with the laws, regulations, the Articles of Association of the Company and the Management Measures
on Information Disclosure, so as to ensure the timely and fair information disclosure.


In 2020, the Management Measures on Information Disclosure, the Registration System for Persons Informed of Inside
Information, and other relevant policies were effectively implemented. The Company further regulated information disclosure
and improved the management and quality of information disclosure of the Company. At the same time, the Management
Measures on Information Disclosure and other internal systems of the Company clearly specify the reporting, delivery,
reviewing and disclosing procedures for material events of the Company. All these systems were effectively implemented.


External Guarantees
In accordance with relevant rules and requirements of the Notice on the Regulation of Several Issues Concerning the
Capital Movement Between Listed Companies and their Related Parties and the External Guarantees Provided by Listed
Companies (《關於規範上市公司與關聯方資金往來及上市公司對外擔保若干問題的通知》) (Zheng Jian Fa [2003] No. 56),
the independent non-executive Director of the Company, through the understanding and investigation of the Company’s
relevant situation, issued special explanations and independent opinions on the Company’s accumulated and current
guarantees during the Reporting Period based on the information provided by the Company.


There are no overdue debts for the Company




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   201
Independent Auditor’s Report and
Notes to Financial Statements
CONTENTS

                                                                                                        Pages


INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT                                                                             204
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
 Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss                                                                212
 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income                                                          213
 Consolidated Statement of Financial Position                                                            215
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity                                                             217
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows                                                                    219


NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS                                                      221–357




                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report    203
Independent Auditor’s Report


To the Shareholders of CITIC Securities Company Limited
(Incorporated in People’s Republic of China with limited liability)


Opinion
What we have audited
The consolidated financial statements of CITIC Securities Company Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the
“Group”) set out on pages 212 to 357, which comprise:


•     the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 December 2020;


•     the consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year then ended;


•     the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;


•     the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;


•     the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and


•     the notes to the consolidated financial statements, which include a summary of significant accounting policies.


Our opinion
In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the
Group as at 31 December 2020, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for the year
then ended in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRSs”) and have been properly prepared in
compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


Basis for Opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (“ISAs”). Our responsibilities under those
standards are further described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
section of our report.


We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


Independence
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants
(including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants
(“IESBA Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the IESBA Code.




204
Key Audit Matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion
on these matters.


Key audit matters identified in our audit are summarised as follows:


•         Goodwill impairment assessment


•         Valuation of financial instruments held at fair value classified under Level 3 financial instruments


•         Expected credit impairment allowance of Financing Assets


    Key Audit Matter                                                       How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


    Goodwill impairment assessment


    Refer to note 3(20), 4(1) and 21 to the consolidated financial         We    compared        the   key   assumptions   used    by
    statements.                                                            management in preparing the cash flow forecasts of
                                                                           China AMC and CLSA under the VIU approach against
    As at 31 December 2020, the carrying amount of goodwill                the historical figures, the approved budgets and the
    was     RMB10,777      million,   primarily   resulting   from   the   business plans.
    acquisition of China Asset Management Co., Ltd (“China
    AMC”) (RMB7,419 million) and CITIC Securities International            We involved our internal valuation specialist to assess the
    Company Limited’s acquisition of CLSA B.V. (“CLSA”)                    reasonableness of the DCF model, including the growth
    (RMB1,874 million). As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s                rate in the forecast period, terminal growth rate and the
    accumulated impairment of goodwill was RMB949 million.                 discount rate used. Our assessment was based on our
                                                                           knowledge of the business and industry. We also tested
    Goodwill impairment assessment is performed annually. The              the mathematical accuracy of calculations used in the
    impairment assessment relies upon the calculation of the               cash flow forecast.
    recoverable amount for each of the Group’s cash generating
    units (“CGUs”). The recoverable amount of CGUs is the                  Based on the results of our procedures, we found that
    higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in       management’s judgements and assumptions used in
    use (“VIU”). Management considers China AMC and CLSA                   the estimation of China AMC and CLSA’s recoverable
    as separate CGUs.                                                      amounts to be acceptable.


    Management used the VIU approach to assess the
    recoverable amount by applying a discounted cash flow
    (“DCF”) model based on key assumptions and inputs
    including revenue growth rate, terminal growth rate and
    discount rate.




                                                                           CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     205
Independent Auditor’s Report



Key Audit Matter                                               How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


Goodwill impairment assessment (Continued)


Goodwill impairment assessment was a key area of audit
focus due to the significant management judgement involved
in selecting the appropriate key assumptions and inputs
used in the estimation of each CGU’s recoverable amount,
and the amount of any goodwill impairment that may be
required.


Valuation of financial instruments held at fair value
classified under Level 3 Financial Instruments


Refer to note 3(3)(c), 4(3) and 57 to the consolidated         We evaluated the design and tested the operating
financial statements.                                          effectiveness of the Group’s controls over data inputs
                                                               to the valuation models and the ongoing monitoring and
As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s financial instruments      optimization of the models.
included those classified under Level 3 in the fair value
hierarchy (“Level 3 Financial Instruments”), which were        We evaluated the appropriateness of the models used
measured using valuation techniques that involve significant   by management for the valuation of Level 3 Financial
inputs that were not based on observable market data           Instruments by using our knowledge of those used in
(“unobservable inputs”). Such inputs included liquidity        current industry practice.
discounts, volatility, risk adjusted discount rate and price
to book ratios, etc. The amounts of Level 3 financial          We also evaluated on a sample basis the reasonableness
assets and financial liabilities as at 31 December 2020 of     and appropriateness of the unobservable and observable
RMB33,878 million and RMB32,432 million, respectively.         inputs used for measuring the fair value of Level 3
                                                               Financial Instruments with reference to relevant market
Valuation of the Level 3 Financial Instruments was a key       data.
area of audit focus due to the size of their amounts and
the selection of unobservable inputs used in the valuation     We performed an independent valuation and sensitivity
process which involved significant judgement.                  analysis of the Level 3 Financial Instruments on a sample
                                                               basis.


                                                               Based on the results of our procedures performed
                                                               above, we found the models used and inputs adopted by
                                                               management acceptable.




206
Key Audit Matter                                                    How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


Expected credit impairment allowance of Financing
Assets


Refer to note 3(3)(e), 4(5), 13, 30, 33 and 58(a) to the            We evaluated and tested the Group’s internal controls
consolidated financial statements.                                  relating to the measurement of ECL for Financing Assets
                                                                    which included:
As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s financial assets
arising from financing businesses included margin accounts,         (1)   Governance      over     ECL     models,    including   the
stock     repo   and   stock-pledged     repo   under    reverse          selection     and       approval     of    methodologies
repurchase agreements (“Financing Assets”). This comprised                and model; and the ongoing monitoring and
margin accounts and repo of RMB118,275 million and                        optimization of such models;
RMB31,724 million; with credit impairment loss allowances
of RMB1,534 million and RMB8,039 million, respectively;             (2)   Review and approval of significant management
                                                                          judgements and assumptions, including: i) the
The credit loss allowances as at 31 December 2020 for                     criteria for SICR; ii) the definition of default and
Financing Assets represented management’s best estimates                  credit-impairment; and iii) the use of economic
of the expected credit losses (“ECL”) in accordance with                  variables and relative weighting for forward-looking
International Financial Reporting Standard 9: “Financial                  scenarios;
Instruments”.
                                                                    (3)   Internal     controls     over     the     accuracy     and
Management applied a three-stage impairment model                         completeness of key inputs used by the models.
to calculate the ECL. For Financing Assets classified
under Stages 1 and 2, management assessed credit loss               In addition, we also performed the following procedures:
allowances using the risk parameter modelling approach that
incorporated key parameters, including exposure at default          (1)   We examined the ECL modelling methodologies
and loss rate after taking into consideration forward looking             and assessed their reasonableness. We also
factors. For credit-impaired Financing Assets classified under            evaluated whether the underlying coding for the
Stage 3, management assessed the credit loss allowance                    models reflected the methodologies established by
by estimating the future cash flows after taking into                     management;
consideration forward looking factors.
                                                                    (2)   We examined the application of the SICR criteria
Management       assesses    whether   objective   evidence   of          and credit impairment definition by testing the
impairment existed for Financing Assets at each reporting                 collateral to financing assets ratio and the backstop
date. The measurement model for ECL involves significant                  past due days defined by management;
management       judgments     and     assumptions,     primarily
including:                                                          (3)   For forward-looking scenarios, we examined the
                                                                          basis of determining of the economic variables,
(1)     Selection of the appropriate models and assumptions;              number of scenarios and relative weightings;
                                                                          assessed the reasonableness of the economic
                                                                          variables forecasted under the different scenarios;
                                                                          and performed sensitivity analysis on economic
                                                                          indicators and relative weightings;


                                                                     CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report          207
Independent Auditor’s Report



Key Audit Matter                                                  How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter


Expected credit impairment allowance of Financing
Assets (Continued)


(2)   Determination of the criteria for significant increase      (4)   We examined major data inputs to the ECL models
      in credit risk (“SICR”), definition of default and credit         for selected samples, including exposure at default
      impairment;                                                       and loss rate after taking into consideration forward
                                                                        looking factors;
(3)   Projection of macroeconomic variables for forward-
      looking scenarios and probability weightings.               (5)   For credit-impaired assets under Stage 3, we
                                                                        tested, on a sample basis, the credit loss allowance
The Group has established governance processes and                      computed by management with reference to
controls over the measurement of ECL.                                   financial information of borrowers and guarantors,
                                                                        and the latest collateral valuations, as appropriate.
ECL assessment of Financing Assets was considered to be a
key area of audit focus due to the size of the balance and the    Based on the audit procedures performed, in the
significant management judgements involved.                       context of the inherent uncertainties associated with the
                                                                  measurement of ECL, we considered the models, key
                                                                  parameters, significant judgements and assumptions
                                                                  adopted by management and the measurement results to
                                                                  be acceptable.




208
Other Information
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all of the
information included in the annual report other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form
of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and,
in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial statements or
our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.


If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we
are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


Responsibilities of Directors and Those Charged with Governance for the Consolidated
Financial Statements
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true
and fair view in accordance with IFRSs and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for
such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements
that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue
as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of
accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic alternative
but to do so.


Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.


Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole are free
from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. We
report our opinion solely to you, as a body, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not
a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists.
Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could
reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial
statements.




                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   209
Independent Auditor’s Report



As part of an audit in accordance with ISAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional scepticism
throughout the audit. We also:


•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to fraud
      or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient
      and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting
      from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
      misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
      appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s
      internal control.


•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and related
      disclosures made by the directors.


•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on the
      audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast significant
      doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are
      required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or,
      if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained
      up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue
      as a going concern.


•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
      disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events in a
      manner that achieves fair presentation.


•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
      within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction,
      supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our audit.


We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be thought
to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.




210
From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about the
matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report
because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Leung Wai Kin.




PricewaterhouseCoopers
Certified Public Accountants


Hong Kong, 18 March 2021




                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   211
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
For the year ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                            Notes               2020         2019


 Revenue
   Fee and commission income                                                               31,816,338   21,515,042
   Interest income                                                             7           15,527,763   13,257,056
   Investment income                                                           8           17,906,659   15,891,370

                                                                                           65,250,760   50,663,468
 Income from bulk commodity trading                                                         6,080,845    5,516,016
 Other income                                                                  9              537,280      900,878

 Total revenue and other income                                                            71,868,885   57,080,362

 Fee and commission expenses                                                  10            5,052,291    3,492,863
 Interest expenses                                                            10           12,940,797   11,212,466
 Staff costs                                                                  10           14,737,560   12,441,448
 Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                                380,837      378,562
 Tax and surcharges                                                                           398,254      292,697
 Cost from bulk commodity trading                                                           5,737,462    5,377,495
 Other operating expenses                                                     10            5,661,245    5,100,920
 Expected credit losses                                                       13            6,580,657    1,891,580
 Impairment losses on other assets                                            14              495,081      698,816

 Total operating expenses                                                                  51,984,184   40,886,847

 Operating profit                                                                          19,884,701   16,193,515

 Share of profits and losses of:
   Associates                                                                                591,939      792,777
   Joint ventures                                                                             (6,182)       8,344

 Profit before income tax                                                                  20,470,458   16,994,636

 Income tax expense                                                           15            4,953,917    4,346,200

 Profit for the year                                                                       15,516,541   12,648,436

 Attributable to:
   Owners of the Parent                                                                    14,902,324   12,228,610
   Non-controlling interests                                                                  614,217      419,826

                                                                                           15,516,541   12,648,436

 Earnings per share attributable to Owners of the Parent (in RMB yuan)
   — Basic                                                                    18                 1.16         1.01

    — Diluted                                                                 18                 1.16         1.01


The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.



212
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                                   2020                2019


 Profit for the year                                                                        15,516,541        12,648,436


 Other comprehensive income


 Other comprehensive income that may be reclassified to profit or loss
   in subsequent periods


 Net (losses)/gain on investments in debt instruments measured at fair value
   through other comprehensive income                                                           (89,275)         164,748
 Net (gain)/losses on debt instruments measured at fair value through other
   comprehensive income reclassified to profit or loss on disposal                               93,139           (25,049)
 Income tax relating to these items                                                              22,145           (41,187)


                                                                                                 26,009            98,512


 Share of other comprehensive income of associates and joint ventures                            (8,001)               5,998
 Exchange differences on translation of foreign operations                                     (952,047)         234,747
 Other                                                                                            9,752           (26,008)


                                                                                               (924,287)         313,249




                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     213
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
For the year ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                                2020          2019


 Other comprehensive income that will not be reclassified to profit or loss
   in subsequent periods


 Net gains on investments in equity instruments designated as at fair value
   through other comprehensive income                                                        348,208       741,454
 Income tax relating to these items                                                           (91,542)     (194,134)


                                                                                             256,666       547,320


 Share of other comprehensive income of associates and joint ventures                           1,948       13,119
 Other                                                                                         (2,569)        1,041


                                                                                             256,045       561,480


 Other comprehensive income for the year, net of tax                                         (668,242)     874,729


 Total comprehensive income for the year                                                   14,848,299    13,523,165


 Attributable to:
   Owners of the Parent                                                                    14,264,790    13,001,196
   Non-controlling interests                                                                 583,509       521,969


                                                                                           14,848,299    13,523,165


The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




214
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
At 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                                31 December
                                                                            Notes                2020                 2019

 Non-current assets

 Property, plant and equipment                                                19            7,530,641         7,761,756
 Investment properties                                                        20            1,060,211         1,254,733
 Goodwill                                                                     21           10,776,698        10,022,824
 Land-use rights and intangible assets                                        22            2,855,003         3,072,628
 Investments in associates                                                    24            8,818,599         8,925,954
 Investments in joint ventures                                                24               57,983            75,129
 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income            25           16,635,501        16,279,369
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                        31           35,847,395        26,201,794
 Refundable deposits                                                          26            3,877,774         1,459,937
 Deferred income tax assets                                                   27            9,661,920         5,241,489
 Right-of-use assets                                                          28            1,765,774         1,600,885
 Other non-current assets                                                     29            2,404,506         2,186,789

 Total non-current assets                                                                 101,292,005        84,083,287

 Current assets

 Fee and commission receivables                                                             2,205,781         1,712,168
 Margin accounts                                                              30          116,741,432        70,673,845
 Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income            25           49,400,900        23,684,063
 Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                        31          384,133,465       329,146,513
 Derivative financial assets                                                  32           20,157,990         7,351,073
 Reverse repurchase agreements                                                33           39,226,613        58,830,053
 Assets held for sale                                                                              —            194,678
 Other current assets                                                         34           49,176,843        33,202,905
 Cash held on behalf of customers                                             35          199,517,577       118,401,385
 Cash and bank balances                                                       36           91,109,688        64,442,459

 Total current assets                                                                     951,670,289       707,639,142

 Current liabilities

 Customer brokerage deposits                                                  37          203,110,588       123,351,754
 Derivative financial liabilities                                             32           46,876,206        13,991,750
 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                   38           40,895,212        44,317,791
 Repurchase agreements                                                        39          198,299,400       174,447,893
 Due to banks and other financial institutions                                40           10,504,115        33,136,195
 Taxes payable                                                                41            7,381,981         2,884,805
 Short-term loans                                                             42            5,010,371         7,404,905
 Short-term financing instruments payable                                     43           11,941,871        20,137,293
 Lease liabilities                                                            44              494,209           463,904
 Other current liabilities                                                    45          185,861,191        97,606,548

 Total current liabilities                                                                710,375,144       517,742,838

 Net current assets                                                                       241,295,145       189,896,304

 Total assets less current liabilities                                                    342,587,150       273,979,591


                                                                CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report    215
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
At 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                                31 December
                                                                             Notes               2020              2019


 Non-current liabilities


 Debt instruments issued                                                      46           132,651,021        89,420,833
 Deferred income tax liabilities                                              27             3,176,192         2,843,995
 Long-term loans                                                              47              573,942           383,334
 Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                   38            17,513,532        13,399,208
 Lease liabilities                                                            44             1,211,526         1,102,999
 Other non-current liabilities                                                48             1,578,201         1,379,430


 Total non-current liabilities                                                             156,704,414       108,529,799


 Net assets                                                                                185,882,736       165,449,792


 Equity


 Equity attributable to Owners of the Parent
    Issued share capital                                                      49            12,926,776        12,116,908
    Reserves                                                                  50           104,018,309        89,404,254
    Retained earnings                                                                       64,766,984        60,104,047


                                                                                           181,712,069       161,625,209
 Non-controlling interests                                                                   4,170,667         3,824,583


 Total equity                                                                              185,882,736       165,449,792


The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.


Approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 18 March 2021.




ZHANG Youjun                                                              YANG Minghui
Chairman                                                                  Executive Director and President




216
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)



                                                                  Attributable to owners of the Parent
                                                                         Reserves
                                                                                                    Foreign
                                                                                     Investment    currency                                 Non-
                                          Share     Capital    Surplus     General revaluation translation     Retained                controlling
                              Notes      capital    reserve   reserves    reserves      reserve     reserve    earnings    Subtotal      interests      Total


At 1 January 2020                     12,116,908 54,155,556   8,682,886 25,614,987      185,358     765,467 60,104,047 161,625,209      3,824,583 165,449,792
Profit for the year                          —           —          —            —           —           — 14,902,324 14,902,324          614,217 15,516,541
Other comprehensive
  income for the period                      —           —          —            —      283,805    (921,339)         —     (637,534)      (30,708)   (668,242)


Total comprehensive
  income for the year                        —           —          —            —      283,805    (921,339) 14,902,324 14,264,790        583,509 14,848,299


Dividend — 2019                17            —           —          —            —           —           — (6,463,388) (6,463,388)             — (6,463,388)
Appropriation to surplus
  reserves                                   —           —     755,594           —           —           —     (755,594)         —             —           —
Appropriation to general
  reserves                                   —           —          —    3,019,733           —           — (3,019,733)           —             —           —
Capital increase/(decrease)
  by equity holders
  — Capital increase by
   equity holders                       809,868 11,357,362          —            —           —           —           — 12,167,230         (63,857) 12,103,373
  — Others                                   —      118,900         —            —           —           —         (672)   118,228         23,624    141,852
Dividends to
  non-controlling interests                  —           —          —            —           —           —           —           —       (197,192)   (197,192)


At 31 December 2020                   12,926,776 65,631,818   9,438,480 28,634,720      469,163    (155,872) 64,766,984 181,712,069 4,170,667 185,882,736




                                                                                CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report                     217
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
For the year ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                         Attributable to owners of the Parent
                                                                               Reserves
                                                                                                                 Foreign
                                                                                            Investment          currency                                Non-
                                             Share      Capital      Surplus      General    revaluation   translation     Retained                controlling
                                 Notes       capital    reserve     reserves     reserves       reserve          reserve   earnings    Subtotal     interests       Total


At 1 January 2019                        12,116,908 54,426,233     8,410,205 22,811,407       (454,624)         632,863 55,197,777 153,140,769     3,690,727 156,831,496
Profit for the year                              —           —           —             —             —               — 12,228,610 12,228,610         419,826 12,648,436
Other comprehensive
  income for the year                            —           —           —             —       639,982          132,604          —     772,586       102,143     874,729


Total comprehensive
  income for the year                            —           —           —             —       639,982          132,604 12,228,610 13,001,196        521,969 13,523,165


Dividend — 2018                   17             —           —           —             —             —               — (4,240,918) (4,240,918)             — (4,240,918)
Appropriation to surplus
  reserves                                       —           —      272,681            —             —               —     (272,681)         —             —           —
Appropriation to general
  reserves                                       —           —           —     2,803,580             —               — (2,803,580)           —             —           —
Capital increase/(decrease) by
  equity holders
  — Others                                       —     (270,677)         —             —             —               —       (5,161)   (275,838)    (200,049)    (475,887)
Dividends to
  non-controlling interests                      —           —           —             —             —               —           —           —      (188,064)    (188,064)


At 31 December 2019                      12,116,908 54,155,556     8,682,886 25,614,987        185,358          765,467 60,104,047 161,625,209     3,824,583 165,449,792


The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




218
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                                                     2020                2019


 Cash flows from operating activities
   Profit before income tax                                                                   20,470,458        16,994,636
   Adjustments for:
    Financing interest expense                                                                 5,910,997         6,417,900
    Share of profits and losses of associates and joint ventures                                 (585,756)         (801,121)
   Interest income from debt instruments at fair value through other
        comprehensive income                                                                   (1,138,889)       (2,050,296)
   Net gains on disposal of debt instruments at fair value
        through other comprehensive income                                                       (216,476)         (259,572)
    Net gains on disposal of property, plant and equipment and other assets                    1,188,146                  783
    Gains on disposal of associates , joint ventures and subsidiaries                             (57,615)         (493,821)
   Fair value gains on financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value
        through profit or loss                                                                 6,391,105         2,055,398
   Depreciation                                                                                1,210,803         1,146,313
   Amortisation                                                                                  396,554           392,085
    Expected credit losses                                                                     6,580,657         1,891,580
    Impairment on other assets                                                                   495,081           698,816


                                                                                              40,645,065        25,992,701


 Net (increase)/decrease in operating assets
   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                     (49,373,686)      (94,764,699)
   Cash held on behalf of customers                                                          (81,116,192)      (25,980,414)
   Other assets                                                                              (91,032,357)          202,577


                                                                                            (221,522,235)     (120,542,536)


 Net increase/(decrease) in operating liabilities
   Customer brokerage deposits                                                                74,483,275        25,442,481
   Repurchase agreements                                                                      23,851,507        52,778,866
   Other liabilities                                                                         107,744,520        17,069,330


                                                                                             206,079,302        95,290,677


 Net cash inflow from operating activities before tax                                         25,202,132           740,842
   Income tax paid                                                                             (4,493,292)       (4,744,887)


 Net cash inflow from operating activities                                                    20,708,840         (4,004,045)




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report    219
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
For the year ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




                                                                             Notes                2020            2019


 Cash flows from investing activities
  Net cash flow from purchases and sales of items of property,
      plant and equipment and other assets                                                     (609,264)       (422,701)
   Net cash flow from disposal of subsidiaries                               23(c)                9,653         (78,523)
   Net cash flow from acquisition of subsidiaries                            23(d)          13,731,881               —
   Net cash flow from investments in associates and joint ventures                             513,112          27,582
   Net cash flow of financial assets at fair value through other
   comprehensive income                                                                     (21,900,730)    16,721,168
   Net cash flow from other investing activities                                              1,395,777              —


 Net cash (outflow)/inflow from investing activities                                         (6,859,571)    16,247,526


 Cash flows from financing activities
   Capital contribution from non-controlling interests                                               —               —
   Cash inflows from borrowing activities                                                   33,484,108      15,408,411
   Cash inflows from issuing bonds                                                         223,715,020     102,389,150
   Payment of debts                                                                        (227,022,882)   (106,666,041)
   Dividends and interest expense                                                           (13,918,584)    (10,321,724)
   Other cash outflows from financing activities                                             (4,259,185)       (968,577)


 Net cash outflow from financing activities                                                 11,998,477         (158,781)


 Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                  25,847,746      12,084,700
   Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                   59,421,482      47,575,304
   Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents                              (1,930,050)       (238,522)


 Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                             51            83,339,178      59,421,482


The accompanying notes form an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




220
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)



1     CORPORATE INFORMATION
      CITIC Securities Company Limited (the “Company”) was established in Beijing, the People’s Republic of China (the
      “PRC” or “Mainland China”, which excludes for the purpose of these consolidated financial statements, the Hong
      Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC or “Hong Kong”, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC
      or “Macau”, and Taiwan) on 25 October 1995. Pursuant to approval by the China Securities Regulatory Commission
      (the “CSRC”), the Company was restructured as a joint stock limited company in 1999. The unified social credit code
      of the Company for its business license is 914403001017814402. The Company’s common stock was listed on
      the Shanghai Stock Exchange and The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited in 2003 and 2011, respectively. The
      registered office of the Company is located at North Tower, Excellence Times Plaza II, No. 8 Zhongxin San Road,
      Futian District, Shenzhen, Guangdong Province, the PRC.


      According to a resolution relating to the issue and listing of H Shares in Hong Kong passed in the first extraordinary
      general meeting of shareholders in 2011, along with the “Approval of Issue of Overseas-Listed Foreign Shares
      of CITIC Securities” (CSRC [2011] No. 1366) issued by the CSRC, the Company conducted its initial public
      offering of Overseas-Listed Foreign Shares (“H shares”) from September to October 2011. Under this offering,
      the Company offered a total of 1,071,207,000 H shares (including over-allotment of 75,907,000 H shares) with a
      nominal value of RMB1.00 per share. As at 31 December 2011, the total share capital of the Company increased to
      RMB11,016,908,400.00. The capital increase has been verified by Ernst & Young Hua Ming according to the capital
      verification report of Ernst & Young Hua Ming Yan Zi (2011) 60469435_A09.


      According to a resolution relating to the additional issuance and listing of H shares in Hong Kong passed in the first
      extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders in 2015, along with the “Approval of Issue of Overseas-Listed
      Foreign Shares of CITIC Securities the Approval relating to Additional Issuance of Overseas-Listed Foreign Shares
      of CITIC Securities Company Limited (CSRC [2015] No. 936)” issued by the CSRC, on 23 June 2015, the Company
      completed its additional issuance and listing of H shares in Hong Kong. Under this offering, the Company offered
      a total of 1,100,000,000 H shares with an offering price of HKD24.60 per share. As at 31 December 2015, the
      total share capital of the Company increased to RMB12,116,908,400.00. The capital increase has been verified by
      PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian Yan Zi (2015) No. 748.


      The Company (also referred to as the “Parent”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) conduct in
      the following principal activities:


      •     Securities and futures brokerage;
      •     Securities investment fund distribution and introducing brokerage business for futures companies;
      •     Agency sale of financial products;
      •     Securities underwriting and sponsorship;
      •     Investment advisory and consultancy services;
      •     Proprietary securities activities;
      •     Asset management and fund management;
      •     Margin financing and securities lending; and
      •     Stock option market-making.




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   221
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




2     BASIS OF PREPARATION
      These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting
      Standards (“IFRSs”), as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (“IASB”). In addition, the consolidated
      financial statements include applicable disclosures required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the
      Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap. 622) for this financial year
      and the comparative period.


      These consolidated financial statements have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for
      derivative financial instruments, financial assets/liabilities at fair value through profit or loss, financial assets at fair value
      through other comprehensive income, which have been measured at fair value, as further explained in the respective
      accounting policies below. These financial statements are presented in RMB and all values are rounded to the nearest
      thousand except when otherwise indicated.


      Relevant standards and amendments effective in 2020 and adopted by the Group:


      (1)   Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8                      The Definition of Material
      (2)   Amendments to IFRS 3                               The Definition of A Business

      (1)   Amendments to IAS 1 and IAS 8: The Definition of material
            The IASB issued amendments to the definition of material in IAS 1 and IAS 8. The amended definition is:
            “Information is material if omitting, misstating or obscuring it could reasonably be expected to influence decisions
            that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make on the basis of those financial statements,
            which provide financial information about a specific reporting entity.”


            The amendment clarifies that the reference to obscuring information addresses situations in which the effect is
            similar to omitting or misstating that information. It also states that an entity assesses materiality in the context
            of the financial statements as a whole. The amendment also clarifies the meaning of ‘primary users of general
            purpose financial statements’ to whom those financial statements are directed, by defining them as ‘existing and
            potential investors, lenders and other creditors’ that must rely on general purpose financial statements for much
            of the financial information they need.


      (2)   Amendments to IFRS 3: The Definition of A Business
            The IASB issued amendments to the definition of a business in IFRS 3. To be considered a business, an
            acquisition would have to include an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to
            the ability to create outputs. The definition of the term “outputs” is narrowed to focus on goods and services
            provided to customers, generating investment income and other income, and it excludes returns in the form of
            lower costs and other economic benefits.


            There were no significant impacts from amendments above on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.




222
2   BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
    2.2 Standards and amendments issued but not yet effective and not adopted by the Group
        The Group has not adopted the following new and amended standards that have been issued but are not yet
        effective.

                                                                                             Effective for annual periods
                                                                                                    beginning on or after

         (1)    IFRS 17                   Insurance Contracts                                               1 January 2022
         (2)    Amendments to IFRS 10 Sale or Contribution of Assets between An                     The amendments were
                     and IAS 28              Investor and Its Associate or Joint Venture           originally intended to be
                                                                                                effective for annual periods
                                                                                            beginning on or after 1 January
                                                                                               2016. The effective date has
                                                                                                  now been deferred. Early
                                                                                              adoption of the amendments
                                                                                                   continue to be permitted
         (3)    Amendments to IAS 1       Classification of liabilities                                     1 January 2022
         (4)    Amendments to IFRS 3      Business Combinations                                             1 January 2022
         (5)    Amendments to IAS16       Property, Plant and Equipment                                     1 January 2022
         (6)    Amendments to IAS 37      Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and                            1 January 2022
                                             Contingent Assets

        (1)    IFRS 17: Insurance Contracts
               IFRS 17 was issued in May 2017 as replacement for IFRS 4 Insurance Contracts. It requires a current
               measurement model where estimates are re-measured each reporting period. Contracts are measured
               using the building blocks of: discounted probability-weighted cash flows, an explicit risk adjustment, and a
               contractual service margin (“CSM”) representing the unearned profit of the contract which is recognized as
               revenue over the coverage period. The new rules will affect the financial statements and key performance
               indicators of all entities that issue insurance contracts or investment contracts with discretionary
               participation features. The Group anticipates that the adoption of this standard will not have any impact on
               the Group’s consolidated financial statements.


        (2)    Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28: Sale or Contribution of Assets between An Investor and Its
               Associate or Joint Venture
               These amendments address an inconsistency between IFRS 10 and IAS 28 in the sale and contribution
               of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture. A full gain or loss is recognized when a
               transaction involves a business. A partial gain or loss is recognized when a transaction involves assets
               that do not constitute a business, even if those assets are in a subsidiary. The Group anticipates that the
               adoption of these amendments will not have a significant impact on the Group’s consolidated financial
               statements.




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   223
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




2     BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
      2.2 Standards and amendments issued but not yet effective and not adopted by the Group
            (Continued)
            (3)   Amendments to IAS 1: Classification of liabilities
                  These narrow-scope amendments to IAS 1, ‘Presentation of financial statements’, clarify that liabilities are
                  classified as either current or non-current, depending on the rights that exist at the end of the reporting
                  period. Liabilities are classified as non-current if the entity has a substantive right to defer settlement for at
                  least 12 months at the end of the reporting period. The entity should assess the existence of the right on
                  the reporting date, whether the right will be enforced is out of consideration. The right to defer only exists
                  if the entity complies with any relevant conditions at the reporting date. A liability is classified as current if
                  a condition is breached at or before the reporting date and a waiver is obtained after the reporting date. A
                  loan is classified as non-current if a covenant is breached after the reporting date. The Group anticipates
                  that the adoption of the amendments will not have a significant impact on the Group’s consolidated
                  financial statements.


            (4)   Amendments to IFRS 3: Business Combinations
                  Amendments to IFRS 3: ‘Business combinations’ update a reference in IFRS 3 to the Conceptual
                  Framework for Financial Reporting without changing the accounting requirements for business
                  combinations. The Group anticipates that the adoption of the amendments will not have a significant
                  impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.


            (5)   Amendments to IAS 16: Property, Plant and Equipment
                  Amendments to IAS 16, ‘Property, plant and equipment’ prohibit a company from deducting from the
                  cost of property, plant and equipment amounts received from selling items produced while the company
                  is preparing the asset for its intended use. Instead, a company will recognise such sales proceeds and
                  related cost in profit or loss. The Group anticipates that the adoption of the amendments will not have a
                  significant impact on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.


            (6)   Amendments to IAS 37: Provisions, Contingent Liabilities and Contingent Assets
                  Amendments to IAS 37, ‘Provisions, contingent liabilities and contingent assets’ specify which costs a
                  company includes when assessing whether a contract will be loss-making. The Group anticipates that
                  the adoption of the amendments will not have a significant impact on the Group’s consolidated financial
                  statements.




224
2   BASIS OF PREPARATION (Continued)
    Basis of consolidation
    The consolidated financial statements comprise the financial statements of the Company and entities (including
    structured entities) controlled by the Company and its subsidiaries for the year ended 31 December 2020. The
    financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the Company (also referred to as
    the “Parent”), using consistent accounting policies.


    The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date of acquisition, being the date on which the Group obtains
    control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases. All intra-group balances, transactions,
    unrealised gains and losses resulting from intra-group transactions and dividends are eliminated on consolidation in
    full.


    Total comprehensive income within a subsidiary is attributed to the non-controlling interest even if that results in a
    deficit balance. A change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an
    equity transaction. If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it:


    (a)     derecognises the assets (including goodwill) and liabilities of the subsidiary;


    (b)     derecognises the carrying amount of any non-controlling interest;


    (c)     derecognises the cumulative translation differences recorded in equity;


    (d)     recognises the fair value of the consideration received;


    (e)     recognises the fair value of any investment retained;


    (f)     recognises any resulting surplus or deficit in profit or loss; and


    (g)     reclassifies the Group’s share of components previously recognised in other comprehensive income (OCI) to
            profit or loss.


    Non-controlling interests represent the portion of profit or loss and net assets in subsidiaries not held by the Group
    and are presented separately in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and within equity in the consolidated
    statement of financial position separately from the equity attributable to owners of the Parent. An acquisition of non-
    controlling interests is accounted for as an equity transaction.




                                                                       CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   225
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      (1)   Cash and cash equivalents
            Cash and cash equivalents are short term, highly liquid assets, which are readily convertible into known amounts
            of cash and are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.


            Cash and cash equivalents include cash and assets with original maturity of three months or less under cash and
            bank balances.


      (2)   Foreign currency transactions and foreign currency translation
            The financial statements are presented in RMB, which is the Company’s functional and presentation currency.
            The recording currency of the Company’s subsidiaries is determined based on the primary economic
            environment in which they operate. The financial statements are presented in RMB.


            Foreign currency transactions recorded by the entities in the Group are initially recorded using their respective
            functional currency rates ruling at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in
            foreign currencies are retranslated at the prevailing functional currency exchange rates at the end of the reporting
            period. All differences are taken to the statement of profit or loss. Non-monetary items denominated in foreign
            currencies that are measured at historical costs are translated at the balance sheet date using the spot exchange
            rates at the date of the transactions.


            For the purposes of presenting the consolidated financial statements, the assets and liabilities of the Group’s
            overseas operations are translated into the presentation currency of the Group at the rate of exchange prevailing
            at the end of the reporting period, and their income and expenses are translated at exchange rates that
            approximate the exchange rates of the date of the transaction. The exchange differences resulting from foreign
            currency financial statement translation of subsidiaries are recognised in OCI and accumulated in the foreign
            exchange translation reserve. The cash flows of overseas operations are translated at the spot exchange rates
            on the dates of the cash flows.


            The effect of exchange rate changes on cash is presented separately in the cash flow statement.


      (3)   Financial instruments
            (a)   Initial recognition, classification and measurement of financial instruments
                  Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized when the Group becomes a party to the contractual
                  provisions of the instrument. Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognized on trade-
                  date, the date on which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.


                  At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset or financial liability at its fair value, in the case of
                  a financial asset or financial liability not at fair value through profit or loss, plus or minus transaction costs
                  that are incremental and directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of the financial asset or financial
                  liability. Transaction costs of financial assets and financial liabilities carried at fair value through profit or loss
                  are expensed in profit or loss.




226
3   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (3)   Financial instruments (Continued)
          (a)   Initial recognition, classification and measurement of financial instruments (Continued)
                Financial assets
                Financial assets are classified on the basis of the Group’s business model for managing the asset and the
                cash flow characteristics of the assets:


                (i)     Amortized cost;


                (ii)    Fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”); or


                (iii)   Fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”).


                Business model reflects how the Group manages the assets in order to generate cash flows. That is,
                whether the Group’s objective is solely to collect the contractual cash flows from the assets or is to
                collect both the contractual cash flows and cash flows arising from the sale of assets. If neither of these
                is applicable (e.g. financial assets are held for trading purposes), then the financial assets are classified as
                part of “other” business model and measured at FVPL. Factors considered by the Group in determining the
                business model for a group of assets include past experience on how the cash flows for these assets were
                collected, how the asset’s performance is evaluated and reported to key management personnel, how risks
                are assessed and managed and how managers are compensated.


                Where the business model is to hold assets to collect contractual cash flows or to collect contractual cash
                flows and sell, the Group assesses whether the financial instruments’ cash flows represent solely payments
                of principal and interest (“SPPI”). In making this assessment, the Group considers whether the contractual
                cash flows are consistent with a basic lending arrangement. i.e. interest includes only consideration for
                the time value of money, credit risk, other basic lending risks and a profit margin that is consistent with
                a basic lending arrangement. Where the contractual terms introduce exposure to risk or volatility that are
                inconsistent with a basic lending arrangement, the related financial asset is classified and measured at fair
                value through profit or loss.


                Financial assets with embedded derivatives are considered in their entirety when determine whether their
                cash flows are SPPI.


                The classification requirements for debt instruments and equity instruments are described as below:


                Debt Instruments
                Debt instruments are those instruments that meet the definition of a financial liability from the issuer’s
                perspective. Classification and subsequent measurement of debt instruments depend on: (i) the Group’s
                business model for managing the asset; and (ii) the cash flow characteristics of asset.




                                                                      CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   227
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (3)   Financial instruments (Continued)
            (a)   Initial recognition, classification and measurement of financial instruments (Continued)
                  Debt Instruments (Continued)
                  Based on these factors, the Group classifies its debt instruments into one of the following three
                  measurement categories:


                  (i)     Amortized cost: Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows
                          represent SPPI, and that are not designated at FVPL, are measured at amortized cost.


                  (ii)    FVOCI: Financial assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows and for selling the
                          assets, where the assets’ cash flows represent SPPI, and that are not designated at FVPL, are
                          measured at FVOCI.


                  (iii)   FVPL: Assets that do not meet the criteria for amortized cost or FVOCI are measured at FVPL.


                  The Group may also irrevocably designate financial assets at FVPL if doing so significantly reduces or
                  eliminates a mismatch created by assets and liabilities being measured on different bases.


                  Equity instruments
                  Equity instruments are instruments that meet the definition of equity from the issuer’s perspective; that is,
                  instruments that do not contain a contractual obligation to pay and that evidence a residual interest in the
                  issuer’s net assets. Examples of equity instruments include basic ordinary shares.


                  The Group subsequently measures all equity investments at FVPL, except where the Group’s management
                  has elected, at initial recognition, to irrevocably designate an equity investment at FVOCI.


                  Financial liabilities
                  Financial liabilities are classified as subsequently measured at amortized cost, except for financial liabilities
                  at FVPL, which is applied to derivatives, financial liabilities held for trading (e.g. short positions in the trading
                  books) and other financial liabilities designated as such at initial recognition.


                  Contingent consideration recognised by an acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 applies.
                  Such contingent consideration shall subsequently be measured at fair value with changes recognised in
                  profit or loss.


                  An entity may, at initial recognition, irrevocably designate a financial liability as measured at fair value
                  through profit or loss: (i) it eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency
                  (sometimes referred to as ‘an accounting mismatch’); (ii) a group of financial liabilities or financial assets
                  and financial liabilities is managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance
                  with a documented risk management or investment strategy, and information about the group is provided
                  internally on that basis to the entity’s key management personnel.




228
3   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (3)   Financial instruments (Continued)
          (b)   Reclassification of financial assets
                When the Group changes the business model for managing its financial assets, it shall reclassify all affected
                financial assets, and apply the reclassification prospectively from the reclassification date. The Group
                does not restate any previously recognized gains, losses (including impairment gains or losses) or interest.
                Reclassification date is the first day of the first reporting period following the change in business model that
                results in an entity reclassifying financial assets.


          (c)   Fair value of financial instruments
                Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
                transaction between market participants at the measurement date. Fair value measurement is based on the
                presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal
                market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market
                for the asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group.
                The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would
                use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.


                The fair values of quoted financial assets and financial liabilities in active markets are based on quoted
                market prices. If there is no active market, the Group establishes fair value by using valuation techniques.
                These include the use of market approach, income approach and cost approach. When using valuation
                techniques, the Group uses observable inputs. Unobservable market inputs would not be used unless
                relevant observable inputs are not available or not practicable to access.


                Default Valuation Adjustments (DVA) are applied to the Group’s financial liabilities at fair value through profit
                or loss, and assumes that DVA stay the same before and after the transfer of the liability. DVA refer to risk
                that enterprises fail to perform the obligation, including but not limited to their own credit risk.


                The Group uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair values of financial assets and
                financial liabilities based on the inputs used when determining the fair value:


                Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities that the entity can
                access at the measurement date.


                Level 2: Valuation technique using inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are
                observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly.


                Level 3: Valuation technique using inputs for the asset or liability that is not based on observable market
                data (unobservable inputs).


                The level of fair value measurement depends on the lowest level of input that is significant to the entire fair
                value measurement.




                                                                       CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   229
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (3)   Financial instruments (Continued)
            (d)   Subsequent measurement of financial instruments
                  Subsequent measurement of financial instruments depends on the categories:


                  Amortized cost
                  The amortized cost is the amount at which the financial asset or financial liability is measured at initial
                  recognition: (i) minus the principal repayments; (ii) plus or minus the cumulative amortization using the
                  effective interest method of any difference between that initial amount and the maturity amount; and (iii) for
                  financial assets, adjusted for any loss allowance. Interest income from these financial assets is included in
                  “Interest income” using the effective interest rate method.


                  The effective interest rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments or receipts
                  through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability to the gross carrying amount of a financial
                  asset (i.e. its amortized cost before any impairment allowance) or to the amortized cost of a financial
                  liability. The calculation does not consider expected credit losses (“ECL”) and includes transaction costs,
                  premiums or discounts and fees and points paid or received that are integral to the effective interest rate.
                  For purchased or originated credit-impaired (“POCI”) financial assets, the Group calculates the credit-
                  adjusted effective interest rate, which is calculated based on the amortized cost of the financial asset
                  instead of its gross carrying amount and incorporates the impact of expected credit losses in estimated
                  future cash flows.


                  When the Group revises the estimates of future cash flows, the carrying amount of the respective financial
                  asset or financial liability is adjusted to reflect the new estimate discounted using the original effective
                  interest rate. Any changes are recognized in profit or loss.


                  Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount of financial
                  assets and is included in “Interest income”, except for: (i) POCI financial assets, whose interest income is
                  calculated, since initial recognition, by applying the credit-adjusted effective interest rate to their amortized
                  cost; and (ii) financial assets that are not POCI but have subsequently become credit-impaired, whose
                  interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to their amortized cost (i.e. net of the
                  expected credit loss allowance). If, in a subsequent period, the financial assets improve their qualities
                  so that they are no longer credit-impaired and the improvement in credit quality is related objectively to
                  a certain event occurring after the application of the above-mentioned rules, then the interest income is
                  calculated by applying the effective interest rate to their gross carrying amount.


                  Fair value through other comprehensive income
                  Debt instruments
                  Movements in the carrying amount are taken through OCI, except for the recognition of impairment gains
                  or losses and interest revenue on the instrument’s amortized cost which are recognized in profit or loss.
                  Interest income from these financial assets is included in “interest income” using the effective interest rate
                  method. When the financial asset is derecognized, the cumulative gain or loss previously recognized in OCI
                  is reclassified from equity to profit or loss and recognized in “Investment income”.




230
3   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (3)   Financial instruments (Continued)
          (d)   Subsequent measurement of financial instruments (Continued)
                Fair value through other comprehensive income (Continued)
                Equity instruments
                The equity instrument investments that are held for purposes other than to generate investment returns
                are designated as FVOCI. When this election is used, fair value gains and losses are recognized in OCI
                and are not subsequently reclassified to profit or loss, including on disposal. Impairment losses (and
                reversal of impairment losses) are not reported separately from other changes in fair value. Dividends, when
                representing a return on such investments, continue to be recognized in profit or loss as investment income
                when the Group’s right to receive payments is established, and it is probable that future economic benefits
                associated with the item will flow to the Group, and the amounts of the dividends can be measured reliably.


                Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss
                Debt instruments
                A gain or loss on a debt investment that is subsequently measured at fair value through profit or loss and is
                not part of a hedging relationship is recognized in profit or loss and presented in the profit or loss statement
                within “Investment income” in the period in which it arises.


                Equity instruments
                Gains and losses on equity investments at FVPL are included in the “Investment income” line in the
                statement of profit or loss.

                Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss
                Gains or losses on financial liabilities designated as at FVPL are presented partially in other comprehensive
                income (the amount of change in the fair value of the financial liability that is attributable to changes in the
                credit risk of that liability, which is determined as the amount that is not attributable to changes in market
                conditions that give rise to market risk) and partially profit or loss (the remaining amount of change in
                the fair value of the liability). This is unless such a presentation would create, or enlarge, an accounting
                mismatch, in which case the gains or losses attributable to changes in the credit risk of the liability are also
                presented in profit or loss.

                When financial liabilities designated as at FVPL are derecognized, fair value gains and losses are
                subsequently reclassified from other comprehensive income to retained earnings.




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     231
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (3)   Financial instruments (Continued)
            (e)   Impairment of financial instruments
                  The Group assesses on a forward-looking basis the ECL associated with its debt instrument assets carried
                  at amortized cost and FVOCI.

                  ECL is the weighted average of credit losses with the respective risks of a default occurring as the weights.
                  Credit loss is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in accordance
                  with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive (i.e. all cash shortfalls),
                  discounted at the original effective interest rate (or credit-adjusted effective interest rate for POCI financial
                  assets).

                  The Group measures the ECL of a financial instrument reflects:

                  (i)     an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined by evaluating a range of possible
                          outcomes;


                  (ii)    the time value of money; and


                  (iii)   reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort at the reporting
                          date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.

                  For financial instruments whose impairment losses are measured using the ECL model, the Group
                  assesses whether their credit risk has increased significantly since their initial recognition, and applies a
                  three-stage impairment model to calculate their impairment allowance and recognize their ECL, as follows:

                  —       Stage I: The Group measures the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to the
                          next 12 months ECL if the credit risk of that financial instrument has not increased significantly since
                          initial recognition.


                  —       Stage II: The Group measures the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to
                          the lifetime ECL if the credit risk of that financial instrument has increased significantly since initial
                          recognition, but is not yet deemed to be credit-impaired.


                  —       Stage III: The Group measures the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to the
                          lifetime ECL if the financial instrument is credit-impaired.

                  The Group applies the impairment requirements for the recognition and measurement of some loss
                  allowance for debt instruments that are measured at FVOCI. The loss allowance is recognized in OCI and
                  the impairment loss is recognized in profit or loss, and it should not reduce the carrying amount of the
                  financial asset in the statement of financial position.




232
3   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (3)   Financial instruments (Continued)
          (e)   Impairment of financial instruments (Continued)
                The Group has measured the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to the lifetime
                ECL in the previous reporting period, but determines to measure it at an amount equal to the next 12
                months ECL at the current reporting date since the credit risk of that financial instrument has increased
                significantly since initial recognition is no longer met, and the amount of ECL reversal is recognized in profit
                or loss. Excluding POCI financial assets.

                The inputs, assumptions and estimation techniques the Group used in ECL models for its debt instrument
                assets carried at amortized cost and FVOCI refer to note 58(a).

          (f)   Derecognition of financial instruments
                A financial instrument (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial
                assets) is derecognised, which means to derecognise a financial asset or financial liability from the account
                and statement of financial position of the Group when:

                (i)    the contractual rights to receive cash flows from the assets have expired; or


                (ii)   the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset; or has assumed an
                       obligation to pay them in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through”
                       arrangement; and (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of
                       the financial asset; or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and
                       rewards of ownership of the financial asset, but not retain control of the asset.

                A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged, cancelled or expires.
                When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different
                terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is
                treated as a derecognition of the original liability and the recognition of a new liability.

                When the Group has made substantial modifications to a part of the contract terms of an existing financial
                liability, the relevant portion of the existing financial liability is derecognised, while the financial liability under
                modified terms is recognised as a new financial liability.

                On derecognition of a financial liability in its entirety or partially, the difference between the carrying amount
                and the consideration paid (including non-cash assets transferred or new financial liabilities assumed) shall
                be recognised in profit or loss.

                If the Group repurchases a part of a financial liability, the Group shall allocate the previous carrying amount
                of the financial liability between the part that continues to be recognised and the part that is derecognized
                based on the relative fair values of those parts on the date of the repurchase. The difference between the
                carrying amount allocated to the part derecognised and the consideration paid (including any non-cash
                assets transferred or liabilities assumed) for the part derecognised shall be recognised in profit or loss.




                                                                       CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report         233
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (4)   Derivative financial instruments
            The Group uses derivatives, such as foreign currency contracts, interest rate swaps, contracts of stock index
            and contracts for difference to economically hedge its foreign currency risk, interest rate risk and stock price
            risk, respectively. Derivatives financial instruments are initially recognised at fair value on the date a derivative
            contract is entered into and are subsequently remeasured at their fair value. Derivatives are carried as assets
            when the fair value is positive and as liabilities when the fair value is negative. Fair values are obtained from
            quoted market prices in active markets, including recent market transactions, and valuation techniques, including
            the discounted cash flow analysis and option pricing models, as appropriate. Credit Valuation Adjustments (CVA)
            and Debit Valuation Adjustments (DVA) are applied to the Group’s over-the-counter derivatives to reflect the
            credit risk of the counterparties and the Group itself, respectively.

      (5)   Offsetting financial instruments
            Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of financial position
            when there is a current legally enforceable right to set off the recognised amounts and there is an intention to
            settle on a net basis, or realise the asset and settle the liability simultaneously.

      (6)   Margin financing and securities lending services
            Margin financing and securities lending services refer to the lending of funds by the Group to customers for
            purchase of securities, or lending of securities by the Group to customers, for which the customers provide the
            Group with collateral.

            The Group recognises margin accounts at initial recognition, and recognises interest income accordingly.
            Securities lent are not derecognised, but still accounted for as the original financial assets, and interest income is
            recognised accordingly.

            Securities trading on behalf of margin financing or securities lending customers are accounted for as securities
            brokerage business.

            For impairment of financial assets arising from margin financing and securities lending, refer to Note 3(3)(e).


      (7)   Reverse repurchase agreements and repurchase agreements
            Financial assets transferred as collateral in connection with repurchase agreements, involving fixed repurchase
            dates and prices, are not derecognized. They continue to be recorded as original financial assets before
            transferred. The corresponding liability is included in repurchase agreements.

            Consideration paid for financial assets held under agreements to resell are recorded as reverse repurchase
            agreements, the related collateral accepted is not recognized in the consolidated financial statements.

            The difference between the purchase and resale consideration, and that between the sale and repurchase
            consideration, is amortized over the period of the respective transaction using the effective interest method and
            is recognised through interest income or expenses.

            For impairment of reverse repurchase agreements, refer to Note 3(3)(e). Stock repo and stock-pledged repo
            under reverse purchase agreements are assets arising from financing businesses.




234
3   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (8)   Subsidiaries
          Subsidiaries are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group has control. Control is achieved
          when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has
          the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. When the Group assesses whether it has
          power over an investee, the Group’s voting rights or potential voting rights and other contractual arrangements
          are considered.

    (9)   Associates
          Associates are all entities over which the Group has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to
          participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint control over
          those policies.

          The Group’s investments in associates are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at the
          Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any impairment losses. The Group’s
          share of the post-acquisition results and reserves of associates is included in the consolidated statement of profit
          or loss and consolidated reserves, respectively. Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions between
          the Group and its associates are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s investments in the associates.

    (10) Joint ventures
          Joint ventures are all entities over which the Group has joint control. Joint control, is the contractually agreed
          sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require the
          unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.

          The Group’s investments in joint ventures are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at the
          Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any impairment losses. The Group’s
          share of post-acquisition results and reserves of joint ventures is included in the consolidated statement of profit
          or loss and reserves, respectively. Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group
          and its joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s investments in the joint ventures.

    (11) Investment properties
          Investment properties comprise real estate properties for the purpose of earning rental income and/or for capital
          appreciation, including buildings that have been leased out. Subsequent expenditure is capitalized only when it
          is probable that the future economic benefits associated with the expenditure will flow to the Group. Ongoing
          repairs and maintenance are expensed as incurred.

          The Group’s investment properties are accounted for using cost model. The initial recognition and subsequent
          measurement of buildings and properties that are leased out are accounted for using the same measurement
          and depreciation methods as those for property, plant and equipment.




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     235
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (11) Investment properties (Continued)
            When an investment property is transferred to owner-occupied property, it is reclassified to property, plant and
            equipment with the carrying amount determined at the carrying amount of the investment property at the date of
            the transfer. When an owner-occupied property is transferred out for earning rentals or for capital appreciation,
            the property, plant and equipment is transferred to investment properties with the carrying amount determined at
            the carrying amount at the date of the transfer.

            An investment property shall be derecognized on disposal or when the investment property is permanently
            withdrawn from use and no future economic benefits are expected from its disposal. When an investment
            property is sold, transferred, retired or damaged, the Group recognizes the amount of any proceeds on disposal,
            net of the carrying amount and related expenses, in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


      (12) Property, plant and equipment
            (a)   Recognition criteria for property, plant and equipment
                  Property, plant and equipment comprise properties and buildings, transportation vehicles and electronic
                  devices that the Group expects to use for more than one year and other tangible assets that are expected
                  to be used for more than one year and the unit costs of which are greater than RMB2,000.


            (b)   Property, plant and equipment initially measured at cost
                  Cost of an item of purchased property, plant and equipment comprises purchase price, tax and any costs
                  directly attributable to bringing the asset to the condition necessary for its intended use and it includes
                  transportation costs, installation and assembly costs, and professional service fees. The cost of a self-
                  constructed asset comprises all costs incurred before the asset is ready for its intended use.


                  Subsequent expenditure incurred for the property and equipment is included in the cost of the property
                  and equipment if it is probable that economic benefits associated with the asset will flow to the Group and
                  the subsequent expenditure can be measured reliably, while the carrying amount of the replaced part is
                  derecognized. Other subsequent expenditure is recognized in the consolidated income statement in the
                  period in which they are incurred.


                  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment is calculated on the straight-line basis.




236
3   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (12) Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
        (b)   Property, plant and equipment initially measured at cost (Continued)
              Estimated useful life, depreciation rate and estimated residual value of each item of property, plant and
              equipment which are required by the operation of the Group are as follows:


                                                                                                                                             Estimated
                    Types of property,                                               Estimated                      Monthly                     residual
                    plant and equipment                                            useful lives        depreciation rate                     value rate


                    Properties and buildings                                            35 years                    0.2262%                            5%
                    Electronic devices                                                 2–5 years         1.667%–4.167%                                 0%
                    Transportation vehicles
                      — Leased out                                                               (i)                         (i)                          (i)
                      — Others                                                            5 years                    1.617%                            3%
                    Communication equipment                                               5 years                    1.617%                            3%
                    Office equipment                                                      3 years                    2.778%                            0%
                    Security equipment                                                    5 years                    1.617%                            3%
                    Others                                                                5 years                    1.617%                            3%

              (i)       Transportation vehicles that are leased out under operating lease represent aircraft and cargo vessel. The Group determines the
                        useful lives and depreciation method according to conditions of aircraft and cargo vessel. Among transportation vehicles, the
                        estimated useful lives of cargo vessel is 20 years, and the estimated residual value is determined based on the expected residual
                        value; the estimated useful lives of aircraft is 18 years with a monthly depreciation rate of 0.394%, and the estimated residual value
                        rate is 15% of its original cost.


              The years that property, plant and equipment were already in use upon purchase were excluded when
              determining the estimated useful lives of these types of property, plant and equipment. The estimated
              useful lives, the estimated residual value rate and the depreciation method of each type of property, plant
              and equipment are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at each financial year end. Gains and losses
              on disposal of property, plant and equipment, the costs of disposal and taxes in connection with such
              disposal are considered in the determination of the estimated residual value rate.


        (c)   Impairment of property, plant and equipment
              The Group assesses whether there is any indication that assets are impaired at each financial reporting
              date. When any such indication exists, the Group estimates the recoverable amount. When recoverable
              amounts of assets are lower than carrying amounts, the Group decreases the carrying amount to
              recoverable amount, the decreased amount recognized in the consolidated income statement.


              An impairment loss recognized for property, plant and equipment is not reversed in subsequent periods.




                                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report                    237
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (12) Property, plant and equipment (Continued)
            (d)   Disposal of property, plant and equipment
                  An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognized upon disposal or when no future economic
                  benefits are expected to arise from its continued use. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement
                  of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds
                  and the carrying amount of the asset and is recognized through profit or loss.


            (e)   Construction in progress
                  Costs of construction in progress are determined based on the actual expenditure incurred which include
                  all necessary expenditure incurred during the construction period, borrowing costs eligible for capitalisation
                  and other costs incurred to bring the asset to its intended use.


                  Items classified as construction in progress are transferred to property, plant and equipment when such
                  assets are ready for their intended use.


      (13) Land-use rights and intangible assets
            (a)   Land-use rights
                  Land-use rights acquired by the Group are amortised over the period that is confirmed by the land use
                  permit.


            (b)   Intangible assets
                  Intangible assets are recognised only when it is probable that future economic benefits associated with the
                  item will flow to the Group and the cost of the item shall be measured reliably, and measured initially at
                  cost. Intangible assets acquired from business combination and their fair value can be measured reliably
                  are recognised as intangible assets individually and measured at their fair value as at date of combination.


                  Useful lives of intangible assets are determined as the period that the assets are expected to generate
                  economic benefits for the Group, and when there is no foreseeable limit on the period of time over which
                  the asset is expected to generate economic benefits for the Group, the intangible assets are regarded as
                  having indefinite useful life.


                  Intangible assets with finite useful lives shall be amortised on a straight-line basis over the useful period.
                  The useful lives and amortisation method of the intangible assets with finite useful lives shall be reviewed
                  by the Group at least at each financial year end, and adjusted as appropriate. The residual value of an
                  intangible asset with a finite useful life shall be assumed to be zero unless there is a commitment by a
                  third party to purchase the asset at the end of its useful life, or there is an active market for the asset,
                  where residual value can be determined by reference to that market; and it is probable that such a market
                  will exist at the end of the asset’s useful life. Impairment for intangible assets not readily for use is also
                  assessed annually.


                  Software acquired from third party shall be amortised over 5 years. The self-developed software, patents,
                  non-patents, trade mark right, client relationship and other intangible assets shall be amortised over their
                  useful lives.



238
3   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (13) Land-use rights and intangible assets (Continued)
        (b)   Intangible assets (Continued)
              Intangible assets with indefinite useful lives need to be assessed for impairment no matter if there is any
              impairment evidence. These assets need not to be amortized, and their useful lives shall be reviewed each
              reporting date. If there is any evidence to support that the useful lives are definite, these intangible assets
              shall apply the policies of intangible assets with definite useful lives.


              Internal research and development expenses are classified as research phase expense and development
              phase expense. Expenditure on research phase of an internal project shall be recognised as an expense
              when it is incurred. Development phase expense can be capitalised only an entity can demonstrate all of
              the following:

              (i)     the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;


              (ii)    its intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;


              (iii)   its ability to use or sell the intangible asset;


              (iv)    how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits. Among other things,
                      the entity can demonstrate the existence of a market for the output of the intangible asset or the
                      intangible asset itself or, if it is to be used internally, the usefulness of the intangible asset;


              (v)     the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and
                      to use or sell the intangible asset; and


              (vi)    its ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its
                      development.


              The development phase expenses that do not meet above conditions shall be recognised in profit or loss
              when incurred.




                                                                         CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   239
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (14) Revenue
            Revenue from underwriting services is recognized when the outcome of the underwriting services provided can
            be reliably estimated and reasonably recognized. The revenue is usually recognized upon completion of the
            offering.


            Revenue from the securities brokerage services is recognised on the date of the securities transaction.


            Revenue from asset management services is recognised when management services are provided in accordance
            with the asset management contract.


            Dividend income is recognised when the Group’s right to receive payment has been established.


            Other business revenue mainly comes from the bulk commodities sales of the Group’s commodities trading
            subsidiaries.


            The Group recognizes sales revenue from bulk commodity goods when fulfills the Group’s performance
            obligations in the contract, that is, the revenue is recognized when the customer obtains control of the relevant
            bulk commodity goods.


            In the process of selling goods, the Group, as the primary obligor, has the primary responsibility of providing
            goods and performing orders to customers. The Group exposure inventory risk before or after the bulk
            commodity goods have been ordered by a customer; the Group has discretion in establishing prices of bulk
            commodity goods and exposed to credit risk for the amount receivable from customers in exchange for the
            other party’s goods and commodity risk for inventory. The Group satisfies the performance obligation above and
            recognized revenue in the gross amount. When the group acts as an agent, the net amount of the consideration
            received or receivable after deducting the price payable to other related parties shall be recognized and listed as
            income.


            When the Group recognises revenue in accordance with the progress of completed services, the part of
            unconditional receivables that the Group has acquired will be recognised as accounts receivables, and the rest
            will be recognised as contract assets. The Group identifies loss allowance on the basis of expected credit losses
            for accounts receivable and contractual assets; if the Group’s received consideration or receivable consideration
            exceed the completed services, the excess part will be recognised as contractual liabilities. The Group’s
            contractual assets and liabilities under the same contract are shown in net.


            Interest income of debt investments at amortized costs and FVOCI, is measured by amortized cost and effective
            interest rate; excluding financial assets credit impaired are measured by amortized cost and credit-adjusted
            effective interest rate. The net gains of holding period from financial investments at FVTPL is measured as
            “Investment income”.




240
3   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (15) Income tax
        Income tax comprises current tax and deferred income tax. Current tax is the amount of current income tax
        payable calculated based on current taxable income. Taxable income is calculated based on the adjustment to
        the current year pre-tax accounting profit according to the applicable tax laws.


        For current income tax liabilities or current income tax assets generated from the current and prior periods, the
        expected income tax payable or the income tax deduction is calculated according to the applicable tax laws.


        The Group measures deferred income tax using balance sheet liability method according to the temporary
        differences between the carrying amount of an asset or liability at the end of the reporting period and its tax
        base, and the temporary difference between the carrying amount of an item not recognised as an asset or liability
        at the end of the reporting period and its tax base.


        All taxable temporary differences are recognised as deferred income tax liabilities, except:


        (i)    The deferred income tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or of an asset or liability in
               a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the
               accounting profit nor taxable income or deductible expenses; and


        (ii)   In respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and
               joint ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is
               probable that the temporary differences will not be reversed in the foreseeable future.


        Deferred income tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, unused tax credits carried
        forward and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that
        taxable profit will be available against which deductible temporary differences, unused tax credits carried forward
        and unused tax losses can be utilised, except that deferred income tax asset relating to deductible temporary
        differences arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business
        combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable income or
        deductible expenses.


        Deferred income tax assets and deferred income tax liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected
        to apply to the period when the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that
        have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period and reflect the corresponding
        tax effect.


        The carrying amount of deferred income tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced
        to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable income will be available to allow all or part of
        the deferred income tax asset to be utilised. When it is virtually probable that sufficient taxable income will be
        available, the reduced amount can be reversed accordingly.




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     241
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (16) Employee compensation
            Employee compensation refers to all forms of consideration and other related expenditure given or incurred by
            the Group in exchange for services rendered by employees. The benefits payable are recognised as liabilities
            during the period in which the employees have rendered the services to the Group.


            In accordance with the applicable laws and regulations, Mainland China employees of the Group participate
            in various social insurance schemes including basic pension insurance, medical insurance, unemployment
            insurance and housing fund schemes administered by the local government authorities. Contributions to these
            schemes are recognised in profit or loss as incurred.


            All eligible employees outside Mainland China participate in the respective local defined contribution schemes.
            The Group contributes to these defined contribution schemes based on the requirements of the local regulatory
            bodies.


      (17) Government grants
            Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be
            received and all the attaching conditions will be complied with. Where the Group receives grants of monetary
            assets, the grants are recorded at the amount received or receivable. Where the Group receives grants of non-
            monetary assets, the grants are recorded at the fair value of the non-monetary assets. When fair value cannot be
            reliably measured, they are recognised at nominal amount.


            Government grants for purchasing, building or other development of long-term assets regulated in government
            documents are recognised as government grants related to assets. Judgments should be made based
            on the necessary basic conditions for obtaining the government grants when government documents are
            unclearly stated. Government grants with purchasing, building or other development of long-term assets as
            basic condition are recognised as government grants related to assets, and the remaining type of grants are
            recognised as related to income.


            Government grants related to income which are to compensate relevant expenditures or losses in future periods
            are recognized as deferred income and released to profit or loss during the period when the expense is incurred.
            Government grants that are to compensate the incurred expenses or losses are recognised into profit or loss
            directly. Government grants related to assets are recognised as deferred income, and released to profit or loss
            over the expected useful life of the relevant assets by equal annual instalments. Government grants measured at
            nominal amount are recorded into profit or loss directly.




242
3   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (18) Leases
        As a lessor
        Lease income from operating leases is recognised in income on a straight-line basis over the period of the lease.


        As a lessee
        (a)   Initial measurement of the right-of-use asset and lease liability
              Initial measurement of the right-of-use asset
              The right-of-use asset is defined as the right of underlying assets in the lease term for the Group as a
              lessee. The lease term is defined as the non-cancellable period of the lease for the Group as a lessee.


              At the commencement date, a lessee shall measure the right-of-use asset at cost. The cost of the right-of-
              use asset shall comprise:


              (i)     the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;


              (ii)    any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received;


              (iii)   any initial direct costs incurred by the lessee; and


              (iv)    an estimate of costs to be incurred by the lessee in dismantling and removing the underlying asset,
                      restoring the site on which it is located or restoring the underlying asset to the condition required by
                      the terms and conditions of the lease.


              Initial direct costs are defined as incremental costs that would not have been incurred if a lease had not
              been obtained.


              Initial measurement of the lease liability
              At the commencement date, a lessee shall measure the lease liability at the present value of the lease
              payments that are not paid at that date.


              The lease payments shall be discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease, if that rate can be
              readily determined. If that rate cannot be readily determined, the lessee shall use the lessee’s incremental
              borrowing rate.


              The lessee uses as the discount rate the interest rate implicit in the lease — this is the rate of interest that
              causes the present value of lease payments and the unguaranteed residual value to equal the sum of the
              fair value of the underlying asset and any initial direct costs of the lessor.


              The incremental borrowing rate is defined as the rate of interest that a lessee would have to pay to borrow,
              over a similar term and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a similar value to
              the cost of the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment.




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   243
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (18) Leases (Continued)
            As a lessee (Continued)
            (b)   Subsequent measurement of the right-of-use asset and lease liability
                  Subsequent measurement of the right-of-use asset
                  At the commencement date, the Group as a lessee shall measure the right-of-use asset at cost and
                  apply the depreciation requirements in IAS 16 Property, Plant and Equipment in depreciating the right-of-
                  use asset. If the lease transfers ownership of the underlying asset to the lessee by the end of the lease
                  term, the lessee shall depreciate the right-of-use asset from the commencement date to the end of the
                  useful life of the underlying asset. Otherwise, the lessee shall depreciate the right-of-use asset from the
                  commencement date to the earlier of the end of the useful life of the right-of-use asset or the end of the
                  lease term. When the recoverable amount is less than the book value of the right-to-use assets, the Group
                  shall write down its book value to the recoverable amount.


                  Subsequent measurement of the lease liability
                  After the commencement date, the Group shall recognise interest on the lease liability in profit or loss.
                  Interest on the lease liability in each period during the lease term shall be the amount that produces a
                  constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of the lease liability.


            (c)   Recognition of short-term leases and leases for which the underlying asset is of low value
                  Short-term leases are defined as leases with a lease term of less than 12 months from the commencement
                  date. Leases for which the underlying asset is of low value are defined as underlying assets of low value
                  when new. The right-of-use asset and lease liability are not recognized by the Group for short-term leases
                  and leases for which the underlying asset is of low value. The lessee shall recognise the lease payments
                  associated with those leases as an expense.


      (19) Inventories
            Inventories are recognised at cost for initial recognition. The cost of inventories comprises all costs of purchase,
            costs of conversion and other costs.


            At the balance sheet date, inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. When net
            realisable value is lower than the carrying amount, the Group decreases the carrying amount to net realisable
            value. The decreased amount is recognised in profit or loss and corresponding allowance is made.


            Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated costs of
            completion, the estimated costs necessary to make the sale and related taxes.




244
3   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (20) Impairment of goodwill
        The Group assesses goodwill acquired from business combination, no matter there is objective evidence of
        impairment or not, impairment should be assessed at each annual financial reporting date.


        The recoverable amount is the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and the present value of
        the estimated future cash flow expected to be derived from the asset. The Group estimates the recoverable
        amount on the basis of individual asset. When it is difficult to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the
        recoverable value of the cash generating units to which the asset belongs will be estimated. The recognition of a
        group of assets shall base on whether the main cash flow generated by the group of assets is independent from
        those generated by other assets or groups of assets.


        When recoverable amounts of assets or groups of assets are lower than their carrying amounts, the Group
        decreases their carrying amount to recoverable amount. The decreased amounts are recognised in profit or loss
        and corresponding allowances are made.


        For impairment test of goodwill, goodwill acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date,
        allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units, or groups of cash-generating units when being unable to
        be allocated to each of the cash-generating units. Cash-generating units or groups of cash-generating units refer
        to those that can benefit from the synergies of the combination and are not larger than the reportable segment
        determined by the Group.


        When performing impairment test for the (groups of) cash-generating unit to which goodwill is allocated, the
        Group firstly tests the (groups of) cash-generating unit excluding goodwill, calculates the recoverable amount
        and recognises relevant impairment losses. The Group then tests the (groups of) cash-generating units including
        goodwill, and compares the carrying amount and recoverable amount. If the carrying amount exceeds the
        recoverable amount, the amount of impairment loss is firstly deducted from the carrying amount of goodwill
        allocated to the (groups of) cash-generating unit, and then from the carrying amount of each of other assets
        (other than goodwill) within the (groups of) cash-generating unit, on a pro rata basis. An impairment loss
        recognized for goodwill cannot be reversed in subsequent periods.




                                                               CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   245
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (21) Related parties
            A party is considered to be related to the Group if:


            (a)     the party is a person or a close family member of that person and that person


                  (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;


                  (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or


                  (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;


                  or


            (b)     the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:


                  (i)     the entity and the Group are members of the same group;


                  (ii)    one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow
                          subsidiary of the other entity);


                  (iii)   the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;


                  (iv)    one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and other entity is an associate of the third entity;


                  (v)     the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an
                          entity related to the Group;


                  (vi)    the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a); or


                  (vii)   a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                          management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).




246
3   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
    (22) Provisions and contingencies
        The obligation pertinent to contingencies shall be recognised as provisions when the following conditions are
        satisfied concurrently:


        (i)     the obligation is a present obligation of the Group;


        (ii)    the obligation is probable to cause a future outflow of resources from the Group as a result of performance
                of the obligation; and


        (iii)   the amount of the obligation can be reliably measured.


        The amount of a provision is initially measured in accordance with the best estimate of the necessary expenses
        for the performance of the current obligation. To determine the best estimate, the Group takes into full
        consideration of risks, uncertainty, time value of money and other factors pertinent to the contingencies. The
        Group reviews the book value of the provisions at the end of the reporting period. If there is substantial evidence
        that the amount of provisions cannot actually reflect the current best estimate, the Group will adjust the amount
        in accordance with the current best estimate.


        A contingent liability is a possible obligation that arises from past events and whose existence will be confirmed
        only by the occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more uncertain future events not wholly within the control of
        the entity; or, a present obligation that arises from past events but it is not probable that an outflow of resources
        embodying economic benefits will be required to settle the obligation; or the amount of the obligation cannot be
        measured with sufficient reliability.


    (23) Non-current assets held for sale
        Non-current assets are classified as held for sale if their carrying amount will be recovered principally through a
        sale transaction rather than through continuing use and a sale is considered highly probable. They are measured
        at the lower of their carrying amount and fair value less costs to sell, and non-current assets are not depreciated
        or amortised. Interest and other expenses attributable to the liabilities of a disposal group classified as held for
        sale continue to be recognised.


        An impairment loss is recognised for any initial or subsequent write-down of the asset to fair value less costs
        to sell. A gain is recognised for any subsequent increases in fair value less costs to sell of an asset, but not in
        excess of any cumulative impairment loss previously recognised. A gain or loss not previously recognised by the
        date of the sale of the noncurrent asset is recognised at the date of derecognition.




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   247
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




3     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (24) Profit distribution
             After-tax profit for the year is firstly applied to make up for the losses of previous years. Secondly, the Company
             sets aside 10% of after-tax profit for a statutory reserve under surplus reserves, 10% of after-tax profit for a
             general risk reserve under general reserves, and according to the requirements of the CSRC, sets aside 10%
             of after-tax profit for a transaction risk reserve under general reserves. In addition, with the approval from the
             Annual General Meeting, the Company may set aside 5%–10% of after-tax profit for a discretionary reserve after
             setting aside the funds for the various statutory reserves. The remaining after-tax profit is distributed according
             to the resolution approved at the Annual General Meeting. If the aggregate balance of the statutory reserve
             has reached 50% of the Company’s registered capital, appropriation for the statutory reserve is no longer
             mandatory.


             General reserves set aside by the Company are used to make up for any losses arising from securities
             transactions. The Company’s surplus reserves are used to make up for any losses of the Company or as
             additional capital of the Company. However, capital reserve cannot be used to make up for the Company’s
             losses. When the statutory reserve are converted to capital, the balance of the statutory reserve cannot be less
             than 25% of the Company’s registered capital.


             Dividends proposed by the directors are not deducted from equity, until they have been approved by the ordinary
             equity holders in the Annual General Meeting. When these dividends have been approved by the ordinary equity
             holders, they are recognized as a liability.


4     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
      The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and
      assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and the disclosure of
      contingent liabilities, at the end of the reporting period. However, uncertainty about these judgements assumptions
      and estimates could result in outcomes that could require an adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or
      liabilities.


      (1)    Impairment of goodwill
             The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis, which requires significant
             judgement. This involves an estimation of the recoverable amount of the cash-generating units to which the
             goodwill is allocated. The recoverable amount is the higher of a cash-generating unit’s fair value less costs to sell
             and its value in use.


      (2)    Income tax
             Determining provisions for income tax requires the Group to estimate the future tax treatment of certain
             transactions. The Group carefully evaluates tax implications of transactions in accordance with prevailing tax
             regulations and provides for taxes accordingly. In addition, deferred income tax assets are recognised to the
             extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary
             differences can be utilised. This requires significant judgement of the tax treatments of certain transactions and
             also significant estimation of the probability that adequate future taxable profits will be available for the deferred
             income tax assets to be recovered.




248
4   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)
    (3)   Fair value of financial instruments
          If the market for a financial instrument is not active, the Group estimates fair value by using a valuation technique.
          Valuation techniques include using recent prices in arm’s length market transactions between knowledgeable
          and willing parties, if available, reference to the current fair value of another instrument that is substantially
          the same, or discounted cash flow analyses and option pricing models. To the extent practicable, valuation
          technique makes the maximum use of observable market inputs. However, where observable market inputs are
          not available, management needs to make estimates and use alternatives on such unobservable market inputs.


    (4)   Consolidation of structured entities
          Management makes significant judgment on whether the Group controls and therefore is required to consolidate
          its structured entities. The decision outcome impacts the financial and operational results of the Group.


          When assessing control, the Group considers: 1) the level of power of the Group over the investee; 2) variable
          returns gained through participation of relevant activities of the investee; and 3) the ability of the Group in using
          its power over the investee to affect its return.


          When assessing the level of power over the structured entities, the Group considers the following four aspects:


          (i)     the degree of participation when establishing the structured entities;


          (ii)    contractual arrangements;


          (iii)   activities that take place only at special occasions or events;


          (iv)    commitments made to the investee from the Group.


          When assessing whether there is control over the structured entities, the Group also considers whether it’s
          acting as a principal or as an agent. Aspects of considerations normally include the decision making power over
          the structured entities, substantive rights enjoyed by the other third parties, level of reward to the Group, and
          exposure to variable risks and returns from owning other benefits of the structured entities.


    (5)   Measurement of the expected credit loss allowance
          Expected credit loss measurement
          The measurement of the expected credit loss allowance for debt instruments measured at amortized cost and
          FVOCI is an area that requires the use of models and assumptions about future economic conditions and credit
          behavior of the client (such as the likelihood of customers defaulting and the resulting losses).




                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report    249
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




4     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (Continued)
      (5)   Measurement of the expected credit loss allowance (Continued)
            Expected credit loss measurement (Continued)
            A number of significant judgements are also required in applying the accounting requirements for measuring
            expected credit losses (ECL), such as:


            —     Determining criteria for significant increase in credit risk;


            —     Choosing appropriate models and assumptions for the measurement of ECL;


            —     Projection of macroeconomic variables for forward-looking scenarios.


            Inputs, assumptions and estimation techniques
            The ECL of different financial portfolios is measured by the Group on either a 12-month or lifetime basis
            depending on whether they are in Stage 1, 2 or 3 as defined above. For debt securities investments, ECL are
            the discounted product of the Probability of Default (“PD”), Exposure at Default (“EAD”), and Loss Given Default
            (“LGD”). For margin accounts, stock repo and stock-pledged repo under reverse repurchase agreements, ECL
            are the discounted product of the EAD and Loss Ratio (“LR”).


            Forward-looking information incorporated in the ECL model
            A pervasive concept in measuring ECL in accordance with IFRS9 is that it should consider forward-looking
            information. The assessment of SICR and the calculation of ECL both incorporated forward-looking information.
            The Group has performed historical data and identified the key economic variables impacting credit risk and ECL
            for each financial instrument portfolio. These economic variables and their associated impact on the PD vary by
            product type. The impact of these economic variables on the PD has been determined by performing statistical
            regression analysis to understand the impact changes in these variables have had historically on default rates.


            Details of the significant accounting judgements and estimates above please refer to Note 58(a).


      (6)   Classification of financial assets
            When the Group determines the classification of financial assets, a number of significant judgements in the
            business model and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the financial assets are required.


            Factors considered by the Group in determining the business model for a group of financial assets include past
            experience on how the cash flows for these assets were collected, how the asset’s performance is evaluated
            and reported to key management personnel, how risks are assessed and managed and how managers are
            compensated.


            When the Group assesses whether the contractual cash flows of the financial assets are consistent with basic
            lending arrangements, the main judgements are described as below: whether the principal amount may change
            over the life of the financial asset (for example, if there are prepayments); whether the interest includes only
            consideration for the time value of money, credit risk, other basic lending risks and a profit margin and cost,
            associated with holding the financial asset for a particular period of time.




250
5   TAXATION
    According to relevant PRC tax policies, the most significant categories of taxes to which the Company is currently
    subject to are as follows:


    (1)   Income tax
          From 1 January 2008, the “Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC” and the “Regulations on the Implementation
          of Enterprise Income Tax Law of the PRC” became effective for the Company. Income tax computation and
          payment are governed by the “Announcement of the State Administration of Taxation on Printing and Distributing
          Administrative Measures for Collection of Consolidated Payments of Enterprise Income Tax by Enterprises with
          Multi-Location Operations” (Public Notice of the State Administration of Taxation [2012] No. 57). The income tax
          rate applicable to the Company is 25%.


    (2)   Value added tax
          Pursuant to the “Circular regarding the Comprehensive Implementation of the Pilot Programs for Transformation
          from Business Taxes to Value-added Taxes (the “VAT Pilot Programs”)” (Cai Shui [2016] No. 36), the “Circular
          regarding Further Clarification of Relevant Policies Applicable to the Financial Sector in the Comprehensive
          Implementation of the VAT Pilot Programs (Cai Shui [2016] No. 46), the “Supplementary Circular regarding VAT
          Policies Applicable to Transactions between Financial Institutions” (Cai Shui [2016] No. 70) issued by the Ministry
          of Finance (the “MOF”) and the State Administration of Taxation (the “SAT”) of the PRC, effective from 1 May
          2016, the Group is subject to value-added taxes on its income from principal businesses at 6%.


          In accordance with the “Circular regarding the Value-added Taxes Policies for Financial, Real Estate
          Development and Education Ancillary and Other Services” (Cai Shui [2016] No. 140), the “Supplementary Circular
          regarding Issues concerning Value-added Taxes Policies for Asset Management Products” (Cai Shui [2017] No.
          2) and the “Circular on the Relevant Issues concerning Value-added Tax Levied on Asset Management Products”
          (Cai Shui [2017] No. 56), the Group shall pay VAT at rate of 3% for related asset management taxable activities
          undertaken after 1 January 2018.


    (3)   Vehicle and vessel taxes, property taxes and stamp duties are levied in accordance with the provisions of the
          relevant tax laws and regulations.


    (4)   Urban maintenance and construction taxes, education surcharges and local education surcharges are levied at
          7%, 3% and 2%, respectively, of the payable amount of relevant turnover taxes.




                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report    251
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




6     OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
      For management purposes, the Group’s operating businesses are structured and managed separately according to
      the nature of their operations and the services they provide. Each of the Group’s operating segments represents a
      strategic business engaged in the following activities, which are subject to risks and returns that are different from the
      other operating segments.


      Investment Banking — Securities placement and underwriting activities, and financial advisory services;


      Brokerage — Securities and futures dealing and brokerage, as well as the sale of financial products as agent;


      Trading — Equity, fixed income and derivatives trading and market-making, margin financing and securities lending
      and alternative investment activities;


      Asset Management — Asset management services to collective assets management, directive assets management,
      special assets management, fund management and other investment account management; and


      Others — Private equity investment, principal investment, bulk commodity trading and other financial activities.


      Management monitors the results of the Group’s operating segments for the purposes of resource allocation and
      operating decision-making. Operating segment performance is measured consistently, and on the same basis as,
      operating profit or loss in the Group’s consolidated financial statements.


      Income taxes are managed as a whole and are not allocated to operating segments.




252
6   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
                                    Investment                                      Asset
    2020                              banking     Brokerage        Trading management             Others             Total


    Segment revenue and
      other income
      Fee and commission
      income                         6,055,538    16,504,043       283,604      8,435,563        537,590     31,816,338
      Interest income                     569      3,494,738    11,627,692        173,273        231,491     15,527,763
      Investment income                    (85)     204,486     13,095,117      1,275,942      3,331,199     17,906,659
      Other income                      (2,965)     231,885       (437,319)       178,329      6,648,195      6,618,125


    Subtotal                         6,053,057    20,435,152    24,569,094     10,063,107     10,748,475     71,868,885


    Operating expenses               2,947,251    13,865,482    21,883,772      5,350,113      7,937,566     51,984,184
      Including: Finance costs              —       809,353     11,429,269         44,257        657,918     12,940,797
                 Expected
                    credit losses           —          2,365     6,525,226        129,292         (76,226)    6,580,657
                 Impairment
                    losses on
                    other assets            —        23,677             —         149,784        321,620        495,081


    Operating profit                 3,105,806     6,569,670     2,685,322      4,712,994      2,810,909     19,884,701
    Share of profits and losses
      of associates and
      joint ventures                        —             —             —              —         585,757        585,757


    Profit before income tax         3,105,806     6,569,670     2,685,322      4,712,994      3,396,666     20,470,458


    Income tax expenses                                                                                       4,953,917


    Profit for the year                                                                                      15,516,541


    Other segment information:
      Depreciation and
      amortisation                      73,072      806,244         65,187        195,697        467,157      1,607,357
      Capital expenditure              214,044      204,996         90,514         87,426         12,722        609,702




                                                               CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     253
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




6     OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (Continued)
                                         Investment                                      Asset
       2019                                   banking     Brokerage      Trading   management       Others        Total


       Segment revenue and
         other income
         Fee and commission
         income                           4,625,004      10,143,485     229,590      6,073,111    443,852    21,515,042
         Interest income                       2,819      2,782,485    9,952,168      200,280     319,304    13,257,056
         Investment income                         —        53,789    11,582,673     1,035,371   3,219,537   15,891,370
         Other income                          (2,496)      79,975      284,945       122,993    5,931,477    6,416,894


       Subtotal                           4,625,327      13,059,734   22,049,376     7,431,755   9,914,170   57,080,362


       Operating expenses                 2,560,503      10,986,864   15,607,390     3,785,116   7,946,974   40,886,847
         Including: Finance costs                 70       577,722     9,654,927       39,543     940,204    11,212,466
                    Expected
                       credit losses               —           781     1,522,795            —     368,004     1,891,580
                    Impairment
                       losses on
                       other assets           38,270       524,152            —        67,918      68,476      698,816


       Operating profit                   2,064,824       2,072,870    6,441,986     3,646,639   1,967,196   16,193,515
       Share of profits and losses
         of associates and
         joint ventures                            —             —            —             —     801,121      801,121


       Profit before income tax           2,064,824       2,072,870    6,441,986     3,646,639   2,768,317   16,994,636


       Income tax expenses                                                                                    4,346,200


       Profit for the year                                                                                   12,648,436


       Other segment information:
         Depreciation and
         amortisation                          4,702       742,901       67,694       206,257     516,844     1,538,398
         Capital expenditure                  72,871       219,969       37,198        81,078      17,482      428,598




254
7   INTEREST INCOME

                                                                                                      2020                2019


    Interest income on margin and other financing                                               9,306,943         7,717,513
    Bank interest income                                                                        4,810,935         4,373,109
    Interest income on debt instruments at fair value through
      other comprehensive income                                                                1,138,889         1,021,226
    Others                                                                                        270,996           145,208


    Total                                                                                      15,527,763        13,257,056


8   INVESTMENT INCOME

                                                                                                      2020                2019


    Net gains from financial assets at fair value through
      profit or loss (Mandatory)                                                               58,127,131        20,393,092
    Net gains from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (Designated)           3,702,012         3,428,434
    Net gains from disposal of debt instruments at fair value through
      other comprehensive income                                                                  216,476           259,572
    Dividend income from financial assets at fair value through
      other comprehensive income                                                                        —         1,029,070
    Net losses from financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                  (7,555,885)       (4,844,312)
    Net losses from derivatives and others                                                    (36,583,075)        (4,374,486)


    Total                                                                                      17,906,659        15,891,370


9   OTHER INCOME

                                                                                                      2020                2019


    Lease income                                                                                  343,322           295,952
    Foreign exchange (losses)/gains                                                               (329,368)         236,839
    Government grants                                                                             202,628           149,788
    Others                                                                                        320,698           218,299


    Total                                                                                         537,280           900,878




                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report    255
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




10 OPERATING EXPENSES

                                                                                        2020         2019


       Fee and commission expenses:
          — Commission expenses                                                     4,857,061    3,182,791
          — Others                                                                   195,230      310,072


       Total                                                                        5,052,291    3,492,863



                                                                                        2020         2019


       Finance costs:
          — Due to banks and other financial institutions                           4,972,665    3,977,093
          — Debt instruments issued and short-term financing instruments payable    6,471,605    5,942,600
          — Customer brokerage deposits                                              654,542      504,728
          — Others                                                                   841,985      788,045


       Total                                                                       12,940,797   11,212,466



                                                                                        2020         2019


       Staff costs (including directors’, supervisors’ and
          senior executives’ remuneration):
          — Salaries and bonuses                                                   12,815,344   10,705,556
          — Staff benefits                                                          1,338,712    1,460,515
          — Contributions to defined contribution schemes (i)                        583,504      275,377


       Total                                                                       14,737,560   12,441,448




256
10 OPERATING EXPENSES (Continued)
   (i)   Retirement benefits are included herein and their nature is described below:
         Full-time employees of the Group in Mainland China are covered by various government-sponsored retirement
         plans, under which the employees are entitled to a monthly pension. Relevant government agencies determine
         the amount of pension benefits and are responsible for the related pension liabilities to eligible retired employees.
         The Group is required to make monthly contributions to the government related to these government-sponsored
         retirement plans for active employees. The Group has no obligation for post-retirement benefits beyond these
         contributions, which are expensed as incurred.


         In addition, the Group participates in various defined contribution retirement schemes for its qualified employees
         in certain countries or regions outside of Mainland China.


                                                                                                                  2020                2019


               Other operating expenses:
                 — Fund distribution and administration                                                       930,946           670,957
                 — Electronic device operating expenditure                                                    730,806           678,470
                 — Right-of-use asset depreciation                                                            667,013           609,500
                 — Consulting expense                                                                         380,155           375,535
                 — Amortization of intangible assets                                                          295,905           285,678
                 — Postal and communication                                                                   292,950           265,098
                 — Travel expenses                                                                            245,641           451,991
                 — Marketing and promotion                                                                    240,055           205,667
                 — Rental                                                                                     223,799           235,070
                 — Investor protection fund                                                                   154,265           127,186
                 — Auditors’ remuneration (i)                                                                   38,451            39,717
                 — Others                                                                                   1,461,259         1,156,051


               Total                                                                                        5,661,245         5,100,920

         (i)       Which include audit service fees of RMB27 million (2019: RMB31 million).




                                                                                CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report    257
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




11 DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND SENIOR EXECUTIVES’ REMUNERATION
      Details of the directors’, supervisors’ and senior executives’ remuneration before tax, as disclosed pursuant to
      the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited and the Hong Kong
      Companies Ordinance, are as follows:


                                                                                                             2020
                                                                                                                             Contribution               Total
                                                                      Salaries and     Discretionary                        to retirement     remuneration
       Name             Position                                       allowances           bonuses                 Fees benefit schemes          before tax
                                                                                (1)               (2)                 (3)              (4) (5)=(1)+(2)+(3)+(4)


       Zhang Youjun  Executive Director, Chairman and Member of              2,394               121             2,400                   —              4,915
                        the Executive Committee
       Yang Minghui  Executive Director, President and Member of             2,161               144             7,630                   —              9,935
                        the Executive Committee
       Wang Shuhui   Non-executive Director                                     —                 —                 —                   —                  —
       Liu Ke        Independent non-executive director                         —                 —                 —                  150                150
       He Jia        Independent non-executive director                         —                 —                 —                  150                150
       Zhou Zhonghui Independent non-executive director                         —                 —                 —                  150                150
       Zhang Changyi Supervisor, Chairman of the Supervisory                 1,546               176             1,800                  —               3,522
                        Committee
       Guo Zhao      Supervisor                                                 —                 —                 —                  100                100
       Rao Geping    Supervisor                                                 —                 —                 —                  100                100
       Li Ning       Supervisor representing Employees                       1,279               106             1,875                  —               3,260
       Niu Xuekun    Supervisor representing Employees                         757                94             1,160                  —               2,011
       Ma Yao        Member of the Executive Committee                       1,563               202             9,200                  —              10,965
       Xue Jirui     Member of the Executive Committee                       1,565               202             8,800                  —              10,567
       Yang Bing     Member of the Executive Committee                       1,563               202             8,400                  —              10,165
       Li Chunbo     Member of the Executive Committee                       1,565               202             7,600                  —               9,367
       Zou Yingguang Member of the Executive Committee                       1,557               202             8,100                  —               9,859
       Li Yongjin    Member of the Executive Committee                       1,565               196             6,600                  —               8,361
       Li Jiong      Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer                      1,565               202             7,000                  —               8,767
       Song Qunli    Chief Engineer                                          1,444               184             4,700                  —               6,328
       Zhang Hao     Chief Marketing Officer                                 1,600               104             7,850                  —               9,554
       Wang Junfeng Board Secretary                                            596               142                —                   —                 738
       Zhang Guoming Compliance Officer, Chief Risk Management               1,445               184             4,150                  —               5,779
                        Officer
       Ye Xinjiang   Senior Management Members                               1,455               216             5,350                   —              7,021
       Jin Jianhua   Senior Management Members                               1,560               198             5,700                   —              7,458
       Sun Yi        Senior Management Members                               1,745               202             5,850                   —              7,797
       Gao Yuxiang   Senior Management Members                               1,565               202             9,000                   —             10,767
       Zheng Jing    Former Board Secretary, Company Secretary                 187                12             1,400                   —              1,599

                                                                            30,677             3,493           114,565                 650            149,385


      Note: Certain of these independent non-executive directors act as representative directors of the Company in the board of certain subsidiaries and they
            do not receive any directors’ remuneration from these subsidiaries. Related amounts were received by the Company.




258
11 DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND SENIOR EXECUTIVES’ REMUNERATION (Continued)
   During the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, no special emoluments were paid by the Group to any of the
   persons who are directors or supervisors as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for
   loss of office. There were no other retirement benefits for directors or supervisors.


   During the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, there were no consideration provided to third parties for making
   available directors’ or supervisor’s services.


   During the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, no significant transactions, arrangements and contracts in
   relation to the Group’s business to which the Company was a party and in which a director of the Company had
   a material interest, whether directly or indirectly, subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the year.
   In addition, the Group did not provide any the guarantees or securities to certain controlled body corporates and
   connected entities of the Directors or Supervisors in respect of their loan, quasi-loans or credit transactions.


                                                                                                     2019
                                                                                                                     Contribution to                 Total
                                                                  Salaries and       Discretionary                 retirement benefit       remuneration
    Name            Position                                       allowances            bonuses            Fees           schemes              before tax
                                                                           (1)                 (2)           (3)                  (4)   (5)=(1)+(2)+(3)+(4)


    Zhang Youjun    Executive Director, Chairman and Member of
                       the Executive Committee                          2,387               2,400             —                  164                4,951
    Yang Minghui    Executive Director, President and Member of
                       the Executive Committee                          2,147               7,600             —                  152                9,899
    He Jia          Independent Non-executive Director                     —                   —            156                   —                   156
    Liu Ke          Independent Non-executive Director                     —                   —            156                   —                   156
    Zhou Zhonghui   Independent Non-executive Director                     —                   —             91                   —                     91
    Rao Geping      Supervisor                                             —                   —            100                   —                   100
    Guo Zhao        Supervisor                                             —                   —            100                   —                   100
    Ma Yao          Member of the Executive Committee                   1,546               8,250             —                  122                9,918
    Xue Jirui       Member of the Executive Committee                   1,547               8,500             —                  122               10,169
    Yang Bing       Member of the Executive Committee                   1,546               9,650             —                  122               11,318
    Li Chunbo       Member of the Executive Committee                   1,547               7,500             —                  122                9,169
    Zou Yingguang   Member of the Executive Committee                   1,547               5,000             —                  122                6,669
    Li Yongjin      Member of the Executive Committee                   1,547               6,250             —                  122                7,919
    Li Jiong        Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer                  1,547               6,500             —                  122                8,169
    Song Qunli      Chief Engineer, (Chief Information Officer)         1,427               2,250             —                  116                3,793
    Zhang Hao       Chief Marketing Officer                             1,597               7,300             —                   49                8,946
    Zhang Guoming Compliance Officer, Chief Risk Management
                       Officer                                          1,427               4,250             —                  116                5,793
    Ye Xinjiang     Senior Management Members                           1,536               7,000             —                   98                8,634
    Jin Jianhua     Senior Management Members                           1,546               7,550             —                  122                9,218




                                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report                  259
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




11 DIRECTORS’, SUPERVISORS’ AND SENIOR EXECUTIVES’ REMUNERATION (Continued)
                                                                                                  2019
                                                                                                                  Contribution to                 Total
                                                                   Salaries and   Discretionary                 retirement benefit       remuneration
       Name            Position                                     allowances        bonuses            Fees           schemes              before tax
                                                                            (1)             (2)           (3)                  (4)   (5)=(1)+(2)+(3)+(4)


       Sun Yi          Senior Management Members                         1,827           7,975             —                  122                9,924
       Gao Yuxiang     Senior Management Members                         1,547           9,000             —                  122               10,669
       Ge Xiaobo       Former Chief Financial Officer, Former
                          Member of the Executive Committee, and
                          Former Chief Risk Management Officer             515           2,500             —                   43                3,058
       Tang Zhenyi     Former Member of the Executive Committee            607             321             —                   29                  957
       Cai Jian        Former Chief Risk Management Officer                234           2,550             —                   11                2,795
       Zheng Jing      Former Board Secretary, Former Company
                          Secretary                                      1,109           2,700             —                  100                3,909
       Kuang Tao       Former Non-executive Director                        —               —              —                   —                     —
       Chan, Charles
         Sheung Wai    Former Independent Non-executive Director            —               —             41                   —                     41
       Liu Hao         Former Supervisor, Former Supervisor and
                          Chairman of the Supervisory Committee          1,287           1,150             —                  100                2,537
       Lei Yong        Former Supervisor representing Employees          1,058           2,303             —                   97                3,458
       Yang Zhenyu     Former Supervisor representing Employees            880           1,560             —                   89                2,529


                                                                        31,958        120,059            644                2,384              155,045


12 FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
      The Group’s five highest paid employees during the year did not include directors and supervisors (2019: did not
      include directors and supervisors). Details of the remuneration of the five (2019: five) non-director and non-supervisor
      highest paid employees for the year are as follows:


                                                                                                                      2020                      2019


       Salaries, allowances and other benefits                                                                     15,138                    62,802
       Discretionary bonuses                                                                                       52,950                    40,794
       Termination compensation                                                                                           —                         —


       Total                                                                                                       68,088                  103,596




260
12 FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES (Continued)
   The number of these individuals whose remuneration fell within the following bands is set out below:


                                                                                                             Number of employees
                                                                                                                    2020                  2019


    RMB12,000,001 to RMB13,000,000                                                                                       2                   —
    RMB13,000,001 to RMB14,000,000                                                                                       2                    2
    RMB14,000,001 to RMB15,000,000                                                                                      —                    —
    RMB15,000,001 to RMB16,000,000                                                                                       1                   —
    RMB16,000,001 to RMB17,000,000                                                                                      —                     1
    RMB17,000,001 to RMB20,000,000                                                                                      —                    —
    RMB20,000,001 to RMB30,000,000                                                                                      —                     1
    RMB30,000,001 to RMB40,000,000                                                                                      —                     1


    Total                                                                                                                5                    5


   Note: during the year of 2020, the emoluments paid by the Group to these non-director and non-supervisor individuals were based on the services
         provided to the Group by these individuals.


13 EXPECTED CREDIT LOSSES

                                                                                                                    2020                  2019


    Reverse repurchase agreements                                                                             4,879,272               790,521
    Margin accounts                                                                                             710,869               359,728
    Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
       (debt instruments)                                                                                       555,224               224,813
    Other assets                                                                                                334,340               516,518
    Others                                                                                                      100,952                      —


    Total                                                                                                     6,580,657            1,891,580


14 IMPAIRMENT LOSSES ON OTHER ASSETS

                                                                                                                    2020                  2019


    Impairment losses on goodwill (Note 21)                                                                       81,486              528,479
    Impairment losses on investment property                                                                      91,970               67,837
    Impairment losses on bulk commodity trading inventory                                                       321,619                68,476
    Others                                                                                                               6             34,024


    Total                                                                                                       495,081               698,816


                                                                            CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report             261
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




15 INCOME TAX EXPENSE
      (a)   Income tax


                                                                                                      2020              2019


             Current income tax expense
                Mainland China                                                                  8,260,481          4,605,569
                Outside Mainland China                                                            398,083            112,269
             Deferred income tax expense                                                        (3,704,647)         (371,638)


             Total                                                                              4,953,917          4,346,200


      (b)   Reconciliation between income tax and accounting profit
            The PRC income tax has been provided at the statutory rate of 25%, in accordance with the relevant tax laws
            in Mainland China. Taxes on profits assessable elsewhere have been calculated at the applicable rates of tax
            prevailing in the countries/regions in which the Group operates, based on existing legislation, interpretations and
            practices in respect thereof. The reconciliation of the income tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the
            PRC statutory income tax rate to income tax expense at the Group’s effective income tax rate is as follows:


                                                                                                      2020              2019


             Profit before income tax                                                          20,470,458        16,994,636


             Tax at the PRC statutory income tax rate                                           5,117,614          4,248,659
             Effects of different applicable rates of tax prevailing in various regions              3,937           (18,171)
             Non-deductible expenses                                                              262,995            102,080
             Non-taxable income                                                                   (783,432)         (391,267)
             Adjustments in respect of current and deferred income tax of prior years             348,560            101,855
             Others                                                                                  4,243           303,044


             Tax expense at the Group’s effective income tax rate                               4,953,917          4,346,200


16 PROFIT ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE COMPANY
      The consolidated profit attributable to the Company for the year ended 31 December 2020 amounted to
      RMB12,342 million (2019: RMB11,701 million), which has been dealt with in the financial statements of the Company
      (Note 59).




262
17 DIVIDENDS

                                                                                                2020                2019


    Dividends on ordinary shares proposed but not paid                                    5,170,710         6,463,388


    Dividends on ordinary shares paid                                                     6,463,388         4,240,918


   Dividends on ordinary shares proposed for approval were RMB0.40 yuan per share for the year ended 31 December
   2020 (2019: RMB0.50 yuan per share).


   Dividends proposed by the directors are not deducted from equity, until they have been approved by the shareholders
   in the general meeting. When these dividends have been approved by the shareholders and declared, they are
   recognised as a liability.


18 EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO OWNERS OF THE PARENT

   The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:


                                                                                                2020                2019


    Earnings:
    Profit attributable to Owners of the Parent                                          14,902,324        12,228,610


    Shares:
    Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue (thousand)                       12,860,212        12,116,908


    Basic and diluted earnings per share (in RMB yuan)                                          1.16                1.01


   Basic earnings per share was calculated by dividing profit for the year attributable to Owners of the Parent by the
   weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding.


   There were no dilutive shares during the year ended 31 December 2020 (2019: None).




                                                              CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report    263
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




19 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                    Properties Communication       Office                   Security    Electronic                            Construction
                                  and buildings  equipment     equipment     Vehicles     equipment       devices     Others      Subtotal     in progress         Total


       31 December 2020

       Cost
        31 December 2019             6,119,346       79,515      296,998     2,539,496         7,254    2,519,159     37,975    11,599,743         294,311    11,894,054
        Increases                       10,467        2,336       17,652         5,664         6,175      294,411         33       336,738         267,436       604,174
        Decreases                       (9,565)      (1,285)     (14,637)       (1,879)       (2,946)    (135,260)    (1,207)     (166,779)        (79,403)     (246,182)
        Effect of exchange
         rate changes                  (10,351)      (4,200)       (3,886)    (153,894)           —        (74,026)     (126)     (246,483)             —       (246,483)

         31 December 2020            6,109,897       76,366      296,127     2,389,387       10,483     2,604,284     36,675    11,523,219         482,344    12,005,563

       Accumulated depreciation
         31 December 2019            1,110,234       69,553      264,353      457,181          4,807    2,194,246     31,571     4,131,945              —      4,131,945
         Increases                     185,891        4,577       22,104      135,639          6,211      258,011      3,977       616,410              —        616,410
         Decreases                      (9,679)      (1,245)     (14,373)      (1,885)        (2,818)    (131,650)      (800)     (162,450)             —       (162,450)
         Effect of exchange
         rate changes                   (7,159)      (3,870)       (2,841)     (32,284)           —        (66,667)      (43)     (112,864)             —       (112,864)

         31 December 2020            1,279,287       69,015      269,243      558,651          8,200    2,253,940     34,705     4,473,041              —      4,473,041

       Allowances for
         impairment
         31 December 2019                   —            —           106            —             —           247         —            353              —            353
         Increases                       1,525           —            —             —             —            —          —          1,525              —          1,525
         Decreases                          —            —            —             —             —            —          —             —               —             —
         Effect of exchange
         rate changes                       —            —             —            —             —              3        —              3              —              3

         31 December 2020                1,525           —           106            —             —           250         —          1,881              —          1,881

       Net carrying amount
        31 December 2020             4,829,085        7,351       26,778     1,830,736         2,283      350,094      1,970     7,048,297         482,344     7,530,641


         31 December 2019            5,009,112        9,962       32,539     2,082,315         2,447      324,666      6,404     7,467,445         294,311     7,761,756




264
19 PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT (Continued)
                                   Properties Communication        Office                   Security   Electronic                           Construction
                                and buildings     equipment    equipment     Vehicles     equipment      devices    Others      Subtotal     in progress        Total


    31 December 2019


    Cost
     31 December 2018             6,147,103          73,696     290,035     2,502,858         6,857    2,372,836    40,781    11,434,166        316,611    11,750,777
     Increases                        35,280          6,518      18,971             4           731     185,114        61       246,679          66,551      313,230
     Decreases                       (66,128)        (1,824)     (13,580)      (2,095)         (334)     (60,173)   (3,119)     (147,253)       (88,851)     (236,104)
     Effect of exchange
      rate changes                     3,091          1,125        1,572      38,729             —       21,382       252        66,151              —        66,151


     31 December 2019             6,119,346          79,515     296,998     2,539,496         7,254    2,519,159    37,975    11,599,743        294,311    11,894,054


    Accumulated depreciation
     31 December 2018               950,407          66,328     257,278      321,563          4,197    2,074,749    30,022     3,704,544             —      3,704,544
     Increases                      182,856           3,555      19,207      132,027            911     152,815      4,056      495,427              —       495,427
     Decreases                       (25,070)        (1,360)     (13,484)      (1,942)         (301)     (52,612)   (2,725)      (97,494)            —        (97,494)
     Effect of exchange
      rate changes                     2,041          1,030        1,352       5,533             —       19,294       218        29,468              —        29,468


     31 December 2019             1,110,234          69,553     264,353      457,181          4,807    2,194,246    31,571     4,131,945             —      4,131,945


    Allowances for impairment
     31 December 2018                     —              —            —            —             —            —         —             —              —             —
     Increases                            —              —          106            —             —           237        —           343              —           343
     Decreases                            —              —            —            —             —            —         —             —              —             —
     Effect of exchange
      rate changes                        —              —            —            —             —            10        —             10             —             10


     31 December 2019                     —              —          106            —             —           247        —           353              —           353


    Net carrying amount
     31 December 2019             5,009,112           9,962      32,539     2,082,315         2,447     324,666      6,404     7,467,445        294,311     7,761,756


     31 December 2018             5,196,696           7,368      32,757     2,181,295         2,660     298,087     10,759     7,729,622        316,611     8,046,233




                                                                                         CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report                    265
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




20 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES
                                                   Properties and
       31 December 2020                                 Buildings


       Cost
          31 December 2019                              1,550,288
          Increases                                            —
          Decreases                                       (69,966)
          Effect of exchange rate changes                  (9,617)


          31 December 2020                              1,470,705


       Accumulated depreciation and amortisation
          31 December 2019                               225,532
          Increases                                       38,518
          Decreases                                        (2,768)
          Effect of exchange rate changes                    (754)


          31 December 2020                               260,528


       Allowances for impairment
          31 December 2019                                70,023
          Increases                                      102,416
          Decreases                                       (10,447)
          Effect of exchange rate changes                 (12,026)


          31 December 2020                               149,966


       Net carrying amount
          31 December 2020                              1,060,211


          31 December 2019                              1,254,733




266
20 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES (Continued)
                                                                                          Properties and
    31 December 2019                                                                            Buildings


    Cost
      31 December 2018                                                                        1,506,262
      Increases                                                                                   44,532
      Decreases                                                                                  (23,828)
      Effect of exchange rate changes                                                             23,322


      31 December 2019                                                                        1,550,288


    Accumulated depreciation and amortisation
      31 December 2018                                                                          173,754
      Increases                                                                                   51,928
      Decreases                                                                                        (539)
      Effect of exchange rate changes                                                                  389


      31 December 2019                                                                          225,532


    Allowances for impairment
      31 December 2018                                                                                   —
      Increases                                                                                   67,837
      Decreases                                                                                          —
      Effect of exchange rate changes                                                                 2,186


      31 December 2019                                                                            70,023


    Net carrying amount
      31 December 2019                                                                        1,254,733


      31 December 2018                                                                        1,332,508




                                                CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     267
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




21 GOODWILL
                                                                                                                     31 December
                                                                                                                      2020                 2019


          Carrying amount at the beginning of the year:
            Cost                                                                                              10,952,310           10,884,922
            Less: Accumulated impairment                                                                         (929,486)            (377,427)


            Net carrying amount                                                                               10,022,824           10,507,495


          Movements during the year:
            Additions and effect of exchange rate changes*                                                        773,015               67,388
            Impairment and effect of exchange rate changes*                                                        (19,141)           (552,059)


          Carrying amount at the end of the year:
            Cost                                                                                              11,725,325           10,952,310
            Less: Accumulated impairment                                                                         (948,627)            (929,486)


            Net carrying amount                                                                               10,776,698           10,022,824


      *       Amount to RMB-62 million was caused by foreign exchange fluctuation in goodwill accumulated impairment for the year ended 31 December
              2020 (Year ended 31 December 2019: RMB24 million).



                                                                                                                     31 December
                                                                                                                      2020                 2019


          China Asset Management Company Limited                                                                7,418,587            7,418,587
          CITIC Securities International Company Limited        (1)
                                                                                                                2,059,837            2,273,059
          CITIC Securities Overseas Investment Company Limited(2)                                                        —                  635
          CITIC Futures Company Limited                                                                           193,826              193,826
          CITIC Securities (Shandong) Company Limited                                                               88,675              88,675
          CITIC Securities Company Limited                                                                          43,500              43,500
          Xin Jiang Equity Exchange Centre Limited                                                                   4,542                4,542
          CITIC Securities South China Company Limited                                                            967,731                     —


          Total                                                                                               10,776,698           10,022,824




268
21 GOODWILL (Continued)
   (1)   As at 31 December 2020, the net carrying amount of the goodwill arising from CITIC Securities International Co.,
         Ltd.’s acquisition of CLSA was RMB1,874 million (31 December 2019: RMB2,004 million).


         The Group tests whether goodwill has suffered any impairment on an annual basis. The recoverable amount is
         the higher of an asset’s fair value less costs of disposal and value in use (“VIU”).


         The fair value less costs of disposal approach was based on fair value of asset groups and costs of disposal.
         The VIU approach was performed by applying a discounted cash flow (“DCF”) model based on operation plans
         of management and an adjusted discount rate. Cash flows beyond the forecast period have been extrapolated
         using a sustainable growth rate and a closing value. In 2020, discount rates used by the Group ranged from 9.90
         % to 20.00% (2019: 11.00% to 16.00%) and growth rates for the forecast period ranged from 2.00 % to 20.00
         % (2019: 2.00% to 21.11%).


   (2)   The recoverable amount of CLSA Premium Limited (formerly known as KVB Kunlun Financial Group Limited)
         was lower than the carrying amount, and an impairment loss of RMB0.63 million (2019: RMB490 million) was
         recognised.




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   269
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




22 LAND-USE RIGHTS AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                              Intangible assets

                                     Seats on stock         Software        Customer                     Land-use
                                         exchanges       development     relationships    Trademarks        rights        Total


       31 December 2020


       Cost
         31 December 2019                     130,670       1,512,048       1,415,667        296,822     2,273,423    5,628,630
         Increases                              4,999        336,759              4,241            —        6,200      352,199
         Decreases                             (1,200)       (118,105)               —             —        (7,187)    (126,492)
         Effect of exchange
         rate changes                          (2,875)        (39,934)        (83,295)        (19,159)          —      (145,263)


         31 December 2020                     131,594       1,690,768       1,336,613        277,663     2,272,436    5,709,074


       Accumulated amortisation
         31 December 2019                     100,505       1,248,929         902,062              —      266,924     2,518,420
         Increases                              4,140        254,187          143,029              —       58,981      460,337
         Decreases                             (1,200)        (57,808)               —             —          (987)     (59,995)
         Effect of exchange
         rate changes                          (1,247)        (39,163)        (61,182)             —            —      (101,592)


         31 December 2020                     102,198       1,406,145         983,909              —      324,918     2,817,170


       Allowance for impairment
         31 December 2019                       1,503         36,079                 —             —            —       37,582
         Increases                                 —                6                —             —            —             6
         Decreases                                 —               —                 —             —            —            —
         Effect of exchange
         rate changes                              (3)           (684)               —             —            —          (687)


         31 December 2020                       1,500         35,401                 —             —            —       36,901


       Net carrying amount
         31 December 2020                      27,896        249,222          352,704        277,663     1,947,518    2,855,003


         31 December 2019                      28,662        227,040          513,605        296,822     2,006,499    3,072,628




270
22 LAND-USE RIGHTS AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)
                                                      Intangible assets

                               Seats on stock       Software         Customer                     Land-use
                                  exchanges      development      relationships     Trademarks       rights            Total


    31 December 2019


    Cost
     31 December 2018                132,526       1,401,579         1,373,575        292,033    2,261,433      5,461,146
     Increases                             —         99,696                21,622           —       11,990        133,308
     Decreases                         (2,871)          (433)                  —            —           —             (3,304)
     Effect of exchange
      rate changes                     1,015         11,206                20,470        4,789          —             37,480


     31 December 2019                130,670       1,512,048         1,415,667        296,822    2,273,423      5,628,630


    Accumulated amortisation
     31 December 2018                 99,886       1,143,586              736,266           —      208,018      2,187,756
     Increases                           120         95,256               152,887           —       58,906        307,169
     Decreases                            (11)          (363)                  —            —           —               (374)
     Effect of exchange
      rate changes                       510         10,450                12,909           —           —             23,869


     31 December 2019                100,505       1,248,929              902,062           —      266,924      2,518,420


    Allowance for impairment
     31 December 2018                  1,496           2,471                   —            —           —              3,967
     Increases                             —         33,681                    —            —           —             33,681
     Decreases                             —              —                    —            —           —                 —
     Effect of exchange
      rate changes                          7            (73)                  —            —           —                (66)


     31 December 2019                  1,503         36,079                    —            —           —             37,582


    Net carrying amount
     31 December 2019                 28,662        227,040               513,605     296,822    2,006,499      3,072,628


     31 December 2018                 31,144        255,522               637,309     292,033    2,053,415      3,269,423




                                                                CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     271
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




22 LAND-USE RIGHTS AND INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)
      The Company and its wholly owned subsidiary GoldStone ZeXin Investment Management Co., Ltd. (hereinafter
      referred to as “GoldStone ZeXin”) jointly bid for certain of land-use rights in Shenzhen in January 2014. GoldStone
      ZeXin is engaged in, among other business activities, real estate development. The Company and GoldStone ZeXin
      obtained the land-use rights certificate in August 2015. GoldStone ZeXin obtained a bank loan in September 2015,
      which is secured over the land-use rights held by the Company and GoldStone ZeXin and guaranteed by GoldStone
      Investment Co., Ltd., the immediate holding company of GoldStone ZeXin. The bank loan was paid off at 1 April 2019
      and the pledge over the land-use rights had been released as at 31 December 2020.


      The portion of the land-use right attributable to GoldStone ZeXin for real estate development is classified under other
      non-current assets (Note 29), and the portion attributable to the Company is classified under land-use rights.


23 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
      Company
                                                                                                                              31 December
                                                                                                                               2020                      2019


       Unlisted shares, at cost                                                                                       45,091,317                33,943,279

      Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:

      (a)   Principal subsidiaries acquired through establishment or investment
                                                        Place of
                                                        incorporation/                                                                           Attributable
                                                        registration and       Registered                                  Amount invested      equity interest
             Name of subsidiaries                       operations           share capital    Principal activities          by the company      Direct Indirect


             GoldStone Investment Co., Ltd.             Mainland China        RMB3 billion    Direct investment,               RMB1.7 billion    100%        —
              (金石投資有限公司)                                                                        investment advisory
                                                                                                and management
             CITIC Securities International Co., Ltd.   Hong Kong            Not applicable   Holding company            HK$ 6,516.05 million    100%        —
               (中信証券國際有限公司)
             CITIC Securities Investment Ltd.           Mainland China       RMB14 billion    Financial product                RMB14 billion     100%        —
               (中信証券投資有限公司)                                                                     investment, securities
                                                                                                investment, equity
                                                                                                investment
             CITICS Global Absolute Return Fund         Cayman Islands       Not applicable   Offshore portfolio hedge          US$327,570      57.73%   42.27%
                                                                                                fund, investment fund
             CITIC Securities Finance 2013 Co., Ltd.    The British Virgin   Not applicable   Bond issuance                            US$1         —     100%
                                                          Islands
             CITIC Securities Finance MTN Co., Ltd.     The British Virgin   Not applicable   Bond issuance                            US$1         —     100%
                                                          Islands
             CITIC Securities Regal Holding Limited     The British Virgin   Not applicable   Holding company                          US$1         —     100%
                                                          Islands
             CITIC Securities Qingdao Training Centre   Mainland China        RMB1 million    Business training                 RMB1 million      70%      30%
               (青島中信証券培訓中心)




272
23 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   (a)   Principal subsidiaries acquired through establishment or investment (Continued)
                                                                 Place of
                                                                 incorporation/                                                                         Attributable
                                                                 registration and        Registered                                Amount invested     equity interest
               Name of subsidiaries                              operations            share capital   Principal activities         by the company     Direct Indirect


               CITIC Securities Information and                  Mainland China       RMB10 million    Information technology          RMB10 million    100%         —
                  Quantitative Service (Shenzhen) Co., Ltd.                                               development,
                  (中信証券信息與量化服務(深圳)有限責任公司)                                                                 technical consulting
               CITIC Securities Overseas Investment              Hong Kong            Not applicable   Holding, investment           HK$0.01 million    100%         —
                  Company Limited
                  (中信証券海外投資有限公司)
               Jintong Securities Co., Ltd.                      Mainland China      RMB135 million    Securities brokerage            RMB35 million    100%         —
                  (金通證券有限責任公司)
               CITICS Investment Services Company Limited        Mainland China      RMB100 million    Investment                    RMB100 million     100%         —
                  (中信中證投資服務有限責任公司)                                                                       management, advisory
                                                                                                         service, finance
                                                                                                         outsourcing service
               Xin Jiang Equity Exchange Limited                 Mainland China      RMB110 million    Financial services              RMB60 million   54.55%        —
                 (新疆股權交易中心有限公司)
               Qingdao GoldStone Storm Investment Consulting     Mainland China      RMB50.1 million   Investment                    RMB50.1 million       —     100%
                 Company Limited                                                                         management, advisory
                 (青島金石暴風投資諮詢有限公司)                                                                        services
               Qingdao GoldStone Runhui Investment Management    Mainland China      RMB10.1 million   Investment                    RMB10.1 million       —     100%
                 Company Limited                                                                         management, advisory
                 (青島金石潤匯投資管理有限公司)                                                                        services, investment
                                                                                                         with self-owned
                                                                                                         capital
               Qingdao GoldStone Haorui Investment               Mainland China      RMB805 million    Investment                   RMB2,000 million       —     100%
                 Company Limited                                                                         management, advisory
                 (青島金石灝汭投資有限公司)                                                                          services, investment
                                                                                                         with self-owned
                                                                                                         capital
               Jinjin Investment (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.             Mainland China      RMB100 million    Investment                    RMB500 million        —     100%
                  (金津投資(天津)有限公司)
               CITIC GoldStone Fund Management                   Mainland China      RMB100 million    Investment                    RMB100 million        —     100%
                  Company Limited
                  (中信金石基金管理有限公司)
               GoldStone ZeXin Investment Management Co., Ltd.   Mainland China     RMB1,000 million   Investment management,       RMB1,000 million       —     100%
                  (金石澤信投資管理有限公司)                                                                          investment advisory,
                                                                                                          investment
                                                                                                          consultancy, fiduciary
                                                                                                          management, equity
                                                                                                          investment, fund, real
                                                                                                          estate.
               CITIC Buyout Fund Management Company Limited      Mainland China      RMB100 million    Investment                    RMB100 million        —     100%
                 (中信併購基金管理有限公司)                                                                           management, advisory
                                                                                                          services
               CITIC Buyout Investment Fund (Shenzhen)           Mainland China       Not applicable   Investment, advisory        RMB887.53 million       —    25.25%(i)
                 (Limited Partnership)                                                                    services
                 (中信併購投資基金(深圳)合夥企業(有限合夥))
               GoldStone Boxin Investment Management Co., Ltd.   Mainland China      RMB500 million    Investment                                —         —    44.42%
                 (金石博信投資管理有限公司)
               Three Gorges GoldStone Private Fund               Mainland China      RMB100 million    Investment management           RMB60 million       —      60%
                 Management Co., Ltd.
                 (三峽金石私募基金管理有限公司)

         (i)         According to the investment contract, the Company believes that it has actual control over the entity.




                                                                                     CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report                          273
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




23 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      (a)   Principal subsidiaries acquired through establishment or investment (Continued)
                                                               Place of
                                                               incorporation/                                                                          Attributable
                                                               registration and            Registered                              Amount invested    equity interest
             Name of subsidiaries                              operations                share capital    Principal activities      by the company    Direct Indirect


             Anhui Xinan M&A Private Fund Management           Mainland China            RMB20 million    Investment management       RMB16 million      —       80%
                Co., Ltd
                (安徽信安併購私募基金管理有限公司)
             Jinshi Fengrui Investment Management (Hangzhou)   Mainland China            RMB30 million    Investment management                  —       —      100%
                Co., Ltd
                (金石灃汭投資管理(杭州)有限公司)
             Anhui Transport Control Jinshi Private Fund       Mainland China            RMB30 million    Investment fund           RMB10.5 million      —       70%
                Management Co., Ltd.                                                                        management
                (安徽交控金石私募基金管理有限公司)
             CITIC Securities Capital Management Co., Ltd      Mainland China         RMB2,000 million    Asset management         RMB1,000 million      —      100%
                (中信中證資本管理有限公司)
             CITIC Yingshi Asset Management Co., Ltd.          Mainland China           RMB200 million    Asset management           RMB100 million      —      100%
                (Shanghai)
                (盈蒔(上海)資產管理有限公司)
             CITIC Global Trade (Shanghai) Company Limited     Mainland China         RMB1,000 million    Bulk commodity trading     RMB400 million      —      100%
                (中証寰球商貿(上海)有限公司)
             CF International Financial Holding                Hong Kong              RMB3,000 million    Holding company          RMB3,000 million      —      100%
                Company Limited
                (信期國際金融控股有限公司)
             CSI Corporate Finance (HK) Limited                Hong Kong                 Not applicable   Investment banking         HK$380 million      —      100%
             CSI AMC Company Limited                           Hong Kong                 Not applicable   Investment service                HK$1         —      100%
             CSI Principal Investment Holding Limited          The British Virgin      US$50 thousand     Holding company                   US$1         —      100%
                                                                 Islands
             CLSA Europe B.V.                                  Netherlands           EUR750 thousand      Investment banking       EUR750 thousand       —      100%
             China Wealth Investment management                Mainland China           RMB20 million     Asset management            RMB20 million      —    62.20%
               Limited Company
               (上海華夏財富投資管理有限公司)
             Xinjiang Micro Finance Service Co., Ltd.          Mainland China       RMB1,820 thousand     Research and             RMB910 thousand       —    54.55%
               (新疆小微金融服務中心有限公司)                                                                             development of
                                                                                                            financial products,
                                                                                                            portfolio design,
                                                                                                            consulting
                                                                                                            services, etc.




274
23 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   (b)   Principal subsidiaries acquired from business combination
                                                               Place of
                                                               incorporation/                                                                             Attributable
                                                               registration and             Registered                               Amount invested     equity interest
          Name of subsidiaries                                 operations                 share capital   Principal activities        by the company     Direct Indirect

          CITIC Securities (Shandong) Co., Ltd.                Mainland China        RMB2,493.8 million   Securities business      RMB1,145.74 million    100%         —
            (中信証券(山東)有限責任公司)
          CITIC Futures Co., Ltd.                              Mainland China         RMB3,600 million    Futures brokerage, asset RMB3,949.23 million    100%         —
            (中信期貨有限公司)                                                                                      management, fund
                                                                                                            distribution
          China Asset Management Co., Ltd.                     Mainland China           RMB238 million    Fund investment          RMB2,663.95 million   62.20%        —
             (華夏基金管理有限公司)
          Tianjin Jingzheng Property Services Co., Limited     Mainland China            RMB0.3 million   Property management       RMB336.86 million     100%         —
             (天津京證物業服務有限公司)                                                                                 and leasing service
          Tianjin Shenzheng Property Services Co., Limited     Mainland China            RMB0.3 million   Property management       RMB244.87 million     100%         —
             (天津深證物業服務有限公司)                                                                                 and leasing service
          CITIC Securities South China Company Limited         Mainland China       RMB5,360.46 million   Securities brokerage        RMB12.17 billion   99.9%       0.1%
             (中信證券華南股份有限公司)
          Guangzhou Securities Hang Seng Securities            Mainland China         RMB44.68 million    Advisory services          RMB44.68 million        —       67%
             yanjiusuo company limited
             (廣州廣證恒生證券研究所有限公司)
          Guangzhou Securities lingxiu investment              Mainland China         RMB1,550 million    Investment management        RMB1.55 billion    100%         —
             company limited
             (廣證領秀投資有限公司)
          Guangzhou Securities chuangxin touzi guanli          Mainland China           RMB500 million    Investment management        RMB500 million        —      100%
             company limited
             (廣州證券創新投資管理有限公司)
          Jinshang (Tianjin) Investment Management Co., Ltd.   Mainland China           RMB12.5 million   Investment                 RMB18.59 million        —      100%
             (金尚(天津)投資管理有限公司)                                                                               management, advisory
                                                                                                            service
          China Asset Management (Hong Kong) Limited           Hong Kong                 HK$200 million   Asset management              HK$200 million       —     62.20%
            (華夏基金(香港)有限公司)
          China AMC Capital Management Limited                 Mainland China           RMB350 million    Asset management,           RMB350 million         —     62.20%
            (華夏資本管理有限公司)                                                                                    financial advisory
          Shenzhen Qianhai Lingxiu Fund Management             Mainland China            RMB10 million    Investment                   RMB10 million         —      100%
            Co., Ltd.                                                                                       management, advisory
            (深圳前海領秀資本投資管理有限公司)                                                                              services
          CLSA B.V. (里昂證券)                                     Netherlands               Not applicable   Investment, holding      US$1,090.30 million       —       100%
          CLSA Premium Limited                                 Cayman Island             Not applicable   Leveraged foreign         HK$780.20 million        —     59.03%
                                                                                                            exchange
                                                                                                            transactions and other
                                                                                                            transactions, cash
                                                                                                            transactions, other
                                                                                                            services
          CSI Capricornus Limited                              The British Virgin      US$50 thousand     Investment, holding                       —        —      100%
                                                                 Islands



   (c)   Net cash flows from disposal of subsidiaries
                                                                                                                                         2020                      2019


          Total consideration                                                                                                         12,550                      21,814


          Cash and cash equivalents received                                                                                          12,550                      21,814
          Cash and cash equivalents in the subsidiaries disposed                                                                        2,897                100,337


          Cash inflow from disposal of subsidiaries                                                                                     9,653                 (78,523)


                                                                                        CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report                          275
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




23 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
      (d)   Net cash flows from acquisition of subsidiaries
                                                                                                   2020              2019


             Total consideration                                                              12,190,346                —
             Cash and cash equivalents paid                                                       11,102                —
             Cash and cash equivalents in the subsidiaries acquired                           13,742,982                —


             Cash inflow from acquisition of subsidiaries                                     13,731,881                —


      (e)   Non-cash financing activities
            The Group had no significant non-cash financing activities during the year ended 31 December 2020.


      (f)   Structured entities included in the consolidated financial statement
            The Group acts as asset manager for or invested in a number of structured entities. Management makes
            significant judgment on whether the Group controls and therefore should consolidate these structured entities.


            Management has determined that the Group had control of certain structured entities based on their assessment
            of the Group’s power over, its exposure to variable returns from its involvement with, and its ability to use
            its power to affect the amount of its returns from these structured entities. 24 of the controlled structured
            entities have been consolidated as at 31 December 2020 (17 of the controlled structured entities have been
            consolidated as at 31 December 2019).


            The fair value identifiable assets of the consolidated structured entities was RMB13,456.91 million (Year ended
            31 December 2019: RMB3,788.17 million). The fair value liabilities of the consolidated structured entities was
            RMB97.64 million (Year ended 31 December 2019: RMB95.23 million).


            The operating results and cash flows of the consolidated structured entities for the year ended 31 December
            2020 and 2019 included in the consolidated financial statements are as follows:


                                                                                                   2020              2019


             Revenue                                                                            224,098           145,550
             Profit for the year                                                                203,527           129,442
             Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                               (958,643)       1,246,686




276
23 INVESTMENTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
   (g)   Details of the Group’s subsidiary with material non-controlling interests is set out below:
         China Asset Management Co., Ltd.


                                                                                                    31 December
                                                                                                     2020                2019


          Percentage of equity interest held by non-controlling interests                         37.80%            37.80%
          Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                            181,420           141,294
          Ending balances of non-controlling interests                                         3,782,391         3,381,013


          Profit for the year attributable to non-controlling interests                          603,864           453,965


         The following tables illustrate the summarised financial information of the above subsidiary:


                                                                                                     2020                2019


          Revenue                                                                              5,549,876         3,988,457
          Profit from continuing operations                                                    1,597,523         1,200,965
          Total comprehensive income for the year                                              1,541,792         1,219,028


          Net cash flows from operating activities                                               790,063           712,078
          Net cash flows from investing activities                                                (54,113)          (66,110)
          Net cash flows used in financing activities                                            (602,676)         (498,782)
          Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                                99,977          150,825



                                                                                                    31 December
                                                                                                     2020                2019


          Current assets                                                                      12,119,386        10,389,129
          Non-current assets                                                                   1,575,232         1,255,955
          Current liabilities                                                                  2,715,255         1,905,783
          Non-current liabilities                                                                973,038           794,822


         As at 31 December 2020, there were no significant restrictions on the ability of the Group to access or use the
         assets and settle the liabilities of the Group’s subsidiaries (2019: Nil).




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report    277
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




24 INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES

                                                                                                                                           31 December
                                                                                                                                           2020                    2019


       Associates                                                                                                                   8,818,599                8,925,954
       Joint ventures                                                                                                                   57,983                  75,129


       Total                                                                                                                        8,876,582                9,001,083


      (a)   Particulars of the Group’s principal associates and joint ventures are as follows:
                                                                 Place of
                                                                 incorporation/           Registered                                       Percentage of     Percentage of
               Name                                              registration           share capital   Principal activities               equity interest    voting rights


               Associates:

               CITIC Private Equity Funds Management Co., Ltd.   Mainland China        RMB1.8 billion   Investment fund                              35%              35%
                 (中信產業投資基金管理有限公司)                                                                         management
               Qingdao Blue Ocean Equity Exchange Limited        Mainland China        RMB50 million    Equity trading                               40%              40%
                 (青島藍海股權交易中心有限責任公司)
               CSC Financial Co., Ltd.                           Mainland China   RMB7,756.69 million   Securities brokerage, securities         4.9357%          4.9357%
                 (中信建投證券股份有限公司)                                                                           investment consulting
               Beijing Agricultural Investment Fund              Mainland China       RMB620 million    Investment                                   32%              32%
                 (Limited Partnership)
                 (北京農業產業投資基金(有限合夥))
               Beijing GoldStone Agricultural Investment Fund    Mainland China        RMB30 million    Fund management                              33%              33%
                 Management Center (Limited Partnership)
                 (北京金石農業投資基金管理中心
                 (有限合夥))
               Zhongzheng Fund Management Co., Ltd               Mainland China       RMB110 million    Investment management                        29%              29%
                 (中證基金管理有限公司)
               Xinrong Customer Services Club Co., Ltd.          Mainland China        RMB10 million    Financial services                           25%              25%
                 (深圳市信融客戶服務俱樂部有限公司)
               Qianhai Infrastructure Investments Fund           Mainland China       RMB300 million    Fund management                           11.67%           11.67%(i)
                 Management Co., Ltd.
                 (深圳前海基礎設施投資基金管理有限公司)
               Tibet Xinsheng Equity Investment Partnership      Mainland China   RMB4,322.10 million   Private equity investment                  7.33%             7.33%
                 (Limited Partnership)
                 (西藏信昇股權投資合夥企業(有限合夥))
               Taifu GoldStone (Tianjin) Fund Management         Mainland China        RMB50 million    Entrusted management of                      40%              40%
                 Co., Ltd.                                                                                equity investment entities,
                 (泰富金石(天津)基金管理有限公司)                                                                       investment management
                                                                                                          and relevant consulting
                                                                                                          services




278
24 INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES (Continued)
   (a)   Particulars of the Group’s principal associates and joint ventures are as follows: (Continued)
                                                              Place of
                                                              incorporation/             Registered                                     Percentage of     Percentage of
          Name                                                registration             share capital    Principal activities            equity interest    voting rights


          Suning GoldStone (Tianjin) Fund                     Mainland China           RMB50 million    Entrusted management of                   40%               40%
            Management Co., Ltd.                                                                          equity investment entities,
            (蘇寧金石(天津)基金管理有限公司)                                                                            investment management
                                                                                                          and relevant consulting
                                                                                                          services
          Xi’an Future Aerospace Industry Co., Ltd.           Mainland China           RMB50 million    Aerospace components                      35%               35%
             (西安明日宇航工業有限責任公司)                                                                             and ground equipment
                                                                                                          manufacturing, sheet metal
                                                                                                          components manufacturing
          Sailing Capital International (Shanghai) Co., Ltd   Mainland China        RMB5,710 million    Investment and loan fund               11.10%            11.10%(i)
            (賽領國際投資基金(上海)有限公司)
          Sailing Capital Management (Shanghai) Co., Ltd      Mainland China       RMB280.50 million    Equity investment                       9.09%             9.09%(i)
            (賽領資本管理有限公司)                                                                                  management
          CITIC POLY (Tianjin) Private Equity Fund            Mainland China         RMB100 million     Entrusted management of                   33%               33%
            Management Co., Ltd.                                                                          equity investment
            (信保(天津)股權投資基金管理有限公司)
          CITIC PE Holdings Limited                           The British Virgin   HKD171.60 million    Investment holding                        35%      Not applicable
                                                                Islands
          Aria Investment Partners L.P. III                   Cayman Islands           Not applicable   Direct investment fund                  8.40%            11.39%(i)
          Aria Investment Partners L.P. IV                    Cayman Islands           Not applicable   Direct investment fund                 39.14%            39.14%
          Aria Investment Partners L.P. V                     Cayman Islands           Not applicable   Direct investment fund                 45.45%            31.25%
          Clean Resources Asia Growth Fund L.P.               Cayman Islands       US$113.73 million    Direct investment fund                 17.59%            17.59%(i)
          Fudo Capital L.P. II                                Cayman Islands           Not applicable   Direct investment fund                  6.13%             6.13%(i)
          Fudo Capital L.P. III                               Cayman Islands           Not applicable   Direct investment fund                     5%                5%(i)
          Fudo Capital L.P. IV                                Cayman Islands           Not applicable   Direct investment fund                  2.65%             2.65%
          Sunrise Capital L.P. II                             Cayman Islands           Not applicable   Direct investment fund                 23.99%            23.99%
          Sunrise Capital L.P. III                            Cayman Islands           Not applicable   Direct investment fund                  6.08%             6.08%(i)
          CLSA Aviation Private Equity Fund I                 Korea                 US$58.28 million    Direct investment fund                  6.86%             6.86%(i)
          CLSA Aviation Private Equity Fund II                Korea                 US$60.24 million    Direct investment fund                  0.08%             0.08%(i)
          CLSA Aviation II Investments (Cayman) Limited       Cayman Islands        US$50 thousand      Direct investment fund                 12.39%            12.39%(i)
          CT CLSA Holdings Limited                            Sri Lanka               LKR500 million    Investment holding                        25%               25%
          Pan Asia Realty Ltd.                                Cayman Islands           US$10 million    Asset management                          30%               30%
          Holisol Logistics Private Ltd.                      Cayman Islands        INR10.80 million    Asset management                       20.31%            20.31%
          CLSA Infrastructure Private Equity Fund             Korea                 US$50 thousand      Asset management                        0.14%             0.14%(i)
          CSOBOR Fund, L.P.                                   Cayman Islands           US$52 million    Asset management                        25.1%            33.33%
          Alfalah Securities (Private) Limited                Pakistan                 PRK40 million    Investment banking and                 20.29%            24.90%
                                                                                                          securities brokerage
          Pine Tree Special Opportunity FMC LLC               Cayman Islands          Not applicable    Investment holding                        50%               50%
          CLSA Real Estate Limited                            Cayman Islands        US$50 thousand      Real Estate investment                    40%               40%
                                                                                                          consulting
          Lending Ark Asia Secured Private Debt Fund I        Cayman Islands           Not applicable   Asset management                       22.16%            22.16%
            (Non-US), LP
          Lending Ark Asia Secured Private Debt Holdings      Cayman Islands        US$50 thousand      Asset management                          30%               30%
            Limited




                                                                                      CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report                           279
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




24 INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES (Continued)
      (a)   Particulars of the Group’s principal associates and joint ventures are as follows: (Continued)
                                                                  Place of
                                                                  incorporation/            Registered                            Percentage of     Percentage of
                  Name                                            registration            share capital   Principal activities    equity interest    voting rights


                  Joint ventures:

                  CITIC Standard and Poor’s Information Service   Mainland China       RMB8.027 million   Financial services                50%              50%
                    (Beijing) Co., Ltd.
                    (中信標普指數信息服務(北京)有限公司)
                  Double Nitrogen Fund GP Limited                 Cayman Islands              US$100      Investment management             48%              50%(ii)
                  Sino-Ocean Land Logistics Investment            Cayman Islands       US$50 thousand     Investment management             50%           33.33%
                    Management Limited
                  CSOBOR Fund GP, Limited                         Cayman Islands              US$100      Investment management             49%              60%
                  Merchant Property Limited                       Guernsey              GBP7.25 million   Property investment               50%              50%
                  Kingvest Limited                                Cayman Islands       JPY5,000 million   Asset management               44.85%           44.85%
                  Sunrise Capital Holdings IV Limited             Cayman Islands       US$50 thousand     Asset management                  50%              50%
                  Bright Lee Capital Limited                      The British Virgin   US$50 thousand     Asset management                  48%              50%
                                                                    Islands


            (i)          The Group has a significant influence over these funds as it acts as the fund manager of these funds.

            (ii)         The Group has joint control over this entity with other parties through contractual arrangement.




280
24 INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES (Continued)
   (b)   The following table illustrates the summarised financial information of the Group’s material
         associates:
         (i)    CITIC Private Equity Funds Management Co., Ltd., as a major associate of the Group, is primarily engaged
                in investment fund management, and is accounted for using the equity method. The unaudited financial
                information is as follows:


                                                                                                  31 December
                                                                                                   2020                2019


                 Current assets                                                              5,287,604         4,711,306
                 Non-current assets                                                            117,318             18,692
                 Current liabilities                                                           163,650           153,882
                 Non-current liabilities                                                       287,422           202,563



                                                                                                   2020                2019


                 Revenue                                                                       771,826           834,363
                 Profit from continuing operations                                             446,328           609,722
                 Total comprehensive income                                                    446,328           609,722


         (ii)   CSC Financial Co., Ltd., as a major associate of the Group, is primarily engaged in securities brokerage
                and investment consulting, and is accounted for using the equity method. The financial information is as
                follows (in RMB millions):


                                                                                                  31 December
                                                                                                   2020                2019


                 Assets                                                                        371,228           285,670



                                                                                                   2020                2019


                 Net profit attributable to equity holders of the Company                         9,509                5,502




                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     281
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




24 INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES (Continued)
      (c)    The following table illustrates the aggregate unaudited financial information of the Group’s associates and joint
             ventures that are not individually material.


                                                                                                        2020              2019


               Profit for the year                                                                  257,934            360,185
               Other comprehensive income                                                                  —             3,611
               Total comprehensive income                                                           257,934            363,796


      (d)    As at 31 December 2020, there was no capital commitment to the associates and joint ventures (31 December
             2019: Nil).


      (e)    There were no significant restrictions on the ability of the Group’s associates and joint ventures to transfer funds
             to the Group in form of cash dividends or to repay any liability owed to the Group as at 31 December 2020 and
             31 December 2019.


25 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                                   31 December 2020
                                                                                                    Current      Non-current


       Debt instruments (Mandatory)                                                              49,400,900                  —


       Equity instruments (Designated)
            CSF No. 1 investment(i)                                                                        —       16,440,223
            Others                                                                                         —           195,278


                                                                                                           —       16,635,501


       Total                                                                                     49,400,900        16,635,501


       Loss allowance                                                                               577,493                  —


       Analyzed into:
            Listed                                                                               48,240,817                  —
            Unlisted                                                                              1,160,083        16,635,501


                                                                                                 49,400,900        16,635,501




282
25 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
   (Continued)
                                                                                                                   31 December 2019
                                                                                                                    Current         Non-current


         Debt instruments (Mandatory)                                                                          23,684,063                       —


         Equity instruments (Designated)
           CSF No. 1 investment(i)                                                                                         —         16,074,056
           Others                                                                                                          —             205,313


                                                                                                                           —         16,279,369


         Total                                                                                                 23,684,063            16,279,369


         Loss allowance                                                                                            262,920                      —


         Analyzed into:
           Listed                                                                                              23,654,041                       —
           Unlisted                                                                                                  30,022          16,279,369


                                                                                                               23,684,063            16,279,369


   (i)       The balance represented the investment portfolio, operated by China Securities Finance Corporation Limited (“CSF”). Under the investment
             agreement, the Company and other joint investors share the income/loss based on contribution proportion. The Company manages these
             financial assets for purposes other than to generate investment returns.

             As at 31 December 2020, based on the investment report provided by CSF, the cost of the Company’s investment managed by CSF was
             RMB15,675 million (31 December 2019: RMB15,675 million), while the fair value was RMB16,440 million (31 December 2019: RMB16,074
             million).


26 REFUNDABLE DEPOSITS
                                                                                                            31 December           31 December
                                                                                                                       2020                  2019


         Trading deposits                                                                                        2,116,013            1,110,269
         Credit deposits                                                                                         1,404,749               283,297
         Performance bonds                                                                                         357,012                66,371


         Total                                                                                                   3,877,774            1,459,937




                                                                               CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report             283
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




27 DEFERRED INCOME TAX ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
                                                                Fair value                        Salaries,
                                                              changes of Allowance for        bonuses, and
                                              Depreciation       financial    impairment       allowances
       Deferred income tax assets:              allowance     instruments           losses         payable      Others         Total


       At 31 December 2019                          23,908        154,293        1,249,096       3,412,128     402,064     5,241,489
       Credited/(debited) to the statement
         of profit or loss                         (19,240)     2,160,877        1,415,044         612,464     (250,407)   3,918,738
       Credited/(debited) to other
         comprehensive income                          189            (329)          7,430             647           59       7,996
       Other increase                                  381         47,269         261,437           42,316     142,294      493,697


       At 31 December 2020                           5,238      2,362,110        2,933,007       4,067,555     294,010     9,661,920



                                                                 Fair value                        Salaries,
                                                               changes of     Allowance for   bonuses, and
                                               Depreciation       financial     impairment       allowances
       Deferred income tax assets:               allowance     instruments          losses         payable       Others        Total


       At 31 December 2018                          18,341        293,692         894,017        2,807,438     209,538     4,223,026
       Credited/(debited) to the statement
         of profit or loss                           1,269        (52,993)        351,407          605,376     204,520     1,109,579
       Credited/(debited) to other
         comprehensive income                        4,298        (86,406)           3,672             (686)    (11,994)     (91,116)
       Other increase                                   —               —               —                —           —            —


       At 31 December 2019                          23,908        154,293        1,249,096       3,412,128     402,064     5,241,489




284
27 DEFERRED INCOME TAX ASSETS AND LIABILITIES (Continued)
                                                               Fair value
                                                              changes of
                                          Amortisation          financial
    Deferred income tax liabilities:        allowance        instruments               Others                    Total


    At 31 December 2019                       264,326          1,792,466              787,203             2,843,995
    Debited/(credited) to the statement
      of profit or loss                        (52,982)          239,975               27,066               214,059
    Debited/(credited) to other
      comprehensive income                     (14,246)           76,537                6,185                   68,476
    Other increase                                  —              8,480               41,182                   49,662


    At 31 December 2020                       197,098          2,117,458              861,636             3,176,192



                                                                Fair value
                                                               changes of
                                           Amortisation          financial
    Deferred income tax liabilities:         allowance        instruments               Others                   Total


    At 31 December 2018                       303,037            974,266              690,305             1,967,608
    Debited/(credited) to the statement
      of profit or loss                        (42,843)          684,302               96,482               737,941
    Debited/(credited) to other
      comprehensive income                       4,132           133,898                  416               138,446
    Other increase                                  —                  —                   —                        —


    At 31 December 2019                       264,326          1,792,466              787,203             2,843,995




                                                          CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     285
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




28 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
                                              Properties and Transportation   Electronic
       31 December 2020                            Buildings       Vehicles     Devices    Others        Total


       Cost
         31 December 2019                          2,190,369          1,762         755     1,350    2,194,236
         Increases                                  874,126              —           —       728      874,854
         Decreases                                  (197,342)            —           —       (469)    (197,811)
         Effect of exchange rate change              (47,810)           33           13        —       (47,764)


         31 December 2020                          2,819,343          1,795         768     1,609    2,823,515


       Accumulated depreciation
         1 January 2020                             592,417            518          191      225      593,351
         Increases                                  615,008            493          197      459      616,157
         Decreases                                  (147,009)            —           —       (142)    (147,151)
         Effect of exchange rate change               (4,688)           48           24        —        (4,616)


         31 December 2020                          1,055,728          1,059         412      542     1,057,741


       Allowances for impairment
         1 January 2020                                   —              —           —         —            —
         Increases                                        —              —           —         —            —
         Decreases                                        —              —           —         —            —
         Effect of exchange rate change                   —              —            —        —            —


         31 December 2020                                 —              —            —        —            —


       Net carrying amount
         31 December 2020                          1,763,615           736          356     1,067    1,765,774


         31 December 2019                          1,597,952          1,244         564     1,125    1,600,885




286
28 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)
                                       Properties and   Transportation     Electronic
    31 December 2019                        Buildings         Vehicles       Devices         Others              Total


    Cost
      31 December 2018
      Changes in accounting policy         1,922,509            1,708             39          1,154       1,925,410


      1 January 2019                       1,922,509            1,708             39          1,154       1,925,410
      Increases                              329,488               26            707            268         330,489
      Decreases                              (75,435)              —              —             (72)        (75,507)
      Effect of exchange rate change          13,807               28              9             —              13,844


      31 December 2019                     2,190,369            1,762            755          1,350       2,194,236


    Accumulated depreciation
      31 December 2018
      Changes in accounting policy                —                —              —              —                  —


      1 January 2019                              —                —              —              —                  —
      Increases                              599,804              502            184            247         600,737
      Decreases                              (10,263)              —              —             (22)        (10,285)
      Effect of exchange rate change           2,876               16              7             —               2,899


      31 December 2019                       592,417              518            191            225         593,351


    Allowances for impairment
      31 December 2018
      Changes in accounting policy                —                —              —              —                  —


      1 January 2019                              —                —              —              —                  —
      Increases                                   —                —              —              —                  —
      Decreases                                   —                —              —              —                  —
      Effect of exchange rate change              —                —              —              —                  —


      31 December 2019                            —                —              —              —                  —


    Net carrying amount
      31 December 2019                     1,597,952            1,244            564          1,125       1,600,885


      31 December 2018




                                                          CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report      287
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




29 OTHER NON-CURRENT ASSETS
                                                                                              31 December
                                                                                               2020            2019


       Project investment (Note 22)                                                       1,888,181       1,731,135
       Receivables and others                                                              516,325          455,654


       Total                                                                              2,404,506       2,186,789


30 MARGIN ACCOUNTS
                                                                                              31 December
                                                                                               2020            2019


       Margin accounts                                                                 118,274,965       71,446,330
       Less: loss allowance                                                              (1,533,533)        (772,485)


       Total                                                                           116,741,432       70,673,845


      Margin accounts are funds that the Group lends to its customers for margin financing business. As at 31 December
      2020, the Group received collateral with fair value amounted to RMB511,904 million (31 December 2019:
      RMB261,259 million), in connection with its margin financing business.




288
31 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                                                   31 December 2020
                                                                                                                     Current        Non-current


         Mandatory


         Debt instruments                                                                                      177,801,516                  28,772
         Equity instruments   (i)
                                                                                                               156,742,718             18,621,222
         Others                                                                                                  45,251,403             6,931,901


                                                                                                               379,795,637             25,581,895


         Designated


         Debt instruments                                                                                             97,862                      —
         Equity instruments                                                                                       4,239,197             9,513,016
         Others                                                                                                           769              752,484


                                                                                                                  4,337,828            10,265,500


         Total                                                                                                 384,133,465             35,847,395


         Analyzed into:


         Mandatory


           Listed                                                                                              310,909,747              4,501,708
           Unlisted                                                                                              68,885,890            21,080,187


                                                                                                               379,795,637             25,581,895


         Designated


           Listed                                                                                                 4,239,052             8,863,859
           Unlisted                                                                                                   98,776            1,401,641


                                                                                                                  4,337,828            10,265,500


         Total                                                                                                 384,133,465             35,847,395

   (i)       As of 31 December 2020, financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of RMB135,732 million (31 December 2019: RMB134,392 million)
             were collateralized for reverse repurchase agreements, amount due to CSF, securities lending and short term loan transactions.




                                                                                CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report              289
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




31 FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS (Continued)
                                                             31 December 2019
                                                              Current    Non-current


       Mandatory


       Debt instruments                                   214,989,531           40,000
       Equity instruments (i)                              79,601,887    14,558,580
       Others                                              34,470,280     5,126,775


                                                          329,061,698    19,725,355


       Designated


       Equity instruments                                     84,815      6,402,501
       Others                                                      —            73,938


                                                              84,815      6,476,439


       Total                                              329,146,513    26,201,794


       Analyzed into:


       Mandatory


          Listed                                          269,252,947     1,939,174
          Unlisted                                         59,808,751    17,786,181


                                                          329,061,698    19,725,355


       Designated


          Listed                                              84,815      5,733,872
          Unlisted                                                 —        742,567


                                                              84,815      6,476,439


       Total                                              329,146,513    26,201,794




290
32 DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                                               31 December 2020
                                                         Notional amounts                     Fair value
                                                                                           Assets            Liabilities


    Interest rate derivatives                                 1,499,934,029             5,934,466            6,525,383
    Currency derivatives                                        115,613,610             1,580,362            1,287,918
    Equity derivatives                                          330,660,258           10,984,622            37,062,855
    Credit derivatives                                             7,573,989               32,820                19,707
    Others                                                      197,947,212             1,625,720            1,980,343


    Total                                                     2,151,729,098           20,157,990            46,876,206


                                                                               31 December 2019
                                                           Notional amounts                    Fair value
                                                                                           Assets              Liabilities


    Interest rate derivatives                                 1,172,493,937             3,413,912            3,709,853
    Currency derivatives                                         46,715,883               437,723              193,179
    Equity derivatives                                          185,283,203             3,144,735            9,590,424
    Credit derivatives                                           14,830,280               138,696              224,716
    Others                                                       40,957,155               216,007              273,578


    Total                                                     1,460,280,458             7,351,073           13,991,750

   Under the “Daily Mark-to-Market and Settlement Arrangement”, the Group’s future contracts were settled daily and
   the amount of mark-to-market gain or loss of those unexpired future contracts is reflected in profit or loss and not
   included in derivative financial instruments above. The corresponding payments or receipts are reflected in “cash and
   bank balances”. As at 31 December 2020, the fair value of those unexpired daily settled future contracts was a loss of
   RMB202 million (31 December 2019: Loss of RMB37 million).




                                                               CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report    291
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




33 REVERSE REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS
                                                    31 December
                                                     2020         2019


       Analysed by collateral:
          Stocks                              31,723,843     40,488,704
          Debts                               15,541,709     21,387,258


                                              47,265,552     61,875,962


       Less: loss allowance                   (8,038,939)    (3,045,909)


       Total                                  39,226,613     58,830,053


       Analysed by business
          Stock repo                                    —         4,911
          Pledged repo                        40,494,849     52,831,453
          Debt securities outright repo          6,770,703    9,039,598


                                              47,265,552     61,875,962


       Less: loss allowance                   (8,038,939)    (3,045,909)


       Total                                  39,226,613     58,830,053


       Analysed by counterparty:
          Banks                                  1,065,249    1,078,684
          Non-bank financial institutions        3,395,353    4,034,164
          Others                              42,804,950     56,763,114


                                              47,265,552     61,875,962


       Less: loss allowance                   (8,038,939)    (3,045,909)


       Total                                  39,226,613     58,830,053




292
33 REVERSE REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS (Continued)
   As at 31 December 2020, stock repo and stock-pledged repo under reverse repurchase agreements totalled
   RMB31,724 million (31 December 2019: RMB40,489 million) with credit impairment loss allowance of
   RMB8,039 million (31 December 2019: RMB3,046 million).


   As at 31 December 2020, the Group received collateral amounted to RMB125,402 million (31 December 2019:
   RMB142,218 million), in connection with its reverse repurchase agreements.


   As part of the reverse repurchase agreements, the Group received securities allowed to be re-pledged in the absence
   of default by counterparties. If the collateral received declines in value, the Group may, in certain circumstances,
   require additional collateral. The Group had an obligation to return the collateral to its counterparties at the maturity of
   the contracts.


   As at 31 December 2020, the amount of the above collateral allowed to be re-pledged was RMB8,422 million
   (31 December 2019: RMB10,807 million), and the amount of the collateral re-pledged was RMB3,010 million
   (31 December 2019: RMB7,483 million).


34 OTHER CURRENT ASSETS
                                                                                                    31 December
                                                                                                     2020               2019


    Brokerage accounts due from clients                                                       13,835,207          9,655,059
    Accounts due from brokers                                                                 12,657,085         10,405,015
    Settlement deposits receivable                                                              7,735,319         4,897,035
    Bulk commodity trading inventory                                                            4,784,609         3,947,027
    Interest receivable                                                                           386,071           141,633
    Deferred expenses                                                                              64,984             79,995
    Dividends receivable                                                                           10,726                659
    Others                                                                                    11,837,709          5,848,233


    Subtotal                                                                                  51,311,710         34,974,656


    Less: Impairment allowance                                                                 (2,134,867)        (1,771,751)


    Total                                                                                     49,176,843         33,202,905




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     293
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




35 CASH HELD ON BEHALF OF CUSTOMERS
      The Group maintains segregated deposit accounts with banks and authorised institutions to hold cash on behalf of
      customers arising from its normal course of business. The Group has recorded the related amounts as cash held on
      behalf of customers and the corresponding liabilities as customer brokerage deposits (Note 37). In the PRC, the use
      of cash held on behalf of customers for security and the settlement of their transactions is restricted and governed by
      relevant third-party deposit regulations issued by the CSRC. In Hong Kong, the “Securities and Futures (Client Money)
      Rules” together with the related provisions of the Securities and Futures Ordinance impose similar restrictions. In other
      countries and regions, cash held on behalf of customers is supervised by relevant authorities.


36 CASH AND BANK BALANCES
                                                                                                     31 December
                                                                                                       2020             2019


       Cash on hand                                                                                     317              306
       Deposits in banks                                                                       91,109,371        64,442,153


       Total                                                                                   91,109,688        64,442,459

      As at 31 December 2020, the Group had restricted funds of RMB7,529 million (31 December 2019: RMB4,818
      million).


37 CUSTOMER BROKERAGE DEPOSITS
                                                                                                     31 December
                                                                                                       2020             2019


       Customer brokerage deposits                                                            203,110,588       123,351,754

      Customer brokerage deposits represent the amounts received from and repayable to clients arising from the ordinary
      course of the Group’s securities brokerage activities. For more details, please refer to Note 35 “Cash held on behalf of
      customers”.




294
38 FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                            31 December 2020
                                                                                            Current      Non-current


    Financial liabilities held for trading
    Debt instruments                                                                      5,675,783                 —
    Equity investments                                                                    1,706,988                 —


    Subtotal                                                                              7,382,771                 —


    Financial liabilities designated as at fair value through profit or loss
    Structured notes                                                                     32,683,668         7,720,924
    Minority interests in consolidated structured entities                                  828,773         9,792,608


    Subtotal                                                                             33,512,441        17,513,532


    Total                                                                                40,895,212        17,513,532

   As at 31 December 2020, there were no significant fair value changes related to the changes in the credit risk of the
   Group.


                                                                                             31 December 2019
                                                                                             Current       Non-current


    Financial liabilities held for trading
    Debt instruments                                                                     11,072,465                 —
    Equity investments                                                                    1,054,678                 —


    Subtotal                                                                             12,127,143                 —


    Financial liabilities designated as at fair value through profit or loss
    Structured notes                                                                     31,855,239         6,445,859
    Minority interests in consolidated structured entities                                  335,408         6,953,349


    Subtotal                                                                             32,190,647        13,399,208


    Total                                                                                44,317,790        13,399,208




                                                              CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   295
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




39 REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS
                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                           2020            2019


       Analysed by collateral:
          Equity                                                                     24,922,470       5,234,802
          Debts                                                                     120,952,729     132,736,829
          Gold                                                                       16,282,953      11,454,423
          Others                                                                     36,141,248      25,021,839


       Total                                                                        198,299,400     174,447,893


       Analysed by counterparty:
          Banks                                                                      83,299,479      56,977,106
          Non-bank financial institutions                                            17,331,315      11,983,359
          Others                                                                     97,668,606     105,487,428


       Total                                                                        198,299,400     174,447,893

      As at 31 December 2020, the Group’s pledged collateral in connection with its repurchase financing business
      amounted to RMB216,769 million (31 December 2019: RMB196,335 million).




296
40 DUE TO BANKS AND OTHER FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS
                                                                                              31 December
                                                                                               2020                2019


    Due to banks                                                                         8,480,226        25,116,285
    Due to China Securities Finance Corporation Limited (Note 31)                        2,023,889         5,018,507
    Due to non-bank financial institution                                                        —         3,001,403


    Total                                                                               10,504,115        33,136,195

41 TAXES PAYABLE
                                                                                              31 December
                                                                                               2020                2019


    Enterprise income tax                                                                6,242,969         2,322,868
    Individual income tax                                                                  711,856           311,670
    Value added tax                                                                        350,855           190,435
    Others                                                                                   76,301            59,832


    Total                                                                                7,381,981         2,884,805

42 SHORT-TERM LOANS
                                                                                              31 December
                                                                                               2020                2019


    Analysed by nature:
      Credit loans                                                                       3,661,987         6,813,690
      Collateralised loans                                                               1,348,384           591,215


    Total                                                                                5,010,371         7,404,905


    Analysed by maturity:
      Maturity within one year                                                           5,010,371         7,404,905

   As at 31 December 2020, the annual interest rates on the short-term loans were in the range of 0.79% to 2.00%
   (31 December 2019: 2.00% to 5.66%). As at 31 December 2020, the book value of the collateral was RMB3,796
   million (31 December 2019: RMB2,137 million). (Note 31)




                                                             CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report    297
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




43 SHORT-TERM FINANCING INSTRUMENTS PAYABLE
      2020
                                                                                 Opening                                     Ending
       Name                        Issue date    Maturity date   Coupon rate     balance      Increase     Repayment        balance


       19 CITIC CP010              18/10/2019    16/01/2020           2.95%     6,036,084         7,440     (6,043,524)           —
       19 CITIC CP011              19/11/2019    18/02/2020           3.10%     5,017,422        21,117     (5,038,539)           —
       19 CITIC CP012              13/12/2019    12/03/2020           3.05%     3,004,354        18,146     (3,022,500)           —
       20 CITIC CP001              17/01/2020    16/04/2020           2.78%            —      4,028,664     (4,028,664)           —
       20 CITIC CP002              18/02/2020    18/05/2020           2.50%            —      4,025,986     (4,025,986)           —
       20 CITIC CP003              25/02/2020    25/05/2020           2.45%            —      4,025,577     (4,025,577)           —
       20 CITIC CP004              05/03/2020    03/06/2020           2.39%            —      4,024,610     (4,024,610)           —
       20 CITIC CP005              13/03/2020    11/06/2020           2.16%            —      5,027,718     (5,027,718)           —
       20 CITIC CP006              25/03/2020    23/06/2020           1.78%            —      5,022,597     (5,022,597)           —
       20 CITIC CP007              08/04/2020    07/07/2020           1.50%            —      6,023,473     (6,023,473)           —
       20 CITIC CP008              20/04/2020    17/07/2020           1.40%            —      6,021,820     (6,021,820)           —
       20 CITIC CP009              13/05/2020    11/08/2020           1.55%            —      5,020,246     (5,020,246)           —
       20 CITIC CP010              25/05/2020    21/08/2020           1.55%            —      5,019,711     (5,019,711)           —
       20 CITIC CP011              28/05/2020    26/08/2020           1.58%            —      4,016,543     (4,016,543)           —
       20 CITIC CP012              15/06/2020    11/09/2020           2.20%            —      4,022,014     (4,022,014)           —
       20 CITIC CP013              09/07/2020    30/09/2020           1.95%            —      5,023,354     (5,023,354)           —
       20 CS 08                    02/06/2020    02/06/2021           2.08%            —      1,013,946         (3,113)    1,010,833
       20 CS S1                    28/07/2020    28/04/2021           2.84%            —        506,947         (1,472)      505,475
       20 CS S2                    07/08/2020    07/08/2021           2.95%            —      2,836,503         (8,115)    2,828,388
       CITICSMTNECP03              20/11/2019    20/05/2020           0.00%       690,727         6,916       (697,643)           —
       CITICSMTNECP04              11/03/2020    11/09/2020           0.00%            —        700,691       (700,691)           —
       CITICSMTNECP05              13/03/2020    14/09/2020           0.00%            —        350,345       (350,345)           —
       CITICSMTNECP06              25/03/2020    26/06/2020           0.00%            —        700,704       (700,704)           —
       CITICSMTNECP07              22/05/2020    23/11/2020           0.00%            —      1,234,797     (1,234,797)           —
       CITICSMTNECP08              26/05/2020    25/05/2021           0.00%            —        349,969        (26,297)      323,672
       CITICSMTNECP09              26/05/2020    27/11/2020           0.00%            —        352,796       (352,796)           —
       CITICSMTNECP10              20/08/2020    19/08/2021           0.00%            —        207,791        (13,652)      194,139
       CITICSMTNECP11              17/09/2020    16/09/2021           0.00%            —        687,371        (33,585)      653,786
       CITICSMTNECP12              16/10/2020    20/01/2021           0.00%            —        204,213         (8,546)      195,667
       CITICSMTNECP13              19/11/2020    19/05/2021           0.94%            —        259,191         (7,585)      251,606
       CITICSMTNECP14              25/11/2020    24/11/2021           0.00%            —         66,626         (1,964)       64,662
       CITICSMTNECP15              15/12/2020    14/12/2021           0.00%            —        781,847         (6,335)      775,512
                                   11/10/2019    02/01/2020           1.39%
       Structured notes            ~31/12/2020   ~13/10/2021         ~4.00%     5,388,706    58,095,241    (58,345,816)    5,138,131

       Total                                                                   20,137,293   129,704,910   (137,900,332)   11,941,871




298
43 SHORT-TERM FINANCING INSTRUMENTS PAYABLE (Continued)
   2019
                                                                            Opening
    Name                       Issue date   Maturity date   Coupon rate     balance      Increase   Repayment Ending balance


    18 CITIC CP009            22/10/2018    18/01/2019           3.30%     5,031,953        7,828    (5,039,781)           —
    18 CITIC CP010BC          13/11/2018    12/02/2019           3.20%     3,012,678      11,256     (3,023,934)           —
    18 CITIC CP011            07/12/2018    08/03/2019           3.15%     2,004,096      11,611     (2,015,707)           —
    18 CS 05                  30/10/2018    18/04/2019           3.50%     1,508,990      15,463     (1,524,453)           —
    18 CS 06                  30/10/2018    27/07/2019           3.70%     1,509,512      31,542     (1,541,054)           —
    19 CITIC CP001            18/01/2019    19/04/2019           2.95%            —     2,015,388    (2,015,388)           —
    19 CITIC CP002            22/02/2019    24/05/2019           2.71%            —     3,020,723    (3,020,723)           —
    19 CITIC CP003            08/03/2019    06/06/2019           2.79%            —     3,021,033    (3,021,033)           —
    19 CITIC CP004            18/04/2019    17/07/2019           3.00%            —     3,022,590    (3,022,590)           —
    19 CITIC CP005            17/05/2019    15/08/2019           2.99%            —     3,022,455    (3,022,455)           —
    19 CITIC CP006BC          10/06/2019    06/09/2019           3.07%            —     2,015,056    (2,015,056)           —
    19 CITIC CP007            27/06/2019    25/09/2019           2.60%            —     2,013,012    (2,013,012)           —
    19 CITIC CP008            12/07/2019    10/10/2019           2.70%            —     3,020,227    (3,020,227)           —
    19 CITIC CP009            19/09/2019    18/12/2019           2.75%            —     5,035,350    (5,035,350)           —
    19 CITIC CP010            18/10/2019    16/01/2020           2.95%            —     6,037,196        (1,112)    6,036,084
    19 CITIC CP011            19/11/2019    18/02/2020           3.10%            —     5,018,915        (1,493)    5,017,422
    19 CITIC CP012            13/12/2019    12/03/2020           3.05%            —     3,004,856          (502)    3,004,354
    CITICSMTNECP01            09/01/2019    24/12/2019           0.00%            —     1,372,796    (1,372,796)           —
    CITICSMTNECP02            10/01/2019    24/12/2019           0.00%            —     2,059,194    (2,059,194)           —
    CITICSMTNECP03            20/11/2019    20/05/2020           0.00%            —      690,727             —        690,727
                              11/01/2018    02/01/2019           0.50%
    Structured notes          ~31/12/2019   ~29/06/2020         ~5.00%     4,992,116   18,354,756   (17,958,166)    5,388,706

    Total                                                                 18,059,345   62,801,974   (60,724,026)   20,137,293

   As at 31 December 2020, short-term financing instruments payable comprised unsecured short-term corporate bonds
   and structured notes with an original tenor of less than one year.

   As at 31 December 2020, there was no default related to any short-term financing instruments payable issued (31
   December 2019: Nil).




                                                                CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report      299
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




44 LEASE LIABILITIES
                                                                                          31 December 2020
                                                                                           Current     Non-current

       Lease liabilities                                                                   494,209        1,211,526

                                                                                          31 December 2019
                                                                                            Current     Non-current

       Lease liabilities                                                                   463,904        1,102,999

      As at December 2020, cash flows of lease contracts signed by the Group but lease not yet commenced are shown as
      follows:

                                                                                     31 December      31 December
                                                                                              2020            2019

       Lease term:

       Within one year                                                                      25,627           32,160
       One to two years                                                                      7,729           22,253
       Two to five years                                                                    15,385           14,626
       More than five years                                                                  1,392               —

                                                                                            50,133           69,039

45 OTHER CURRENT LIABILITIES
                                                                                             31 December
                                                                                              2020            2019


       Settlement deposits payable                                                      14,596,002        6,237,013
       Salaries, bonuses and allowances payable                                         17,583,983      14,608,234
       Debt instruments issued due within one year and others
          (Notes 46(a) (xxxv)(xxxvi)(xxxvii)(xxxviii)(xxxix)(xl)(xli))                  39,656,392      36,590,145
       Amounts due to brokers                                                           16,213,051        7,472,215
       Interest payable                                                                    258,307         125,140
       Accrued liabilities                                                                 305,980           22,738
       Fee and commissions payable                                                         662,588         332,080
       Funds payable to securities holders                                                 168,699         167,109
       Funds payable to securities issuers                                               1,071,235         272,990
       Dividends payable                                                                     2,049            2,049
       Contract liabilities                                                              2,194,221         938,146
       Client deposits payable                                                          77,905,318      26,774,447
       Others                                                                           15,243,366        4,064,242


       Total                                                                           185,861,191      97,606,548

300
46 DEBT INSTRUMENTS ISSUED
                                                                                              31 December
    By category                                                                                2020                2019


    Bonds and medium term notes issued (a)                                             127,297,137        88,599,822
    Structured notes issued (b)                                                          5,353,884           821,011


                                                                                       132,651,021        89,420,833


                                                                                              31 December
    By maturity                                                                                2020                2019


    Maturity within five years                                                         130,938,777        86,855,004
    Maturity over five years                                                             1,712,244         2,565,829


                                                                                       132,651,021        89,420,833

   As at 31 December 2020, there was no default related to any issued debt instruments (31 December 2019: Nil).


   (a)   Bonds and medium term notes issued
                                                                                              31 December
                                                                                               2020                2019


          Item


          13 CITICS 02                                                       (i)        12,336,466        12,333,113
          15 CITICS 02                                                       (ii)        2,565,917         2,565,829
          17 CITICS C2                                                       (iii)       2,373,760         2,373,727
          17 CITICS C4                                                       (iv)        4,947,070         4,946,992
          17 CITICS G2                                                       (v)         2,076,635         2,076,607
          18 CS G2                                                           (vi)          616,085           616,076
          19 CITICS Financial Bond 01                                       (vii)        9,136,908         9,133,376
          19 CS 01                                                          (viii)       2,788,294         2,788,068
          19 CS 02                                                           (ix)        3,093,455         3,093,375
          19 CS 03                                                           (x)         3,086,405         3,086,309
          19 CS 04                                                           (xi)        1,532,973         1,532,929
          19 CS 05                                                          (xii)        5,018,153         5,017,983
          19 CS C1                                                          (xiii)       2,570,019         2,568,003
          19 CS C2                                                          (xiv)        3,068,558         3,066,622
          19 CS G1                                                          (xv)         2,020,854         2,020,777
          19 CS G2                                                          (xvi)        1,011,649         1,011,635
          20 CS 09                                                          (xvii)       4,560,306                   —



                                                             CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report    301
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




46 DEBT INSTRUMENTS ISSUED (Continued)
      (a)   Bonds and medium term notes issued (Continued)
                                                                              31 December
                                                                               2020         2019


             20 CS 11                                         (xviii)      2,028,466           —
             20 CS 13                                          (xix)       3,042,805           —
             20 CS 15                                          (xx)        7,593,807           —
             20 CS 16                                          (xxi)       5,261,190           —
             20 CS 18                                         (xxii)       2,827,501           —
             20 CS 20                                         (xxiii)       808,013            —
             20 CS 21                                         (xxiv)       7,531,703           —
             20 CS 23                                         (xxv)        4,315,025           —
             20 CS 24                                         (xxvi)        904,231            —
             20 CS C1                                         (xxvii)      2,047,209           —
             20 CS G1                                        (xxviii)      3,071,687           —
             20 CS G2                                         (xxix)       2,052,199           —
             20 CS G3                                         (xxx)        2,248,069           —
             20 CS G4                                         (xxxi)       2,047,275           —
             20 CS G6                                        (xxxii)       3,352,818           —
             20 CS G7                                        (xxxiii)      1,019,737           —
             CITIC SEC N2204                                 (xxxiv)       3,275,980    3,496,051
             CITIC SEC N2210                                 (xxxiv)       3,262,455    3,478,227
             CITIC SEC N2410                                 (xxxiv)       1,300,556    1,387,427
             CITIC SEC N2306                                 (xxxiv)       3,253,679           —
             CITIC SEC N2506                                 (xxxiv)       3,249,225           —
             CITIC SEC N2112                                 (xxxiv)              —     2,090,043
             18 CS C2                                        (xxxv)               —     4,021,546
             18 CS G1                                        (xxxvi)              —     2,459,406
             16 CITICS G2                                    (xxxvii)             —     2,510,351
             18 CITICS 02                                    (xxxviii)            —     2,582,155
             18 CITICS G1                                    (xxxix)              —     1,766,481
             18 CS C1                                          (xl)               —     5,039,265
             06 CITICS Bond                                    (xli)              —     1,537,449


             Carrying amount                                             127,297,137   88,599,822




302
46 DEBT INSTRUMENTS ISSUED (Continued)
   (a)   Bonds and medium term notes issued (Continued)
         (i)      Pursuant to the approval by the CSRC, the Company issued a 10-year unguaranteed bond with a face value of RMB12.00 billion from 7
                  June 2013 to 14 June 2013. The coupon rate of the bond is 5.05% and the maturity date is 7 June 2023.

         (ii)     Pursuant to the approval of the CSRC, the Company issued a 10-year unguaranteed bond with a face value of RMB2.50 billion from 24
                  June 2015 to 25 June 2015. The coupon rate of the bond is 5.10% and the maturity date is 25 June 2025.

         (iii)    Pursuant to the resolution of re-authorizing on Issuance of Onshore and Offshore Corporate Debt Financing Instruments approved
                  by General Shareholders’ Meeting in 2013 and approval of the relevant regulators, the Company issued a 5-year unguaranteed
                  subordinated redeemable bond with a face value of RMB2.30 billion on 24 May 2017. The coupon rate of the bond is 5.30% and the
                  maturity date is 25 May 2022.

         (iv)     Pursuant to the resolution of re-authorizing on Issuance of Onshore and Offshore Corporate Debt Financing Instruments approved
                  by General Shareholders’ Meeting in 2013 and approval of the relevant regulators, the Company issued a 5-year unguaranteed
                  subordinated redeemable bond with a face value of RMB4.90 billion on 25 October 2017. The coupon rate of the bond is 5.25% and
                  the maturity date is 26 October 2022.

         (v)      Pursuant to the approval of the CSRC, the Company issued a 5-year unguaranteed bond with a face value of RMB2.00 billion from 16
                  February 2017 to 17 February 2017. The coupon rate of the bond is 4.40% and the maturity date is 17 February 2022.

         (vi)     Pursuant to the approval of the CSRC, the Company issued a 5-year unguaranteed bond with a face value of RMB0.60 billion from 13
                  June 2018 to 15 June 2018. The coupon rate of the bond is 4.90% and the maturity date is 15 June 2023.

         (vii)    Pursuant to the approval of the People’s Bank of China, the Company issued a 3-year unguaranteed financial bond with a face value of
                  RMB9.00 billion from 17 July 2019 to 25 July 2019. The maturity date is 25 July 2022, and a coupon rate of 3.58%.

         (viii)   Pursuant to the resolution of re-authorizing on Issuance of Onshore and Offshore Corporate Debt Financing Instruments approved
                  by General Shareholders’ Meeting in 2016 and approval of the relevant regulators, the Company issued a 3-year unguaranteed
                  subordinated redeemable bond with a face value of RMB2.70 billion from 27 February 2019 to 28 February 2019. The coupon rate of
                  the bond is 3.90% and the maturity date is 28 February 2022.

         (ix)     Pursuant to the resolution of re-authorizing on Issuance of Onshore and Offshore Corporate Debt Financing Instruments approved
                  by General Shareholders’ Meeting in 2016 and approval of the relevant regulators, the Company issued a 3-year unguaranteed
                  subordinated redeemable bond with a face value of RMB3.00 billion from 20 March 2019 to 21 March 2019. The coupon rate of the
                  bond is 3.98% and the maturity date is 21 March 2022.

         (x)      Pursuant to the resolution of re-authorizing on Issuance of Onshore and Offshore Corporate Debt Financing Instruments approved by General
                  Shareholders’ Meeting in 2018 and approval of the relevant regulators, the Company issued a 3-year unguaranteed subordinated redeemable
                  bond with a face value of RMB3.00 billion from 25 April 2019 to 30 April 2019. The coupon rate of the bond is 4.28% and the maturity date is
                  30 April 2022.

         (xi)     Pursuant to the resolution of re-authorizing on Issuance of Onshore and Offshore Corporate Debt Financing Instruments approved by
                  General Shareholders’ Meeting in 2018 and approval of the relevant regulators, the Company issued a 3-year unguaranteed subordinated
                  redeemable bond with a face value of RMB1.50 billion from 11 June 2019 to 14 June 2019. The coupon rate of the bond is 4.00% and the
                  maturity date is 14 June 2022.

         (xii)    Pursuant to the approval of the CSRC, the Company issued a 3-year unguaranteed bond with a face value of RMB5.00 billion from 21
                  November 2019 to 26 November 2019. The coupon rate of the bond is 3.75% and the maturity date is 26 November 2022.

         (xiii)   Pursuant to the resolution of re-authorizing on Issuance of Onshore and Offshore Corporate Debt Financing Instruments approved by General
                  Shareholders’ Meeting in 2017 and approval of the relevant regulators, the Company issued a 3-year unguaranteed subordinated redeemable
                  bond with a face value of RMB2.50 billion from 17 April 2019 to 23 April 2019. The coupon rate of the bond is 4.20% and the maturity date is
                  23 April 2022.

         (xiv)    Pursuant to the resolution of re-authorizing on Issuance of Onshore and Offshore Corporate Debt Financing Instruments approved
                  by General Shareholders’ Meeting in 2018 and approval of the relevant regulators, the Company issued a 3-year unguaranteed
                  subordinated redeemable bond with a face value of RMB3.00 billion from 28 May 2019 to 3 June 2019. The coupon rate of the bond is
                  4.10% and the maturity date is 3 June 2022.

         (xv)     Pursuant to the approval of the CSRC, the Company issued a 3-year unguaranteed bond with a face value of RMB2.00 billion from 4
                  September 2019 to 10 September 2019. The coupon rate of the bond is 3.39% and the maturity date is 10 September 2022.

         (xvi)    Pursuant to the approval of the CSRC, the Company issued a 5-year unguaranteed bond with a face value of RMB1.00 billion from 4
                  September 2019 to 10 September 2019. The coupon rate of the bond is 3.78% and the maturity date is 10 September 2024.




                                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report                    303
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




46 DEBT INSTRUMENTS ISSUED (Continued)
      (a)   Bonds and medium term notes issued (Continued)
            (xvii)     Pursuant to the approval of the CSRC, the Company issued a 3-year unguaranteed bond with a face value of RMB4.50 billion from 27
                       May 2020 to 2 June 2020. The coupon rate of the bond is 2.70% and the maturity date is 2 June 2023.


            (xviii)    Pursuant to the approval of the CSRC, the Company issued a 3-year unguaranteed bond with a face value of RMB2.00 billion from 15
                       June 2020 to 19 June 2020. The coupon rate of the bond is 3.10% and the maturity date is 19 June 2023.


            (xix)      Pursuant to the approval of the CSRC, the Company issued a 3-year unguaranteed bond with a face value of RMB3.00 billion from 10
                       July 2020 to 14 July 2020. The coupon rate of the bond is 3.58% and the maturity date is 14 July 2023.


            (xx)       Pursuant to the approval of the CSRC, the Company issued a 3-year unguaranteed bond with a face value of RMB7.50 billion from 24
                       July 2020 to 28 July 2020. The coupon rate of the bond is 3.49% and the maturity date is 28 July 2023.


            (xxi)      Pursuant to the approval of the CSRC, the Company issued a 3-year unguaranteed bond with a face value of RMB5.20 billion from 5
                       August 2020 to 7 August 2020. The coupon rate of the bond is 3.55% and the maturity date is 7 August 2023.


            (xxii)     Pursuant to the approval of the CSRC, the Company issued a 3-year unguaranteed bond with a face value of RMB2.80 billion from 20
                       August 2020 to 24 August 2020. The coupon rate of the bond is 3.48% and the maturity date is 24 August 2023.


            (xxiii)    Pursuant to the approval of the CSRC, the Company issued a 10-year unguaranteed bond with a face value of RMB0.80 billion from 9
                       September 2020 to 11 September 2020. The coupon rate of the bond is 4.20% and the maturity date is 11 September 2030.


            (xxiv)     Pursuant to the approval of the CSRC, the Company issued a 2-year unguaranteed bond with a face value of RMB7.50 billion from 19
                       October 2020 to 21 October 2020. The coupon rate of the bond is 3.48% and the maturity date is 21 October 2022.


            (xxv)      Pursuant to the approval of the CSRC, the Company issued a 2-year unguaranteed bond with a face value of RMB4.30 billion from 26
                       October 2020 to 28 October 2020. The coupon rate of the bond is 3.45% and the maturity date is 28 October 2020.

            (xxvi)     Pursuant to the approval of the CSRC, the Company issued a 10-year unguaranteed bond with a face value of RMB0.90 billion from 26
                       October 2020 to 28 October 2020. The coupon rate of the bond is 4.27% and the maturity date is 28 October 2030.

            (xxvii)    Pursuant to the resolution of re-authorizing on Issuance of Onshore and Offshore Corporate Debt Financing Instruments approved
                       by General Shareholders’ Meeting in 2017 and approval of the relevant regulators, the Company issued a 3-year unguaranteed
                       subordinated redeemable bond with a face value of RMB2.00 billion from 18 March 2020 to 24 March 2020. The coupon rate of the
                       bond is 3.32% and the maturity date is 24 March 2023.

            (xxviii)   Pursuant to the approval of the CSRC, the Company issued a 3-year unguaranteed bond with a face value of RMB3.00 billion from 18
                       February 2020 to 21 February 2020. The coupon rate of the bond is 3.02% and the maturity date is 21 February 2023.

            (xxix)     Pursuant to the approval of the CSRC, the Company issued a 5-year unguaranteed bond with a face value of RMB2.00 billion from 18
                       February 2020 to 21 February 2020. The coupon rate of the bond is 3.31% and the maturity date is 21 February 2025.

            (xxx)      Pursuant to the approval of the CSRC, the Company issued a 3-year unguaranteed bond with a face value of RMB2.20 billion from 5
                       March 2020 to 10 March 2020. The coupon rate of the bond is 2.95% and the maturity date is 10 March 2023.

            (xxxi)     Pursuant to the approval of the CSRC, the Company issued a 5-year unguaranteed bond with a face value of RMB2.00 billion from 5
                       March 2020 to 10 March 2020. The coupon rate of the bond is 3.20% and the maturity date is 10 March 2025.


            (xxxii)    Pursuant to the approval of the CSRC, the Company issued a 3-year unguaranteed bond with a face value of RMB3.30 billion from 8
                       April 2020 to 14 April 2020. The coupon rate of the bond is 2.54% and the maturity date is 14 April 2023.

            (xxxiii)   Pursuant to the approval of the CSRC, the Company issued a 5-year unguaranteed bond with a face value of RMB1.00 billion from 8
                       April 2020 to 14 April 2020. The coupon rate of the bond is 3.10% and the maturity date is 14 April 2025.




304
46 DEBT INSTRUMENTS ISSUED (Continued)
   (a)   Bonds and medium term notes issued (Continued)
         (xxxiv)     Pursuant to the resolution of re-Authorizing on Issuance of Onshore and Offshore Corporate Debt Financing Instruments approved by
                     General Shareholders’ Meeting in 2013 and approval of the relevant regulators, CITIC Securities Finance MTN Co., Ltd. established a
                     USD3.00 billion (or other equivalents) Medium Term Notes Program on 17 October 2014. In April 2017, CITIC Securities Finance MTN
                     Co., Ltd. made a drawdown under the medium-term notes program with an issue size of USD800 million, including USD300 million of
                     three-year notes and USD500 million of five-year notes. The three-year notes were fully paid in April 2020. In December 2018, CITIC
                     Securities Finance MTN Co., Ltd. made a drawdown under the medium-term notes program of three-year notes in the amount of
                     USD300 million. In October 2019, CITIC Securities Finance MTN Co., Ltd. made a drawdown under the medium-term notes program
                     with an issue size of USD700 million, including USD500 million of three-year notes and USD200 million of five-year notes. In 2020,
                     CITIC Securities Finance MTN Co., Ltd. made a drawdown under the medium-term notes program with an issue size of USD1.00 billion,
                     including USD500 million of three-year notes and USD500 million of five-year notes. These medium term notes are guaranteed by the
                     Company with no counter-guarantee arrangement.

         (xxxv)      Pursuant to the resolution of re-authorizing on Issuance of Onshore and Offshore Corporate Debt Financing Instruments approved
                     by General Shareholders’ Meeting in 2016 and approval of the relevant regulators, the Company issued a 3-year unguaranteed
                     subordinated redeemable bond with a face value of RMB4.00 billion from 5 November 2018 to 7 November 2018. The coupon rate of
                     the bond is 4.40% and the maturity date is 7 November 2021. As at 31 December 2020, the bond was presented as debt instruments
                     issued due within one year and others (Note 45).

         (xxxvi)     Pursuant to the approval of the CSRC, the Company issued a 3-year unguaranteed bond with a face value of RMB2.40 billion from 13
                     June 2018 to 15 June 2018. The coupon rate of the bond is 4.80% and the maturity date is 15 June 2021. As at 31 December 2020,
                     the bond was presented as debt instruments issued due within one year and others (Note 45).

         (xxxvii)    Pursuant to the approval of the CSRC, the Company issued a 5-year unguaranteed bond with a face value of RMB2.50 billion from 16
                     November 2016 to 17 November 2016. The coupon rate of the bond is 3.38% with the maturity date on 17 November 2021. As at 31
                     December 2020, the bond was presented as debt instruments issued due within one year and others (Note 45).

         (xxxviii)   Pursuant to the approval of the CSRC, the Company issued a 3-year unguaranteed bond with a face value of RMB2.50 billion from 9
                     May 2018 to 10 May 2018. The coupon rate of the bond is 5.09% and the maturity date is 10 May 2021. As at 31 December 2020, the
                     bond was presented as debt instruments issued due within one year and others (Note 45).

         (xxxix)     Pursuant to the approval of the CSRC, the Company issued a 3-year unguaranteed bond with a face value of RMB1.70 billion from 16
                     March 2018 to 20 March 2018. The coupon rate of the bond is 5.14% and the maturity date is 20 March 2021. As at 31 December
                     2020, the bond was presented as debt instruments issued due within one year and others (Note 45).

         (xl)        Pursuant to the resolution of re-authorizing on Issuance of Onshore and Offshore Corporate Debt Financing Instruments approved
                     by General Shareholders’ Meeting in 2016 and approval of the relevant regulators, the Company issued a 3-year unguaranteed
                     subordinated redeemable bond with a face value of RMB5.00 billion from 17 October 2018 to 19 October 2018. The coupon rate of
                     the bond is 4.48% and the maturity date is 19 October 2021. As at 31 December 2020, the bond was presented as debt instruments
                     issued due within one year and others (Note 45).

         (xli)       Pursuant to the approval by the CSRC, the Company issued a 15-year bond with a face value of RMB1.50 billion from 25 May 2006 to
                     2 June 2006, which was guaranteed by CITIC Corporation Limited. The coupon rate of the bond is 4.25% and the maturity date is 31
                     May 2021. As at 31 December 2020, the bond was presented as debt instruments issued due within one year and others (Note 45).


   (b)   Structured notes issued
         As at 31 December 2020, the structured notes issued by the Group amounted to RMB5,354 million (31
         December 2019: RMB821 million) were with maturity dates over one year and coupon rates ranging from 1.70%
         to 3.40% (31 December 2019: 3.00% to 4.80%).




                                                                                CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report               305
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




47 LONG-TERM LOANS
                                                                                            31 December
                                                                                             2020            2019


       Analysed by nature:
          Collateralised loans                                                            573,942         383,334


       Total                                                                              573,942         383,334


       Analysed by maturity:
          Maturity within five years                                                      246,961         383,334
          Maturity over five years                                                        326,981               —


          Total                                                                           573,942         383,334

      As at 31 December 2020, the interest rates on the long-term loans were in the range of 1.37% to 10.00% (31
      December 2019: 2.95% to 10.00%). As at 31 December 2020, the book value of the collateral was RMB1,152 million
      (31 December 2019: RMB404 million).


48 OTHER NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
                                                                                            31 December
                                                                                             2020            2019


       Regulatory risk provision                                                        1,152,322         895,544
       Others                                                                             425,879         483,886


       Total                                                                            1,578,201        1,379,430

49 ISSUED SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                            31 December
                                                                2020                             2019
                                                      Number of                         Number of
                                                          shares         Nominal            shares         Nominal
       Ordinary Shares                                (Thousand)            value       (Thousand)           value


       Registered, issued and fully paid:
          A shares of RMB 1 each                      10,648,448       10,648,448       9,838,580        9,838,580
          H shares of RMB 1 each                       2,278,328        2,278,328       2,278,328        2,278,328


       Total                                          12,926,776       12,926,776      12,116,908       12,116,908




306
49 ISSUED SHARE CAPITAL (Continued)
   The Company issued in total 809,867,629 ordinary A shares to Guangzhou Yuexiu Financial Holding Group Co., Ltd.
   (“Yuexiu Financial Holdings”) and its wholly-owned subsidiary Guangzhou Yuexiu Financial Holding Limited
   (“Financial Holding Co., Ltd.”) for the acquisition of Guangzhou Securities Company Limited (“Guangzhou Securities”).
   On 11 March 2020, the Company has completed the registration and listing procedures in China Securities Depository
   and Clearing Co., Ltd. Shanghai Branch for the placement of ordinary A shares. The newly placed ordinary A shares
   are subject to a sales restriction period of 48 months from the date of the issuance. The total share capital of the
   Company increased to RMB12,926,776,029.00 after such issuance. The increase in capital has been verified by
   PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP with the capital verification report (PwC Zhongtian YZ (2020) No. 0134).


   After the issuance, the Company still meets the listing conditions of the Company Law, the Securities Law, the listing
   rules and other laws and regulations. The largest shareholder of the Company is still CITIC Group., and there is no
   controlling shareholder or actual controlling person.


50 RESERVES
   The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the related movements are presented in the consolidated statement of
   changes in equity.


   (a)   Capital reserve
         Capital reserve primarily includes share premium arising from the issuance of new shares at prices in excess of
         par value.


   (b)   Surplus reserves
         (i)    Statutory surplus reserve
                Pursuant to the Company Law of the PRC, the Company is required to appropriate 10% of its profit for the
                year for the statutory surplus reserve until the reserve balance reaches 50% of its registered capital.


                Subject to the approval of the shareholders, the statutory surplus reserve may be used to offset
                accumulated losses, if any, and may also be converted into capital of the Company, provided that the
                balance of the statutory surplus reserve after this capitalisation is not less than 25% of the registered
                capital immediately before capitalisation.


                As of 31 December 2020, the accumulative statutory surplus reserve of the Company has reached at 50%
                of the registered capital of the Company, there is no need to appropriate statutory surplus reserve for this
                year.


         (ii)   Discretionary surplus reserve
                After making the appropriation to the statutory surplus reserve and other non-discretionary surplus
                reserves, the Company may also appropriate its after-tax profit for the year, as determined under China
                Accounting Standards, to its discretionary surplus reserve upon approval by the General Shareholders’
                Meeting. Subject to the approval of General Shareholders’ Meeting, the discretionary surplus reserve may
                be used to offset accumulated losses, if any, and may be converted into capital of the Company.




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     307
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




50 RESERVES (Continued)
      (c)   General reserves
            Pursuant to the requirements of regulatory authorities, including the Ministry of Finance and the CSRC, the
            Company is required to appropriate 10% of its after-tax profit for the year for the general risk reserve and 10%
            for the transaction risk reserve. These reserves may be used to offset accumulated losses of the Company but
            shall not be declared as dividends or converted into share capital. General reserves also include reserves that
            are established by subsidiaries and branches in certain countries or jurisdictions outside of Mainland China
            in accordance with the regulatory requirements in their respective territories are also included herein. These
            regulatory reserves are not available for distribution.


      (d)   Investment revaluation reserve
            Investment revaluation reserve represents the fair value changes of financial assets at fair value through other
            comprehensive income.


      (e)   Foreign currency translation reserve
            Foreign currency translation reserve represents the exchange difference arising from the translation of the
            financial statements of the subsidiaries incorporated outside Mainland China with functional currencies other than
            RMB.


      (f)   Distributable profits
            The Company’s distributable profits are based on the retained earnings of the Company as determined under
            China Accounting Standards and IFRSs, whichever is lower.


51 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
                                                                                                    31 December
                                                                                                     2020              2019


       Cash and bank balances                                                                 91,109,688        64,442,459
       Less: Restricted funds (Note 36)                                                        (7,529,161)       (4,817,801)
          Interest receivable                                                                    (241,349)         (203,176)


       Cash and cash equivalents                                                              83,339,178        59,421,482




308
52 INTERESTS IN THE UNCONSOLIDATED STRUCTURED ENTITIES
   The Group is involved with structured entities primarily through investments and asset management business. The
   Group determines whether to consolidate these structured entities depending on whether the Group has control over
   them. The interests held by the Group in these unconsolidated structured entities are set out as below:


   Structured entities sponsored by the Group:


   Unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group mainly include investment funds and asset management
   plans sponsored by the Group. The nature and objective of the structured entities is to manage investors’ assets
   and collect management fees. Financing is sustained through investment products issued to investors. The interests
   held by the Group in these unconsolidated structured entities mainly involve management fees and performance fees
   collected from managed structured entities.


   In addition, the Group also held certain interests in structured entities sponsored by the Group.


   In 2020, the Group obtained management fee, commission and performance fee amounting to RMB5,891 million
   during the year ended 31 December 2020 from the unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group, for
   which the Group held no investment as at 31 December 2020 (2019: RMB3,805 million).


   The maximum exposure and the book value of relevant balance sheet items of the Group arising from these
   unconsolidated structured entities sponsored by the Group were set out as below:


                                                                                               31 December 2020
                                                                                              Carrying         Maximum
                                                                                               amount          exposure


    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (Mandatory)                       10,529,515        10,529,515


                                                                                               31 December 2019
                                                                                               Carrying         Maximum
                                                                                                amount          exposure


    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (Mandatory)                        9,619,944         9,619,944




                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   309
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




52 INTERESTS IN THE UNCONSOLIDATED STRUCTURED ENTITIES (Continued)
      Structured entities sponsored by third party financial institutions:


      The maximum exposure and the book value of relevant balance sheet items of the Group arising from the interest held
      in directly invested structured entities that are sponsored by third party financial institutions were set out as below:


                                                                                                    31 December 2020
                                                                                                   Carrying          Maximum
                                                                                                     amount          exposure


       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (Mandatory)                         62,467,099         62,467,099


                                                                                                     31 December 2019
                                                                                                     Carrying         Maximum
                                                                                                     amount           exposure


       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (Mandatory)                         36,002,806         36,002,806

53 TRANSFERRED FINANCIAL ASSETS
      The Group enters into transactions in the normal course of business by which it transfers recognised financial assets
      to third parties or customers. In some cases where these transfers may give rise to full or partial derecognition of the
      financial assets concerned. In other cases where the Group has retained substantially all the risks and rewards of
      these assets, the Group continues to recognise the transferred assets.


      Repurchase transactions
      Transferred financial assets that do not qualify for derecognition include debt securities held by counterparties as
      collateral under repurchase agreements. The counterparties are allowed to repledge those securities sold under
      repurchase agreements in the absence of default by the Group, but has an obligation to return the securities at
      the maturity of the contract. If the securities increase or decrease in value, the Group may in certain circumstances
      require counterparties to return a portion of the collateral or be required to place additional collateral. The Group has
      determined that it retains substantially all the risks and rewards of these securities and therefore does not derecognise
      them. A financial liability is recognised for cash received.


      Securities lending arrangements
      Transferred financial assets that do not qualify for derecognition include securities lent to customers for securities
      selling transactions, for which the customers provide the Group with collateral that could fully cover the credit risk
      exposure of the securities lent. The customers have an obligation to return the securities according to the contracts.
      If the securities increase or decrease in value, the Group may in certain circumstances require customers to return a
      portion of the collateral or to place additional collateral. The Group has determined that it retains substantially all the
      risks and rewards of these securities and therefore does not derecognise them.




310
53 TRANSFERRED FINANCIAL ASSETS (Continued)
   Securities lending arrangements (Continued)
   The following table analyses the carrying amount of the above-mentioned financial assets transferred to third parties or
   customers that did not qualify for derecognition and their associated financial liabilities:


                                                             31 December 2020                       31 December 2019
                                                            Carrying           Carrying             Carrying        Carrying
                                                          amount of          amount of            amount of      amount of
                                                         transferred             related          transferred        related
                                                              assets           liabilities            assets        liabilities


    Repurchase agreements                                 41,688,337         35,407,782           1,362,163      1,297,034
    Securities lending                                     5,419,333                   —            798,791                —


    Total                                                 47,107,670         35,407,782           2,160,954      1,297,034

54 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
   (a)   Capital commitments

                                                                                                      31 December
                                                                                                       2020              2019


            Contracted, but not provided for                                                      3,874,610         264,239

         The above-mentioned capital commitments are mainly in respect of the construction of properties and purchase
         of equipment of the Group.




                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     311
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




54 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES (Continued)
      (b)   Operating lease commitments
            (i)   Operating lease commitments — as a lessor
                  At the end of the reporting year, the future minimum lease receivables of the Group as lessor under
                  significant irrevocable operating lease arrangements are summarized below.


                                                                                                     31 December
                                                                                                      2020              2019


                   Within one year                                                                304,598            331,919
                   After one year but not more than two years                                     296,300            291,071
                   After two years but not more than three years                                  283,407            276,909
                   After three years but not more than four years                                 273,075            268,101
                   After four years but not more than five years                                  233,342            263,592
                   After five years                                                               198,100            442,545


                   Total                                                                        1,588,822          1,874,137

      (c)   Legal proceedings
            From time to time in the ordinary course of business, the Group is subject to claims and are parties to legal and
            regulatory proceedings. As at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the Group was not involved in any material legal,
            or arbitration that if adversely determine, would materially and adversely affect the Group’s financial position or
            results of operations.




312
55 BUSINESS COMBINATION
   (1)   Business combination not under common control
         (a)   Business combination not under common control in this period.

                                                                                                                                      Cash flows from

                                                                                                                      Net profit of         operating

                                                                                                                      the acquiree activities of the

                                                                                                    Revenue of the            from           acquiree    Net cash flows of

                                                           Percentage               Determination acquiree from        acquisition from acquisition      the acquiree from

                                                             of equity              basis on the        acquisition    date to the            date to acquisition date to

                                Acquisition Acquisition        shares Acquisition   acquisition     date to the end     end of the      the end of the      the end of the

               Acquiree               date         cost      obtained method        date              of the period         period             period              period



               CITIC             31 January   12,167,731     100.00% Share          obtain actual          950,576        202,165            (846,962)          (5,726,764)

                 Securities           2020                               issuance     control

                 South China

                 (formerly

                 known as

                 “Guangzhou

                 Securities”)


               Pursuant to the resolutions of the 34th meeting of the 6th Board of Directors held on 9 January 2019
               and the first extraordinary general meeting of shareholders held on 27 May 2019, the Company issued
               809,867,629 ordinary A shares to Yuexiu Financial Holdings and Financial Holding Co., Ltd. to acquire
               100% equity share in Guangzhou Securities with the 99.03% equity share in Guangzhou Futures and
               24.01% equity share in Golden Eagle Fund held by Guangzhou Securities carved out from this acquisition.
               The Company, Yuexiu Financial Holdings and Guangzhou Securities (changed its name to CITIC Securities
               South China Co., Ltd.) signed a compensation agreement. For the assets with actual losses during the
               compensation period, Yuexiu Financial Holdings needs to compensate China CITIC Securities South China
               with the part of the fair value of such assets lower than the fair value on retest date (31 December).


               During the reporting period, the Company has obtained all the necessary approvals for this acquisition,
               including the “Approval for CITIC Securities Co., Ltd. to issue shares to Guangzhou Yuexiu Financial
               Holding Group Co., Ltd. for asset acquisition (zjxk [2019] No. 2871)” issued by CSRC and business
               registration for the transfer of the shares in Guangzhou Securities to the Group was completed in January
               2020, CITIC Securities South China was consolidated as a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company from
               31 January 2020.




                                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report                              313
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




55 BUSINESS COMBINATION (Continued)
      (1)   Business combination not under common control (Continued)
            (b)   Details of the purchase consideration, the net assets acquired and goodwill are as follows:

                                                                                                      CITIC Securities South China
                                                                                                                (formerly known as
                                                                                                           “Guangzhou Securities”)


                   Ordinary shares issued                                                                              12,167,731


                   Total purchase consideration                                                                        12,167,731
                   Less: fair value of identifiable net assets acquired                                                11,200,000


                   Goodwill                                                                                               967,731

            (c)   The fair value and book value of the identifiable assets and liabilities of CITIC Securities South
                  China (formerly known as “Guangzhou Securities”) on the purchase date are as follows:

                                                                                                    Fair value on   Book value on
                                                                                                  acquisition date acquisition date


                   Total assets                                                                       28,189,420       28,189,420
                   Total liabilities                                                                  16,965,729       16,965,729


                   Net asset                                                                          11,223,691       11,223,691
                   Less: non-controlling interests                                                        23,691            23,691


                   Net asset obtained                                                                 11,200,000       11,200,000

                  Method for determining the fair value of identifiable assets and liabilities:


                  The Company adopts asset-based approach to determine the fair value of each identifiable asset and
                  liability of CITIC Securities South China (formerly known as “Guangzhou Securities”) at acquisition date as
                  at 31 January 2020.




314
56 RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES
   (1)   Largest equity holder of the Company

                                                              Place of

          Name of the                          Enterprise registration       Legal           Principal            Registered     Percentage of      Voting     Uniform Social

          shareholder        Relationship      type           and operations representative activities          share capital    equity interest    rights       Credit Code



          CITIC              Largest           State-         Beijing        Zhu Hexin       Financial,         RMB139 billion          15.47%     15.47% 911100007178317092

               Corporation     equity holder     controlled                                    industrial and

               Limited                                                                         other services


   (2)   Related party transactions
         (a)       Largest equity holder of the Company — CITIC Corporation Limited
                   Transactions during the year

                                                                                                                                               2020                  2019


                     Income from providing services                                                                                           5,810                10,613
                     Interest expense                                                                                                         4,135                  2,806

                   Guarantees between related parties
                   During the period from 25 May 2006 to 2 June 2006, the Company issued a 15-year bond with an
                   aggregate face value of RMB1.5 billion which was guaranteed by CITIC Corporation Limited. As at 31
                   December 2020, the total guarantees provided by CITIC Corporation Limited amounted to RMB1.5 billion
                   (31 December 2019: RMB1.5 billion).


         (b)       Subsidiaries
                   Transactions during the year


                                                                                                                                               2020                  2019


                     Interest income                                                                                                      634,557                634,175
                     Investment income                                                                                                    (20,559)               105,482
                     Income from providing services                                                                                         50,565                 17,319
                     Other income                                                                                                                  107                   —
                     Leasing income                                                                                                           4,446                  3,521


                     Interest expenses                                                                                                    330,958                360,232
                     Lease payment                                                                                                        327,024                366,691
                     Expense from receiving services                                                                                               869               1,353




                                                                                             CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report                         315
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




56 RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Continued)
      (2)   Related party transactions (Continued)
            (b)   Subsidiaries (Continued)
                  Balances at the end of the year


                                                                                              31 December
                                                                                              2020             2019


                   Other current assets                                                 36,625,773       23,916,845
                   Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income     8,236,445        8,790,776
                   Deposits for investments                                              4,618,559        2,175,866
                   Derivative financial assets                                          15,516,250        3,508,423
                   Refundable deposits                                                   5,418,811        1,871,471
                   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (Mandatory)    10,162,946           62,145
                   Property, plant and equipment                                               744              744
                   Land use rights and intangible assets                                       184              184
                   Right-of-use assets                                                   1,331,114           54,212


                   Other current liabilities                                             6,227,776        7,113,526
                   Debt instruments issued                                               3,705,075          980,361
                   Derivative financial liabilities                                      1,902,689          646,594
                   Repurchase agreements                                                 3,250,471                  —
                   Due to banks and other financial institutions                                 —          220,014
                   Customer brokerage deposits                                             277,662           78,530
                   Short-term financing instruments payable                                 87,267          140,684
                   Lease liabilities                                                     1,354,115                  —

                  Significant balances and transactions between the Parent and subsidiaries set out above have been
                  eliminated in the consolidated financial statements.


                  As at 31 December 2020, the collective assets management plans managed by the Company and held by
                  the Company and its subsidiaries amounted to RMB693 million (31 December 2019: RMB603 million).




316
56 RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Continued)
   (2)   Related party transactions (Continued)
         (c)   Subsidiaries and joint ventures of the largest equity holder of the Parent
               Transactions during the year


                                                                                                                             2020                2019


                     Interest income                                                                                     608,104              606,610
                     Income from providing services                                                                      163,208              142,674
                     Leasing income                                                                                       30,921               27,916
                     Investment income                                                                                    33,653               80,972


                     Expense from receiving services                                                                     454,592              151,850
                     Lease payment                                                                                        11,140               16,033
                     Interest expenses                                                                                    26,544               55,068
                     Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                                    7,363                6,643


                     Interest expenses of lease liabilities                                                                 1,367                1,218

               Balances at the end of the year

                                                                                                                            31 December
                                                                                                                             2020                2019


                     Cash held on behalf of customers (i)                                                           33,911,224              19,175,149
                     Cash and bank balances (i)                                                                       1,781,941              1,935,786
                     Right-of-use assets                                                                                  25,684               31,528
                     Other current assets                                                                                 25,594               69,703


                     Lease liabilities                                                                                    25,376               28,850
                     Other current liabilities                                                                            22,722               18,125

               (i)       Represented deposits placed with financial institution subsidiaries of the largest equity holder of the Company.



               As at 31 December 2020, the subsidiaries of the Company’s largest shareholder did not hold in income
               certificates issued by the Company (31 December 2019: RMB15 million).


               As at 31 December 2020, the balance of the repurchase agreement held by the subsidiaries and joint
               ventures of the Company’s largest equity holder is RMB1,436 million (31 December 2019: Nil).




                                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report               317
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




56 RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Continued)
      (2)   Related party transactions (Continued)
            (d)   Controlling equity holder and ultimate parent of the largest equity holder of the Company and its
                  subsidiaries
                  Transactions during the year

                                                                                                   2020             2019


                   Income from providing services                                                18,798           65,014
                   Leasing income                                                                     —            2,209


                   Expense from receiving services                                                5,573            3,803
                   Interest expenses                                                                720            1,197
                   Lease payment                                                                 39,289           37,094
                   Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                           18,219            4,925

                   Interest expenses of lease liabilities                                         2,665              359

                  Balances at the end of the year

                                                                                                  31 December
                                                                                                   2020             2019


                   Right-of-use assets                                                           53,448           71,352
                   Other current assets                                                           1,525           16,009


                   Lease liabilities                                                             53,621           70,065
                   Other current liabilities                                                         68                68

                  As of 31 December 2020, the Controlling equity holder and ultimate parent of the largest equity holder of
                  the Company and its subsidiaries did not hold in structured notes issued by the Company (31 December
                  2019: RMB3.5 billion).




318
56 RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Continued)
   (2)   Related party transactions (Continued)
         (e)   Shareholder who directly and indirectly holds more than 5% shares of the Company — Yuexiu
               Financial Holdings and Financial Holdings Limited, its party acting in concert
               Transactions during the year

                                                                                                2020               2019


                Interest expenses                                                          109,997
                Income from providing services                                                2,344
                Lease payment                                                                 1,154

               Balances at the end of the year

                                                                                              31 December
                                                                                                2020               2019


                Other current assets                                                             210
                Other current liabilities                                                2,290,319

         (f)   Associates
               Transactions during the year
                                                                                                2020               2019


                Leasing income                                                                    —                2,493
                Income from providing services                                                    —                   1


                Expense from receiving services                                              11,190                1,028
                Interest expenses                                                             9,432                   —


                Equity investments                                                           10,223            62,748

               Balances at the end of the year

                                                                                              31 December
                                                                                                2020               2019


                Other current liabilities                                                     1,222                 716

               As of 31 December 2020, the Associates of the Company hold RMB0.9 billion in structured notes issued
               by the Company (31 December 2019: Nil).




                                                             CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     319
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




56 RELATED PARTY DISCLOSURES (Continued)
      (2)   Related party transactions (Continued)
            (g)    Joint Ventures
                   Transactions during the year
                                                                                                           2020                2019


                    Lease income                                                                              —                  35

57 FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY
      Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction in the
      principal (or most advantageous) market at the measurement date under current market conditions (i.e. an exit price)
      regardless of whether that price is directly observable or estimated using another valuation technique.

      Fair value hierarchy
      The Group uses the following hierarchy for determining and disclosing the fair values of financial instruments:


      Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets, in which the Group principally trades, for identical financial
      assets or financial liabilities at the measurement date.


      Level 2: Valuation techniques using inputs other than quoted prices included within level 1 that are observable for the
      financial asset or financial liability, either directly or indirectly.


      Level 3: Valuation techniques using inputs for the financial asset or financial liability that are not based on observable
      market data (unobservable inputs).




320
57 FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY (Continued)
   (a)   Financial instruments recorded at fair value
          31 December 2020                                  Level 1          Level 2           Level 3                Total


          Financial assets:
          Financial assets at fair value through
            profit or loss (Mandatory)
            — Debt securities                            67,116,217     107,790,156         2,923,915       177,830,288
            — Equity investments                        147,564,813      10,247,984        17,551,143       175,363,940
            — Others                                      4,670,179      47,168,131           344,994        52,183,304

          Subtotal                                      219,351,209     165,206,271        20,820,052       405,377,532

          Financial assets at fair value through
            profit or loss (Designated)                   3,555,297       1,192,151         9,855,880        14,603,328

          Derivative financial assets                      829,193       16,963,281         2,365,516        20,157,990

          Financial assets at fair value through
            other comprehensive income
            — Debt securities                            17,864,405      30,895,670           640,825        49,400,900
            — Equity investments                                 —       16,440,224           195,277        16,635,501

          Subtotal                                       17,864,405      47,335,894           836,102        66,036,401

          Total                                         241,600,104     230,697,597        33,877,550       506,175,251

          Financial liabilities:
          Financial liabilities at fair value through
            profit or loss
            — Financial liabilities held for trading      5,216,469       2,166,069                233        7,382,771
            — Financial liabilities designated as
              at fair value through profit or loss             769       27,081,056        23,944,148        51,025,973

          Subtotal                                        5,217,238      29,247,125        23,944,381        58,408,744

          Derivative financial liabilities                 663,812       37,724,669         8,487,725        46,876,206

          Total                                           5,881,050      66,971,794        32,432,106       105,284,950




                                                                CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     321
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




57 FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY (Continued)
      (a)   Financial instruments recorded at fair value (Continued)
             31 December 2019                                  Level 1       Level 2      Level 3         Total


             Financial assets:
             Financial assets at fair value through
                profit or loss (Mandatory)
                — Debt securities                           66,361,963   148,395,345     272,223    215,029,531
                — Equity investments                        74,860,614     6,470,501   12,829,352    94,160,467
                — Others                                     6,753,957    30,799,995    2,043,103    39,597,055


             Subtotal                                      147,976,534   185,665,841   15,144,678   348,787,053


             Financial assets at fair value through
                profit or loss (Designated)                         —      5,818,687     742,567      6,561,254


             Derivative financial assets                      278,357      7,072,716           —      7,351,073


             Financial assets at fair value through
                other comprehensive income
                — Debt securities                            5,089,193    18,594,870           —     23,684,063
                — Equity investments                                —     16,074,056     205,313     16,279,369


             Subtotal                                        5,089,193    34,668,926     205,313     39,963,432


             Total                                         153,344,084   233,226,170   16,092,558   402,662,812


             Financial liabilities:
             Financial liabilities at fair value through
               profit or loss
                — Financial liabilities held for trading     8,701,593     3,421,281        4,269    12,127,143
                — Financial liabilities designated as
                 at fair value through profit or loss               —     38,636,507    6,953,349    45,589,856


             Subtotal                                        8,701,593    42,057,788    6,957,618    57,716,999


             Derivative financial liabilities                 204,448     13,787,302           —     13,991,750


             Total                                           8,906,041    55,845,090    6,957,618    71,708,749




322
57 FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY (Continued)
   (b)   Valuation techniques used and the qualitative and quantitative information of key
         parameters for fair value measurement categorized within Level 2
         For debt instruments at fair value through profit or loss and at fair value through other comprehensive income
         whose value is available on China bond pricing system on the valuation date is measured using the latest
         valuation results published by China bond pricing system.


         For debt instruments at fair value through profit or loss and at fair value through other comprehensive income
         whose value is not available on China bond pricing system, the fair value is determined by valuation technique.
         The inputs of those valuation techniques include risk-free interest rate, implied volatility curve, RMB denominated
         swap yield curve, etc., which are all observable.


         For equity instruments at fair value through other comprehensive income, the fair value is determined by the
         equity investment account report provided by CSF.


         For forward contracts in derivative financial instruments, the fair value is measured by discounting the differences
         between the contract prices and market prices of the underlying financial instruments. Fair value of swap
         contracts under derivative financial instruments is calculated based on the difference between the quoted prices
         or discounted cash flows of underlying financial instruments and the fixed income agreed in the contracts.


         During the year ended 31 December 2020, there were no changes of valuation techniques for Level 2.


   (c)   Valuation techniques used and the qualitative and quantitative information of key
         parameters for fair value measurements categorized within Level 3
         For unlisted equity investments, fund investments, bond investments, stocks instruments without quoted prices
         in active markets, listed equity instruments with disposal restriction in a specific period, trusts, Over-the-counter
         options, financial liabilities, etc., the Group adopts significant judgements and applies counterparties’ quotations
         and valuation techniques to determine the fair value. Valuation techniques include a discounted cash flow
         analysis, the market comparison approach, the option pricing model and the monte carlo model etc. The fair
         value measurement of these financial instruments may involve unobservable inputs such as liquidity discounts,
         volatility and risk adjusted discount rate and price to book ratios, etc. The fair value of the financial instruments
         classified under level 3 is not significantly sensitive to a reasonable change in these unobservable inputs.


         During the period ended 31 December 2020, there were no changes of valuation techniques for Level 3.




                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     323
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




57 FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY (Continued)
      (d)   Movements in Level 3 financial instruments measured at fair value
            The reconciliations of the opening and closing balances of Level 3 financial assets and liabilities which are
            recorded at fair value are presented below:


                                                                               Total (losses)/
                                                                 Total gains/ gains recorded
                                                       As at          (losses)        in other                                 Transfers       Transfers       Transfers       Transfers           As at
                                                   1 January     recorded in comprehensive                                     to Level 3      to Level 3      to Level 1      to Level 2   31 December
                                                        2020    profit or loss         income     Additions   Decreases     from Level 1    from Level 2    from Level 3    from Level 3           2020


             Financial assets:
             Financial assets at fair value
                through profit
                or loss (Mandatory)
               — Debt instruments                     272,223        (72,373)          (19,325)   1,587,219           —               —        1,156,171              —               —        2,923,915
               — Equity instruments                12,829,352       (744,628)          (23,201)   3,779,649     (691,159)             —        3,036,359              —         (635,229)     17,551,143
               — Others                             2,043,103       (220,548)          (11,592)     170,378   (1,810,963)             —          174,616              —               —          344,994
             Financial assets at fair value
                through profit
                or loss (Designated)                 742,567       3,778,900           (25,010)    669,462      (161,962)             —        4,851,923              —               —        9,855,880
             Derivative financial assets                  —               —                 —           —             —               —        2,365,516              —               —        2,365,516
             Financial assets at fair value
                through other comprehensive
                income                               205,313              —            (40,436)    344,064            —               —          327,161              —               —          836,102

             Financial liabilities:
             Financial liabilities at fair value
                through profit or loss
               — Financial liabilities
                designated as
                at fair value
                through profit
                or loss                             6,953,349      2,968,125                —            —      (129,635)             —       14,152,309              —               —       23,944,148
               — Financial liabilities
                held for trading                        4,269             —                 —            —        (4,269)             —              233              —               —              233
             Derivative financial liabilities              —              —                 —            —            —               —        8,487,725              —               —        8,487,725




324
57 FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY (Continued)
   (d)   Movements in Level 3 financial instruments measured at fair value (Continued)
                                                                                  Total gains/
                                                               Total gains/            (losses)
                                                      As at         (losses)   recorded in other                                    Transfers       Transfers       Transfers       Transfers          As at
                                                  1 January    recorded in     comprehensive                                       to Level 3      to Level 3      to Level 1      to Level 2   31 December
                                                      2019    profit or loss          income       Additions      Decreases     from Level 1    from Level 2    from Level 3    from Level 3           2019


           Financial assets:
           Financial assets at fair value
              through profit or loss
              (Mandatory)
             — Debt instruments                      46,862          (6,894)            2,112             —               —               —         230,143               —              —          272,223
             — Equity instruments                17,211,704      (382,336)              2,234      1,750,184      (2,292,531)             —         158,139               —      (3,618,042)     12,829,352
             — Others                             1,448,324        (62,128)            16,075      1,127,458        (252,491)             —         161,984               —        (396,119)      2,043,103
           Financial assets at fair value
              through profit or loss
              (Designated)                         566,548          60,296                 —        116,479             (756)             —               —               —               —         742,567
           Financial assets at fair
              value through other
              comprehensive income                 221,778               —            (16,465)            —               —               —               —               —               —         205,313

           Financial liabilities:
           Financial liabilities at fair value
              through profit or loss
             — Financial liabilities
              designated as at
              fair value through
              profit or loss                      5,426,224     1,805,166                  —              —        (278,041)              —               —               —               —       6,953,349
             — Financial liabilities
              held for trading                           —               —                 —          4,269               —               —               —               —               —           4,269


         The amount of realized investment income recognized in profit or loss from Level 3 financial instruments held by
         the Group was RMB421 million in 2020 (2019: RMB421 million).


   (e)   Transfers between Level 1 and Level 2
         In 2020, the amount of financial assets held by the Group transferred from Level 1 to Level 2 was RMB62 million
         (2019: RMB51 million) and the amount of financial assets from Level 2 to Level 1 was RMB306 million (2019:
         RMB806 million).


   (f)   Financial instruments not measured at fair value
         At the end of the reporting year, the following financial assets and liabilities of the Group are not measured at fair
         value:


         (i)        For refundable deposits, reverse repurchase agreements, cash held on behalf of customers, cash and
                    bank balances, fee and commission receivables, margin accounts, due from banks and other financial
                    institutions, customer brokerage deposits, repurchase agreements, short-term loans, due to banks and
                    other financial institutions, short-term financing instruments payable and lease liabilities, these financial
                    instruments’ fair values approximate to their carrying amounts.




                                                                                                               CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report                                     325
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




57 FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY (Continued)
      (f)   Financial instruments not measured at fair value (Continued)
            (ii)   The recorded amounts and fair values of debt instruments issued are summarized below.


                                                                   Carrying amount                      Fair value
                                                            31 December      31 December 31 December          31 December
                                                                     2020             2019            2020             2019


                    Debt instruments issued                  132,516,912       89,420,833      133,906,579      91,052,004

58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT
      Overview
      The Company always believes that effective risk management and internal control are critical to its successful
      operation. The Company has implemented comprehensive risk management and internal control processes, through
      which it monitors, evaluates and manages the financial, operational, compliance and legal risks that it is exposed to in
      its business activities, and implements vertical risk management of its subsidiaries through different models including
      business guidance, operational support and decision-making management.


      The Company has established a complete and effective governance structure in accordance with relevant laws,
      regulations and regulatory requirements. The Company’s general meeting, the Board and Supervisory Committee
      perform their duties to oversee and manage the operation of the Company based on the Company Law, Securities
      Law, and the Articles of Association of the Company. By strengthening the relevant internal control arrangements and
      improving the Company’s internal control environment and internal control structures, the Board has now incorporated
      internal control and risk management as essential elements in the Company’s decision-making processes.


      Structure of Risk Management
      The major organizational framework of the risk management of the Company consists of the Risk Management
      Committee under the Board, the professional committees under the Operation Management, the relevant internal
      control departments and business departments/business lines. The relatively comprehensive three-level risk
      management system enables a network of collective decision making among the respective committees, and
      close cooperation between internal control departments and business departments/business lines, and manages
      risks through review, decision, execution and supervision. At the division and business line level, the Company has
      established three lines of defence in risk management, that is, business departments/business lines to assume the
      primary responsibility for risk management, internal control departments, including the Risk Management Department
      and the Compliance Department, to conduct professional management of all types of risks and the Audit Department
      to take charge of post-supervision and evaluation.




326
58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
   Structure of Risk Management (Continued)
   Level 1: The Board
   The Risk Management Committee of the Board supervises the overall risk management of the Company with the aim
   of controlling risks within an acceptable scope and ensures smooth implementation of effective risk management
   schemes over risks related to operating activities; prepares overall risk management policies for the Board’s review;
   formulates strategic structure and resources to be allocated for the Company’s risk management purposes and keeps
   them in line with the internal risk management policies of the Company; sets boundaries for major risk indicators;
   performs supervision and review on the risk management policies and makes recommendation to the Board.


   Level 2: Operation Management
   The Company has established the Assets and Liabilities Management Committee. Within the authority delegated by
   the Board and the Operation Management of the Company, the committee makes decisions on and reviews major
   issues and related systems involving application of the Company’s proprietary capital. For the purpose of ensuring
   the Company’s capital security, the committee optimizes assets allocation and improves the efficiency of the capital
   application via a scientific, standardized and prudent approach under strict control and management over risk
   exposures.


   The Company has established the Capital Commitment Committee. The committee performs final risk assessment
   and reviews on capital commitment of the underwriting business within the authority delegated by the Board and the
   Operation Management of the Company. All corporate finance business involving application of capital of the Company
   is subject to the approval by the Capital Commitment Committee to ensure an acceptable level of risk exposure of the
   corporate finance activities and security of capital of the Company.


   The Company has established the Risk Management Committee. This committee reports to the Risk Management
   Committee of the Board and the Operation Management of the Company, and is responsible for monitoring and
   managing the daily risks of the Company within its designated authority, deciding on and approving material matters
   related to risk management and relevant system and setting limits for risk. The Risk Management Committee
   comprises a risk management sub-working group and a reputation risk management sub-working group. The risk
   management sub-working group is the main body responsible for the daily monitoring and management of the financial
   risks over the Company’s proprietary investment business and facilitating the execution of the decisions made by
   the Risk Management Committee of the Company. With regular working meeting, the risk management sub-working
   group has set up specific working groups led by specific risk management control experts with the involvement of
   related business departments/business lines separately in accordance with market risks, credit risks, liquidity risks and
   operational risks to respond to pending matters from daily monitoring or decisions made by the higher authorities in
   a timely manner through the establishment of coordination on implementation level. The reputation risk management
   sub-working group is the daily management body of reputation risks and is responsible for establishing relevant rules
   and management mechanisms, preventing and identifying reputation risks, responding to and tackling reputation
   events in a proactive and effective manner and mitigating any negative effect to the largest extent.


   The Company has appointed the Chief Risk Officer to be responsible for coordinating the overall risk management
   work.




                                                                CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report    327
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
      Structure of Risk Management (Continued)
      Level 2: Operation Management (Continued)
      The Company has established the Product Committee. Under the authority of the Board and the Operation
      Management of the Company, the Product Committee uniformly makes plans, preparation and decisions regarding
      the products and service business of the Company. It reviews the launch or sales of products and provides related
      service, and is the decision-making body of the appropriateness management for the launch of financial products of
      the Company. The Risk Evaluation Group and the Suitability Management Group were established under the Product
      Committee. The Risk Evaluation Group is responsible for reviewing the qualification of the principal which entrusted the
      Company to sell products, and is tasked with organizing the specific product evaluation, establishing the classification
      criteria and methods of risks associated with products or services of the Company, performing risk assessment
      and risk grading on products or services, as well as supervising the management of product terms. The Suitability
      Management Group is responsible for formulating the criteria for investor classification and principles and procedures
      for appropriate matching of investors, supervising departments to implement investor suitability management work,
      organizing suitability training and suitability self-examination and rectification at the company level, and supervising the
      establishment and improvement of investor appropriateness evaluation database and other work related to suitability
      management. The Index Professional Committee is responsible for unified management of the planning, operation and
      maintenance of the Company’s self-developed index business, including formulating the systems and standards for
      the operation and maintenance of Company’s index business, specifying the treatment plan and accountability system
      for risk events, making plans for the layout of such business, and conducting online review of the Company’s self-
      developed indexes.


      Level 3: Division/Business Units
      At the division and business line level, the Company has segregated the roles and responsibilities of the front office,
      middle office and back office to ensure the establishment of a system of “checks and balances”, forming three lines
      of defence in risk management jointly built by business departments/business lines, internal control departments
      including the Risk Management Department and the Compliance Department, as well as the Audit Department.


      Being the Company’s first line of defence in risk management, front-office business departments/business lines
      of the Company bear the first-line responsibility for risk management. These departments are responsible for the
      establishment of business management systems and risk management systems for various businesses and perform
      supervision, assessment and reporting on business risks and contain such risks within the approved limits.




328
58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
   Structure of Risk Management (Continued)
   Level 3: Division/Business Units (Continued)
   Internal control departments such as Risk Management Department and Compliance Department of the Company are
   the second line of defence in risk management, of which:


   The Risk Management Department of the Company performs risk identification, measurement, analysis, monitoring,
   reporting and management. The department analyzes and assesses the overall risks of the Company and each of its
   business lines and recommends on optimized allocation of risk resources; assists the Risk Management Committee of
   the Company in the preparation of risk management indicators such as risk limits, as well as supervision and reporting
   on the execution of the risk limits; establishes and improves the timely reporting and feedback mechanism among
   front office, the Risk Management Department and the Operation Management, and regularly discloses the general
   risk portfolio of the Company to the Operation Management and makes recommendations on risk management;
   establishes a comprehensive stress test mechanism as a basis for major decision making and daily operational
   adjustment and fulfillment of regulatory requirements; performs pre-risk assessment and control over new products
   and businesses.


   The Compliance Department of the Company organizes the establishment and implementation of the basic
   compliance system of the Company, provides compliance advice and makes inquiry to the Operation Management,
   departments/business lines and branches of the Company, monitors lawful compliance of management and operating
   activities; supervises and instructs the departments/business lines and branches of the Company to assess, develop,
   modify and improve internal management systems and business processes based on changes in laws, regulations and
   guidelines; performs compliance pre-reviews on internal management systems, important decisions, new products,
   new businesses and key business activities launched by the Company; fulfills the regular and non-regular obligations of
   reporting to regulatory authorities; organizes and performs money laundering risk control in accordance with the anti-
   money laundering system of the Company, etc.


   The Legal Department of the Company is responsible for oversight of the legal risks of the Company and its relevant
   businesses.


   The Office of the Board of the Company promotes the management over the reputation risk of the Company in
   conjunction with the General Manager’s Office, Risk Management Department, Compliance Department, Human
   Resources Department, Legal Department, Information Technology Centre, Audit Department and other relevant
   departments.


   The Information Technology Centre of the Company is responsible for managing the IT risks of the Company.


   The Audit Department of the Company is the third line of defence in risk management and has the overall responsibility
   for internal audit, planning and implementing internal audit of all departments/business lines of the Company, its
   subsidiaries and branches, monitoring the implementation of internal control systems, preventing various moral and
   policy risks, and assisting the Company with the investigation of emergency events.


   Other internal control departments exercise their respective risk management functions within the scope of their
   responsibilities.


                                                               CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   329
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
      (a)   Credit risk
            Credit risk refers to the risk of an economic loss caused by the failure of customers, counterparties or issuers of
            debt financing instruments (also referred to as financiers) to perform their contractual obligations.


            Credit risks of the Group mostly arise from four aspects: firstly, the credit risks relating to the brokerage business
            in respect of securities trading and futures trading on behalf of clients are primarily attributed to no adequate
            trading deposit from clients, which is regulated to pay in advance, as the Group have the responsibility to settle
            on behalf of clients when the clients do not have sufficient funds to pay for transactions, or short of funds due to
            other factors on the settlement date; secondly, the credit risks relating to the financing businesses in respect of
            margin financing, securities lending, stock repo, and stock-pledged repo, are primarily attributed to operational
            misconducts including fraudulent credit information, failure to repay debts in full in a timely manner, violation of
            contracts and regulatory requirements, insufficient liquidity due to legal disputes over collateral assets; thirdly,
            credit risks relating to credit investment are primarily due to counter party defaults, or credit issuer defaults to
            pay principal and interest on due dates or a decline in the credit worthiness of issuers; and fourthly, the credit
            risks relating to the OTC derivative transactions in respect of interest rate swap, equity swap, OTC option
            and forwards, etc. are primarily attributed to the counterparties’ failure to perform their payment obligations in
            accordance with contracts at maturity.


            The Company assesses the credit ratings of counterparties or issuers through its internal credit rating systems,
            assesses its credit risks by means of stress testing and sensitivity analysis, and manages credit risks based on
            the testing results through credit system. Meanwhile, the Company monitor its credit risks through information
            management systems in real time, keeps track of the credit risks of the business products and counterparties,
            provides analysis and warning reports, and adjust its credit exposure limits timely.


            Securities brokerage transactions in Mainland China are required to be settled in full trading deposit, which helps
            to control the settlement risks associated with the brokerage business.


            Credit risk arising from the securities financing business primarily includes clients’ provision of false information,
            failure to make full repayment in a timely manner, contractual breach of portfolio limits and compositions, violation
            of regulatory requirements for trading activities, and provision of collateral encumbered with legal disputes, and
            etc. Control over credit risks for the financing businesses is managed primarily through risk management education
            programmes for clients, credit due diligence and verification of clients, credit limits, risk assessment on collateralized
            (pledged) securities, daily mark to market of exposure, issuing risk notification to clients, forced position liquidation and
            legal recourse.


            For credit investment, in respect of private equity investment, the Company has established the product entrance
            level and investment caps, uses methods of risk assessment, risk notification and legal recourse to managed
            its credit risks, and in respect of public offering investments, the Company has developed certain investment
            restrictions based on the credit ratings of counterparties through the credit system.




330
58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
   (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
         The counterparties in OTC derivative transactions are mainly financial institutions and other professional
         institutions, the main credit risks are attributed to the counterparties’ failure to perform payments obligation on
         time, their failure to make up the trading deposits timely when the losses occurred and discrepancy in valuation
         of products between the Company and the counterparties. The Company monitors and control credit risk
         exposure of counterparties with certain proportions for the trading deposits and within established limits by
         adopting mark-to-market practices of derivatives transactions, and margin call for related collateral as well as
         forced position liquidating procedures, and carries out legal recourse upon the remaining credit exposure after
         forced liquidation.


         Expected credit loss (ECL) measurement
         The measurement of the ECL allowance for financial instruments, including investments in financial assets
         measured at amortized cost (including margin accounts, reverse repurchase agreements), FVOCI and securities
         lending is an area that requires the use of models and assumptions about the future economic conditions and
         credit behavior of the clients (such as the likelihood of customers defaulting and the resulting losses).


         The Company has applied a ‘three-stage’ impairment model for ECL measurement based on changes in credit
         quality since the initial recognition of financial instruments as summarized below:


         —     A financial instrument that is not credit-impaired on initial recognition is classified as “Stage 1” and has its
               credit risk continuously monitored by the Company;


         —     If a significant increase in credit risk (“SICR”) since initial recognition is identified, the financial instrument is
               moved to “Stage 2” but is not yet deemed to be credit-impaired;


         —     If the financial instrument is credit-impaired, the financial instrument is moved to “Stage 3”.


         Stage 1: The Company measures the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount equal to the next 12
         months ECL. Stage 2 and 3: The Company measures the loss allowance for a financial instrument at an amount
         equal to the lifetime ECL. Purchased or originated credit-impaired financial assets are those financial assets that
         are credit-impaired on initial recognition. The ECL is always measured on a lifetime basis.


         For Stage 1 and Stage 2, the ECL is measured on a 12-month (12M) and Lifetime basis, respectively, using the
         risk parameter modelling approach that incorporated key parameters, including Probability of Default (“PD”), Loss
         Given Default (“LGD”), Exposure at Default (“EAD”) and Loss Ratio (“LR”) taking into consideration of forward
         looking factors. For credit-impaired financial assets classified under Stage 3, the management assesses the
         credit loss allowances by estimating the cash flows expected to arise from the financial assets after taking into
         consideration of forward looking factors.




                                                                     CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report        331
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
      (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
            Expected credit loss (ECL) measurement (Continued)
            Measuring ECL – inputs, assumptions and estimation techniques
            The measurement of ECL adopted by the management according to IFRS 9, involves judgements, assumptions
            and estimations, including:


            •     Selection of the appropriate models and assumptions;


            •     Determination of the criteria for significant increase in credit risk (“SICR”), definition of default and credit
                  impairment;


            •     Establishment of the number and relative weightings of forward-looking scenarios for each type of product.


            For debt securities investments, ECL is the discounted product of the PD, LGD and EAD after considering
            the forward-looking impact. For Financing Assets, ECL are the discounted product of the LR and EAD after
            considering the forward-looking impact.


            —     PD represents the likelihood of a borrower defaulting on its financial obligation, either over the next
                  12 months (12M PD), or over the remaining lifetime (Lifetime PD) of the obligation. For debt securities
                  investments, the appropriate external and internal credit ratings are taken into consideration.


            —     LGD represents the Company’s expectation of the extent of loss on a defaulted exposure. For debt
                  securities investments, LGD is determined based on assessed publicly available information.


            —     EAD is based on the amounts the Company expects to be owed at the time of default, over the next 12
                  months (12M EAD) or over the remaining lifetime (Lifetime EAD).


            —     LR represents the Company’s expectation of the likelihood of default and extent of loss on exposure. The
                  Company uses historical loss rates and assesses their appropriateness. The Company determines LR
                  based on factors including: the coverage ratio of related loan to underlying collateral value and the volatility
                  of such collateral’s valuation, the realized value of collateral upon forced liquidation taking account the
                  estimated volatility over the realization period.


            The criteria of significant increase in credit risk (“SICR”)
            The Company evaluates the financial instruments at each financial statement date after considering whether a
            SICR has occurred since initial recognition. An ECL allowance for financial instruments is recognized according
            to the stage of ECL, which reflects the reasonable information and evidence available about the SICR and is also
            forward-looking. The Company considers a financial instrument to have experienced SICR when one or more of
            the following quantitative, qualitative or backstop criteria have been met.


            The Company considers debt securities investments to have experienced a SICR if the latest internal ratings of
            issuers of debt securities or the debt securities themselves underwent two levels of downward migration or more,
            compared to their ratings on initial recognition; or if the latest external ratings of the debt securities or the issuers
            of the debt securities were under investment grade.

332
58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
   (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
         Expected credit loss (ECL) measurement (Continued)
         The criteria of significant increase in credit risk (“SICR”) (Continued)
         The Company considers Financing Assets to have experienced a SICR if margin calls are triggered when the
         threshold of relevant collateral to loan ratios are below a force liquidation level.


         A backstop is applied to all relevant financial instruments and they are considered to have experienced a SICR
         if the borrower, the counterparty, the issuer or the debtor is more than 30 days past due on its contractual
         payments.


         Financial instruments are considered to have a low risk when the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its
         contractual cash flow obligations in the near term and adverse changes in economic and business conditions in
         the longer term may, but will not necessarily, reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfil its contractual cash flow
         obligations.


         The Company has not used the low credit risk exemption as 31 December 2020.


         Definition of credit-impaired assets
         The Company assesses whether a financial instrument is credit-impaired in accordance with IFRS 9, in a manner
         consistent with its internal credit risk policies for managing financial instruments. The consideration includes
         quantitative criteria and qualitative criteria. The Company defines a financial instrument as credit-impaired, which
         is fully aligned with the definition of “in default”, when it meets one or more of the following criteria:


         •     The borrower is more than 90 days past due on its contractual payments;


         •     For Financing Assets, a forced liquidation of a client’s position is triggered based on a pre-determined
               threshold of collateral to loan ratios and the collateral valuation falls short of the related loan or repo
               amounts;


         •     The latest external ratings of issuers of debt securities or debt securities themselves are in default grade;


         •     The debtor, issuer, borrower or counterparty is in significant financial difficulty;


         •     An active market for that financial instrument has disappeared because of financial difficulties;


         •     Concessions have been made by the Company relating to the debtor, issuer, borrower or counterparty’s
               financial difficulty;


         •     It is becoming probable that the debtor, issuer, borrower, or counterparty will enter bankruptcy or
               undertake a financial restructuring.


         When a financial instrument is considered to be credit-impaired, it may be the result of multiple events, not due
         to a separately identifiable event.


                                                                   CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   333
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
      (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
            Expected credit loss (ECL) measurement (Continued)
            Forward-looking information
            The assessment of SICR and the calculation of ECL both incorporate forward-looking information.


            For debt securities investments, the Company has performed historical data analysis and identified the key
            economic variables impacting credit risk and ECL. Key economic variables mainly include the growth rate of
            Domestic GDP, producer price index and the total retail sales of consumer goods. The Company makes forward
            looking adjustments to the ECL of debt securities investments by analyzing the impacts of these economic
            variables.


            For Financing Assets, based on the analysis of the characteristics of these products, the Company has identified
            the key economic variables impacting credit risk and ECL for these financial instrument portfolio include
            Volatility of Shanghai Composite Index and Shenzhen Composite Index. The Company makes forward looking
            adjustments to the ECL of Financing Assets by analyzing the impacts of these economic variables.


            In addition to the base economic scenario, the Company’s expert team also provided other possible scenarios
            along with scenario weightings. The number of other scenarios used is set based on an analysis of each major
            product type to ensure non-linearities are captured. The number of scenarios and their attributes are reassessed
            at each financial statement date.


            As at 31 December 2020, the Company concluded that three scenarios appropriately captured the non-
            linearities of key economic variables for all portfolios. The scenario weightings are determined by a combination
            of statistical analysis and expert judgement, taking account of the range of possible outcomes each chosen
            scenario is representative of. The probability-weight of the three scenarios employed by the Company were
            almost same.


            The Company measures ECL as either a probability weighted 12 month ECL (Stage 1), or a probability weighted
            lifetime ECL (Stages 2 and 3). These probability-weighted ECLs are determined by running each scenario
            through the relevant ECL model and multiplying it by the appropriate scenario weighting.


            As with any economic forecasts, the projections and likelihoods of occurrence are subject to a high degree of
            inherent uncertainty and therefore the actual outcomes may be significantly different to those projected. The
            Company considers these forecasts to represent its best estimate of the possible outcomes as at the financial
            statement date.




334
58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
   (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
         Expected credit loss (ECL) measurement (Continued)
         Sensitivity analysis
         The allowance for credit losses could be sensitive to the inputs used in internally developed models,
         macroeconomic variables in the forward-looking forecasts, weighting applied to economic scenarios and other
         factors considered when applying expert judgement. Changes in these inputs, assumptions and judgements are
         likely to have an impact on the assessment of significant increase in credit risk and the measurement of ECLs.
         The Company regularly rechecks the model annually and makes appropriate amendments to the assumptions
         and parameters used in the models according to the specific situation. The adjustment of the model and
         parameters this year has no significant impact on ECL.


         A sensitivity analysis is performed on key economic indicators, economic scenarios and weightings assigned
         used in forward-looking measurement. When the assigned weightings of optimistic scenario and pessimistic
         scenario change by 10%, the impact on ECL recognized is not significant.


         Meanwhile, the Company also uses sensitivity analysis to monitor the impact of changes to the credit risk
         classification of the financial assets on ECL. As at 31 December 2020, assuming there was no significant
         increase in credit risk since initial recognition, and all the financial assets in Stage 2 were moved to Stage 1, the
         decremental impact on ECL recognized in financial statements is not significant.


         Collateral and other credit enhancements
         The Company employs a range of policies and credit enhancements to mitigate credit risk exposure to an
         acceptable level. The most common of these is accepting collateral through funds advanced or guarantees. The
         Company determines the type and amount of collaterals according to the credit risk evaluation of counterparties.
         The collateral under Financing Assets are primarily stocks, debt securities, funds etc. Management tests the
         market value of collateral periodically, and makes margin calls according to related agreements. It also monitors
         the market value fluctuation of collateral when reviewing the measurement of the loss allowance.


         Loss Ratio of Financing Assets
         Based on the obligors’ credit quality, contract maturity date, the related collateral securities information, which
         including the sector situation, liquidity, discount factor, concentration, volatility and related information, the
         Company sets differentiated collateral to loan ratios (generally no less than 150%) as triggering margin calls and
         force liquidation thresholds (collateral to loan ratios generally no less than 130%) against different exposures
         related to these transactions.


         —    For margin accounts, securities lending, stock repo and stock-pledged repo under reverse repurchase
              agreements (“Financing Assets”) exposures with collateral to loan ratios above the force liquidation
              thresholds and those past due for no more than 30 days are classified under Stage 1.


         —    For Financing Assets exposures with collateral to loan ratios fall below the pre-determined force liquidation
              thresholds but above 100%; or those past due for more than 30 days are considered to be with significant
              increase in credit risks and are classified under Stage 2.




                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     335
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
      (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
            Expected credit loss (ECL) measurement (Continued)
            Loss Ratio of Financing Assets (Continued)
            —     For Financing Assets exposures with collateral to loan ratios fall below 100%; or those past due for more
                  than 90 days are considered to be credit-impaired and non-performing. These exposures are classified
                  under Stage 3.


            Loss ratio applied by the Company on its Financing Assets under the 3 stages were as follows:


            Stage 1: 0.3% to 0.5% according to different collateral ratios;


            Stage 2: No less than 10%;


            Stage 3: Discounted cash flow on individual exposure.


            Credit Risk exposure analysis
            The Company considered the credit risk of the Financing Assets was relatively low. As at 31 December 2020 and
            31 December 2019, most of the Financing Assets’ ratio to underlying collateral value was over force liquidation
            level. As at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019, most of the debt securities investments of the Company
            were rated at investment grade or above.


            The maximum credit risk exposure of the Group after impairment allowance without taking account of any
            collateral and other credit enhancements is presented below:


                                                                                                  31 December
                                                                                                   2020             2019


             Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
                (debt instruments)                                                          49,400,900        23,684,063
             Refundable deposits                                                              3,877,774        1,459,937
             Margin accounts                                                               116,741,432        70,673,845
             Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                         244,791,230      267,154,763
             Derivative financial assets                                                    20,157,990         7,351,073
             Reverse repurchase agreements                                                  39,226,613        58,830,053
             Cash held on behalf of customers                                              199,517,577      118,401,385
             Bank balances                                                                  91,109,371        64,442,153
             Others                                                                         42,218,402        30,588,606


             Total maximum credit risk exposure                                            807,041,289      642,585,878




336
58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
   (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
         Risk concentrations
         The breakdown of the Group’s maximum credit risk exposure, without taking account of any collateral or other
         credit enhancements, as categorised by geographical area are summarized below.


                                                                                      By geographical area
                                                                                                Outside
                                                                             Mainland          Mainland
          31 December 2020                                                      China             China                 Total


          Financial assets at fair value through
            other comprehensive income (debt instruments)                  48,022,268         1,378,632         49,400,900
          Refundable deposits                                               3,322,607           555,167          3,877,774
          Margin accounts                                                 111,138,858         5,602,574        116,741,432
          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss           211,992,426        32,798,804        244,791,230
          Derivative financial assets                                      13,902,536         6,255,454         20,157,990
          Reverse repurchase agreements                                    35,214,192         4,012,421         39,226,613
          Cash held on behalf of customers                                185,477,019        14,040,558        199,517,577
          Bank balances                                                    79,129,275        11,980,096         91,109,371
          Others                                                            7,560,231        34,658,171         42,218,402


          Total maximum credit risk exposure                              695,759,412       111,281,877        807,041,289


                                                                                        By geographical area
                                                                                                 Outside
                                                                                                Mainland
          31 December 2019                                             Mainland China              China                Total


          Financial assets at fair value through
            other comprehensive income (debt instruments)                  23,621,708             62,355        23,684,063
          Refundable deposits                                               1,175,482           284,455          1,459,937
          Margin accounts                                                  66,911,664         3,762,181         70,673,845
          Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss           230,531,753        36,623,010        267,154,763
          Derivative financial assets                                       4,786,262         2,564,811          7,351,073
          Reverse repurchase agreements                                    54,412,054         4,417,999         58,830,053
          Cash held on behalf of customers                                108,064,121        10,337,264        118,401,385
          Bank balances                                                    53,144,202        11,297,951         64,442,153
          Others                                                            3,844,299        26,744,307         30,588,606


          Total maximum credit risk exposure                              546,491,545        96,094,333        642,585,878




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     337
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
      (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
            Risk concentrations (Continued)
            The Group’s credit risk exposure of financial instruments for which an ECL allowance is recognized as follows
            according to the stage of ECL:


                                                                            31 December 2020
                                                                       Stage of ECL
                                                            Stage I          Stage II         Stage III           Total
             Loss allowance                           12-month ECL             Lifetime ECL


             Reverse repurchase agreements
             Amortized cost                              33,506,322        5,369,838        8,389,392       47,265,552
             Loss allowance                                 (58,758)      (1,331,267)      (6,648,914)      (8,038,939)


             Book value                                  33,447,564        4,038,571        1,740,478       39,226,613


             Margin accounts
             Amortized cost                             114,595,282          120,176        3,559,507      118,274,965
             Loss allowance                                (344,216)         (12,547)      (1,176,770)      (1,533,533)


             Book value                                 114,251,066          107,629        2,382,737      116,741,432


             Financial assets at fair value through
                other comprehensive income
                (debt instruments)
             Fair value                                  49,400,900                —                —       49,400,900


             Loss allowance                                 533,493                —            44,000         577,493


             Others
             Amortized cost                              41,612,421           37,506        2,053,255       43,703,182
             Loss allowance                                (173,932)           (8,131)     (1,949,385)      (2,131,448)


             Book value                                  41,438,489           29,375          103,870       41,571,734




338
58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
   (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
         Risk concentrations (Continued)

                                                                        31 December 2019
                                                                   Stage of ECL
                                                         Stage I         Stage II          Stage III              Total
          Loss allowance                           12-month ECL             Lifetime ECL


          Reverse repurchase agreements
          Amortized cost                             52,446,116       4,437,151         4,992,695        61,875,962
          Loss allowance                               (102,601)        (385,210)       (2,558,098)       (3,045,909)


          Book value                                 52,343,515       4,051,941         2,434,597        58,830,053


          Margin accounts
          Amortized cost                             68,012,054       2,985,179            449,097       71,446,330
          Loss allowance                               (198,450)        (303,772)          (270,263)        (772,485)


          Book value                                 67,813,604       2,681,407            178,834       70,673,845


          Financial assets at fair value through
            other comprehensive income
            (debt instruments)
          Fair value                                 23,684,063                —                 —       23,684,063


          Loss allowance                                218,920                —            44,000          262,920


          Others
          Amortized cost                             30,340,167           31,750        1,764,013        32,135,930
          Loss allowance                               (119,702)          (5,596)       (1,646,217)       (1,771,515)


          Book value                                 30,220,465           26,154           117,796       30,364,415




                                                            CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     339
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
      (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
            Risk concentrations (Continued)
            The Group’s credit risk exposure of financial instruments for which an ECL allowance is recognized as follows
            according to the stage of ECL:


            (i)   Credit loss allowance for stock reverse repurchase agreements
                                                                                     Stage of ECL
                                                                     Stage 1                  Stage 2                   Stage 3                      Total
                                                                                                                Lifetime ECL
                                                           12-month ECL                Lifetime ECL (Credit-impaired)


                        1 January 2020                               102,601                  385,210                2,558,098                3,045,909
                        Increases (i)                                 70,243                1,483,756                3,764,443                5,318,442
                        Reverses                                    (114,086)                (157,571)                 (167,513)                (439,170)
                        Write-offs                                          —                         —                (553,392)                (553,392)
                        Transfers between stages
                          — Increase                                        —                   75,230                  466,344                  541,574
                          — Decrease                                        —                (466,344)                  (75,230)                (541,574)
                        Others                                              —                   10,986                  656,164                  667,150


                        31 December 2020                              58,758                1,331,267                6,648,914                8,038,939

                  (i)       The significant changes affecting the repurchase of financial assets for resale agreements including the default of individual
                            counterparties of reverse repurchase agreements and the decline in the value of collateral, resulting in the company’s credit risk
                            exposure cannot be fully covered. The credit loss allowance increased by RMB5,318 million (2019: RMB1,383 million).




340
58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
   (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
         Risk concentrations (Continued)
         (i)   Credit loss allowance for stock reverse repurchase agreements (Continued)
                                                                                     Stage of ECL
                                                                     Stage 1                  Stage 2                 Stage 3                     Total
                                                                                                                Lifetime ECL
                                                            12-month ECL               Lifetime ECL        (Credit-impaired)


                     1 January 2019                                 104,741                  563,073               1,298,032               1,965,846
                     Increases(i)                                     84,446                 256,003               1,042,520               1,382,969
                     Reversals                                      (232,998)               (105,569)                (253,881)               (592,448)
                     Write-offs                                             —                        —                       —                        —
                     Transfers between stages
                       — Increase                                   146,412                          —               181,885                  328,297
                       — Decrease                                           —               (328,297)                        —               (328,297)
                     Others                                                 —                        —               289,542                  289,542


                     31 December 2019                               102,601                  385,210               2,558,098               3,045,909

               (i)       The significant changes affecting the repurchase of financial assets for resale agreements including the default of individual
                         counterparties of reverse repurchase agreements and the decline in the value of collateral, resulting in the company’s credit risk
                         exposure cannot be fully covered. The credit loss allowance increased by RMB1,383 million (2018: RMB1,893 million).


               Analyzed loss allowance for stock reverse repurchase agreements:


                                                                              31 December 2020
                                                                                  Stage of ECL
                                                                  Stage 1                  Stage 2                   Stage 3                      Total


                     Book value                               17,964,613                 5,369,838                8,389,392               31,723,843
                     Loss allowance                               (58,758)              (1,331,267)              (6,648,914)               (8,038,939)
                     Collateral                               74,668,705               20,699,078               10,786,817              106,154,600


                                                                              31 December 2019
                                                                                  Stage of ECL
                                                                  Stage 1                   Stage 2                  Stage 3                      Total


                     Book value                              31,053,948                  4,437,151                4,992,694               40,483,793
                     Loss allowance                              (102,586)                (385,210)              (2,558,097)               (3,045,893)
                     Collateral                              99,682,241                  9,886,868                3,877,720             113,446,829




                                                                                CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report                  341
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
      (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
            Risk concentrations (Continued)
            (ii)   Credit loss allowance for margin accounts


                                                                    Stage of ECL
                                                        Stage 1            Stage 2            Stage 3                Total
                                                                                         Lifetime ECL
                                                12-month ECL         Lifetime ECL (Credit-impaired)


                    1 January 2020                      198,450            303,772            270,263             772,485
                    Increases                           138,180             24,296            614,751             777,227
                    Reversals                                —              (12,123)           (54,235)           (66,358)
                    Write-offs                               —                   —                  —                   —
                    Transfers between stages
                      — Increase                            360                734            303,772             304,866
                      — Decrease                           (734)          (304,132)                 —            (304,866)
                    Other changes                         7,960                  —              42,219             50,179


                    31 December 2020                    344,216             12,547           1,176,770          1,533,533

                   As in the year of 2020, the reason for the increase of the impairment of margin accounts is that a SICR
                   has been witnessed in the counterparties, which resulted in an increase of RMB777 million impairment
                   (2019: RMB467 million).


                   As of 31 December 2020, the fair value of the underlying collateral of the margin accounts exposure under
                   Stage 3 was RMB12,572 million (31 December 2019: RMB200 million).




342
58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
   (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
         Risk concentrations (Continued)
         (ii)    Credit loss allowance for margin accounts (Continued)
                                                               Stage of ECL
                                                   Stage 1             Stage 2             Stage 3                  Total
                                                                                      Lifetime ECL
                                             12-month ECL         Lifetime ECL    (Credit-impaired)


                  1 January 2019                  173,771              22,462             120,402             316,635
                  Increases                        35,649             298,782             132,813             467,244
                  Reversals                        (23,866)             (4,110)            (79,540)           (107,516)
                  Write-offs                            —                   —                   —                     —
                  Transfers between stages
                    — Increase                     22,464                9,102                   7              31,573
                    — Decrease                      (9,109)            (22,464)                 —              (31,573)
                  Other changes                       (459)                 —              96,581               96,122


                  31 December 2019                198,450             303,772             270,263             772,485

         (iii)   Credit loss allowance for financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
                                                               Stage of ECL
                                                  Stage 1             Stage 2             Stage 3                   Total
                                                                                          Lifetime
                                                                                     ECL (Credit-
                                             12-month ECL       Lifetime ECL            impaired)


                  1 January 2020                  218,920                   —              44,000             262,920
                  Increases                       581,751                   —                   —             581,751
                  Reversals                        (26,527)                 —                   —              (26,527)
                  Write-offs                      (240,300)                 —                   —             (240,300)
                  Transfers between stages
                    — Increase                          —                   —                   —                     —
                    — Decrease                          —                   —                   —                     —
                  Other changes                       (351)                 —                   —                   (351)


                  31 December 2020                533,493                   —              44,000             577,493




                                                              CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     343
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
      (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
            Risk concentrations (Continued)
            (iii)   Credit loss allowance for financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income
                    (Continued)
                                                                 Stage of ECL
                                                      Stage 1           Stage 2             Stage 3        Total
                                                                                       Lifetime ECL
                                                12-month ECL       Lifetime ECL    (Credit-impaired)


                     1 January 2019                  101,846                 —              44,000      145,846
                     Increases                       281,457                 —                   —      281,457
                     Reversals                        (56,644)               —                   —       (56,644)
                     Write-offs                      (107,739)               —                   —      (107,739)
                     Transfers between stages
                       — Increase                          —                 —                   —            —
                       — Decrease                          —                 —                   —            —


                     31 December 2019                218,920                 —              44,000      262,920

            (iv)    Credit loss allowance for other financial assets measured at amortized cost
                                                                 Stage of ECL
                                                      Stage 1           Stage 2             Stage 3        Total
                                                                                       Lifetime ECL
                                                12-month ECL       Lifetime ECL    (Credit-impaired)


                     1 January 2020                  119,702             5,596           1,646,217     1,771,515
                     Increases                       131,831            10,094             313,107      455,032
                     Reversals                        (80,811)           (6,842)            (33,038)    (120,691)
                     Write-offs                        (2,308)            (717)             (78,259)     (81,284)
                     Transfers between stages
                       — Increase                          —                 —                   —            —
                       — Decrease                          —                 —                   —            —
                     Other changes                      5,518                —             101,358      106,876


                     31 December 2020                173,932             8,131           1,949,385     2,131,448




344
58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
   (a)   Credit risk (Continued)
         Risk concentrations (Continued)
         (iv)   Credit loss allowance for other financial assets measured at amortized cost (Continued)
                                                                   Stage of ECL
                                                      Stage 1             Stage 2              Stage 3                 Total
                                                                                          Lifetime ECL
                                               12-month ECL          Lifetime ECL     (Credit-impaired)


                 1 January 2019                        47,228               4,588           1,595,131           1,646,947
                 Increases                             87,034               1,650             701,376             790,060
                 Reversals                             (1,672)                (642)          (271,228)            (273,542)
                 Write-offs                           (14,498)                  —                  (86)            (14,584)
                 Transfers between stages
                   — Increase                              —                    —                   —                    —
                   — Decrease                              —                    —                   —                    —
                 Other changes                          1,610                   —            (378,976)            (377,366)


                 31 December 2019                    119,702                5,596           1,646,217           1,771,515

   (b)   Liquidity risk
         Liquidity risk refers to the risk that the Company is not able to obtain sufficient capital with reasonable cost and
         in a timely manner to pay its overdue debts, perform other payment obligations and meet capital requirements
         for normal business operations. The Company has consistently adhered to the overall operation of capital. The
         responsibilities for centralized management of fund allocation lie within the Treasury Department. In respect of
         the domestic stock exchanges and interbank market, the Company has a relatively high credit rating, and has
         secured stable channels for short-term financing, such as borrowing and repurchases. At the same time, the
         Company has replenished its long term working capital through public or private offering of corporate bonds,
         subordinated bonds, income vouchers and the like to enable the Company to maintain its overall liquidity at a
         relatively secured level.


         In addition, the Risk Management Department independently monitors and assesses the fund and debt positions
         of the Company over a future time span on a daily basis. It measures the solvency of the Company via analysis
         of matching between assets and liabilities within specified point in time and time period and indicators such
         as funding gap ratio. The Risk Management Department releases a liquidity risk report on a daily basis and
         reports on the status of the Company’s assets and liabilities, quota management and other situations. The
         Company also sets threshold values for internal and external liquidity risk indicators, and once exceeded, the
         Risk Management Department will warn the Risk Management Committee, the management and relevant
         departments of such risks of the Company through relevant systems, and appropriate actions will be taken by
         the relevant competent departments to adjust the liquidity risks exposed to a level within the permitted ranges.
         The Company has also established a liquidity reserve pool system with sufficient high-liquidity assets to meet its
         emergency liquidity needs.




                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     345
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
      (b)   Liquidity risk (Continued)
            The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting year, based on their
            contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:


                                                                                        31 December 2020
                                                    Overdue/     Less than         Three
                                                   repayable          three      months         One to     More than
                                                  on demand        months     to one year    five years    five years    Undated           Total


             Non-derivative financial
               liabilities:
               Customer brokerage deposits        203,110,588            —             —             —             —            —    203,110,588
               Financial liabilities at fair
               value through profit or loss         2,969,253    13,853,516   19,292,667      9,737,209     2,286,500   10,269,599    58,408,744
               Repurchase agreements                  10,348    176,435,082   21,533,645       730,375             —            —    198,709,450
               Due to banks and other
               financial institutions                      —     10,377,204      130,499             —             —            —     10,507,703
               Short-term loans                         1,218     5,004,253        6,951             —             —            —      5,012,422
               Short-term financing
               instruments payable                         —      3,421,695    8,634,492             —             —            —     12,056,187
               Debt instruments issued                     —       664,800     2,002,777    138,983,251     2,060,150           —    143,710,978
               Long-term loans                             —          3,811       11,434       261,857       354,919            —       632,021
               Leases                                      —       138,990       415,426      1,155,554      141,024            —      1,850,994
               Others                              97,254,331    22,373,077   39,246,335       523,131             —     2,562,363   161,959,237


             Total                                303,345,738   232,272,428   91,274,226    151,391,377     4,842,593   12,831,962   795,958,324


             Cash flows from derivative
               financial liabilities settled
               on a net basis                            502      5,188,027    7,869,402     16,397,546    17,673,099           —     47,128,576


             Gross-settled derivative financial
               liabilities:
               Contractual amounts
               receivable                                  —             —             —             —             —            —             —
               Contractual amounts payable                 —             —             —             —             —            —             —


                                                           —             —             —             —             —            —             —




346
58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
   (b)   Liquidity risk (Continued)
                                                                                         31 December 2019
                                                  Overdue/     Less than        Three
                                                 repayable         three      months            One to      More than
                                                on demand        months    to one year        five years    five years    Undated          Total


          Non-derivative financial
            liabilities:
            Customer brokerage deposits        123,351,754            —            —                 —             —            —    123,351,754
            Financial liabilities at fair
             value through profit or loss        2,278,299    17,668,920   24,928,377        3,171,642      2,716,412    6,953,349    57,716,999
            Repurchase agreements                       —    156,678,477   16,346,125        1,616,693             —            —    174,641,295
            Due to banks and other
            financial institutions                      —     28,119,932    5,082,153                —             —            —     33,202,085
            Short-term loans                       12,453      7,402,171        7,431                —             —            —      7,422,055
            Short-term financing
            instruments payable                         —     19,404,896     797,555                 —             —            —     20,202,451
            Debt instruments issued                     —       400,080     3,302,796       92,851,590      2,627,500           —     99,181,966
            Long-term loans                             —          4,547       13,640          401,521             —            —       419,708
            Leases                                   5,116      143,044      511,017         1,029,808        91,602            —      1,780,587
            Others                              34,626,839    17,870,869   26,968,789          399,439             —      663,431     80,529,367


          Total                                160,274,461   247,692,936   77,957,883       99,470,693      5,435,514    7,616,780   598,448,267


          Cash flows from derivative
            financial liabilities settled
            on a net basis                           1,249     2,233,517    5,367,383        3,583,404      2,904,608           —     14,090,161


          Gross-settled derivative financial
            liabilities:
            Contractual amounts
            receivable                                  —             —            —                 —             —            —             —
            Contractual amounts payable                 —             —            —                 —             —            —             —


                                                        —             —            —                 —             —            —             —




                                                                           CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report              347
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
      (c)   Market risk
            Market risks represent potential losses due to movement in market prices of financial positions held.
            Financial positions held are derived from the proprietary investment, market-making business and other
            investment activities. Movements in the financial positions held primarily originated from instructions received
            from the customers and the relevant strategies of proprietary investment.


            Market risks primarily include equity price risk, interest rate risk, commodity price risk and foreign exchange
            rate risk. Among which, equity price risk arises from fluctuation in the price and volatility of equities such as
            stocks, equity portfolio and stock index futures. Interest rate risk primarily arises from movements in the yield
            curve of fixed income investment, fluctuation in interest rates and credit spreads. Commodity price risk arises
            from adverse price movements of various commodities. Exchange rate risk represents exposures arising from
            changes in non-local currency rates.


            The Company has established a top-down risk limit management system, which allocates the overall risk of
            the Company to different business departments/business lines, and through monitoring by the internal control
            department, and by timely assessment and reporting of significant risk matters, the overall market risk of the
            Company is controlled within an acceptable level.


            The Company assesses, monitors and manages its overall market risks in a comprehensive manner through
            a risk management department, which is independent of the business departments/business lines, and its
            assessments and testing results are reported to the respective business departments/business lines, the
            Operation Management and the Risk Management Committee of the Company. In implementing market risk
            management, the front-office business departments/business lines, with direct responsibility for market risks and
            as the frontline risk management team, dynamically manage the market risks arising from its securities holdings,
            and actively take measures including reducing risk exposures or risk hedging when the exposures are relatively
            high. The relevant monitoring personnel from the Risk Management Department will continuously cooperate and
            communicate directly with the respective business departments/business lines with regard to information on risk
            exposures, and discuss the status of risk portfolios and the losses in extreme situations.


            The Risk Management Department estimates possible losses arising from market risks through a series of
            measurements, including possible losses under normal market volatility and extreme market conditions.
            Under normal volatilities, the Risk Management Department measures the possible losses of the Company
            in the short term mainly via Value at Risk (VaR) and sensitivity analysis. Meanwhile, in extreme situations, the
            department measures the possible losses of the Company via stress test. The risk report sets out the market risk
            portfolios and its changes in each of the business departments/business lines. The report will be delivered on a
            daily, weekly, monthly or quarterly basis to the responsible officers of the business departments/business lines
            and the Operation Management of the Company.




348
58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
   (c)   Market risk (Continued)
         VaR represents the potential losses of investment portfolios held due to movements in market prices over a
         specified time period and at a given level of confidence. The Company adopts VaR as a major indicator of its
         market risk measurement. The calculation is based on a holding period of one trading day and a confidence level
         of 95%. VaR detects exposures such as interest rate risk, equity price risk and exchange rate risk, and measures
         the movement of market risks such as those arising from changes in interest rate curves, prices of securities and
         exchange rates. The Risk Management Department constantly inspects the accuracy of VaR through backtesting
         and improves its calculation in line with the expansion of the Company. The Company also evaluates the possible
         losses in its proprietary positions arising from extreme situations through stress tests. The Risk Management
         Department has established a series of macro and market scenarios to calculate the possible losses to the
         Company with full position upon the concurrence of different events under a single or multiple scenarios. These
         scenarios include the occurrence of major setbacks in macro-economic conditions, significant and adverse
         changes in major markets and extraordinary risk events. Stress test constitutes an integral part of the market risk
         management of the Company. Through stress tests, the Company could focus more on the possible losses to
         the Company, analyze its risk return and compare its risk resistant capacities, and evaluate whether the overall
         market risk portfolio of the Company is within its expected limits.


         The Company sets limits for its respective business departments/business lines to control fluctuations in profit or
         loss and market exposures. The risk limits are monitored by the Risk Management Department on a daily basis.
         When risk level is approaching or exceeds the threshold values, the Risk Management Department will warn the
         relevant management officers in advance, discuss with the respective business management officers, and in
         accordance with the opinion reached through discussions, the business departments/business lines will reduce
         the exposures to the risk limits, or may apply for a temporary or permanent upgrade in the limits, subject to
         approval by the corresponding authorized personnel or organization.


         The Company continues to modify the risk limits system, defines a unified limit management measures and
         a hierarchical authorization mechanism, and on the basis of such authorization mechanism, reorganizes the
         measures for the management of the system with different levels of risk limit indicators for the Company, its
         respective business departments/business lines and investment accounts.


         In respect of foreign assets, in order to ensure the availability of funds required for foreign business expansion,
         the Company implemented centralized management toward its exchange risk. The Company keeps track of the
         risk by closely monitoring the value of the assets in the account on a daily basis. It monitors the exchange risk
         from different angles, such as assets limit, VaR, sensibility analysis and stress test, and to manage exchange risk
         exposure through methods such as adjusting foreign currency position, using forward exchange contract/option
         hedging, currency swap contracts, etc.




                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   349
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
      (c)   Market risk (Continued)
            (i)    VaR
                   VaR analysis is a statistical technique that estimates the potential maximum losses that could occur on risk
                   positions due to movements in interest rates, stock prices or currency rates over a specified time period
                   and at a given level of confidence.


                   The calculation is based on the historical data of the Group’s VaR (confidence level of 95% and a holding
                   period of one trading day).


                   The Group’s VaR analysis by risk categories is summarised as follows:


                                                                                                          31 December
                                                                                                           2020               2019


                    Stock price-sensitive financial instruments                                        295,775            351,305
                    Interest rate-sensitive financial instruments                                        76,257            42,955
                    Exchange rate-sensitive financial instruments                                        16,455            76,617


                    Total portfolio VaR                                                                327,485            340,650

            (ii)   Interest rate risk
                   The Group’s interest rate risk is the risk of fluctuation in the fair value of one or more financial instruments
                   arising from adverse movements in interest rates. The Group’s interest rate risk mainly sources from the
                   volatility of fair value of financial instruments held by the Group which are sensitive to the interest rate risk,
                   resulting from market interest rate’s negative fluctuation.


                   The Group uses interest rate sensitivity analysis as the principal tool to monitor interest rate risk. The use of
                   interest rate sensitivity analysis assumes all other variables remain constant, but changes in the fair value of
                   financial instruments held at the end of the measurement period may impact the Group’s total income and
                   total equity when interest rates fluctuate reasonably and possibly.


                   Assuming a parallel shift in the market interest rates and without taking into consideration of the
                   management’s activities to reduce interest rate risk, the impact of such a shift on revenue and
                   shareholders’ equity based on an interest rate sensitivity analysis of the Group is as follows:


                   Sensitivity of revenue

                                                                                                           2020               2019


                    Change in basis points
                    +25 basis points                                                                  (548,451)          (766,919)
                    -25 basis points                                                                   541,388            786,581




350
58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
   (c)   Market risk (Continued)
         (ii)    Interest rate risk (Continued)
                 Sensitivity of equity


                                                                                                      December 31
                                                                                                       2020               2019


                  Change in basis points
                  +25 basis points                                                                 (255,727)           (38,371)
                  -25 basis points                                                                  267,726             38,732

         (iii)   Currency risk
                 Currency risk is the risk of fluctuation in the fair value of financial instruments or future cash flows arising
                 from adverse movements in foreign exchange rates. The Group’s currency risk primarily relates to the
                 Group’s operating activities, whose settlements and payments are denominated in foreign currencies
                 different from the Group’s functional currency, and its net investment in foreign subsidiaries.


                 The tables below indicate a sensitivity analysis of exchange rate changes of the currencies to which the
                 Group had significant exposure. The analysis calculates the effect of a reasonably possible movement in
                 the currency rates against RMB, with all other variables held constant, on revenue and equity. A negative
                 amount in the table reflects a potential net reduction in revenue or equity, while a positive amount reflects a
                 potential net increase.


                 Sensitivity of revenue

                                                                              Change in
                  Currency                                                currency rate                2020               2019


                  USD                                                                 -3%           530,576           (137,942)
                  HKD                                                                 -3%          (513,024)          (135,605)

                 Sensitivity of equity

                                                                                                      December 31
                                                                              Change in
                  Currency                                                currency rate                2020               2019


                  USD                                                                 -3%          (249,748)          (242,153)
                  HKD                                                                 -3%             6,632               4,494




                                                                    CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     351
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




58 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS RISK MANAGEMENT (Continued)
      (c)   Market risk (Continued)
            (iii)   Currency risk (Continued)
                    While the table above indicates the effect on revenue and equity of 3% depreciation of USD and HKD,
                    there will be an opposite effect with the same amount if the currencies appreciate by the same percentage.


                    The tables below summarize the Group’s exposure to foreign currency exchange rate risk as at 31
                    December 2020 and 31 December 2019. The Group’s exposure to RMB is provided in the tables below
                    for comparison purposes. Included in the table are the carrying amounts of the assets and liabilities of the
                    Group in RMB equivalent, categorized by the original currencies.


                                                                             As at 31 December 2020
                                                                             USD            HKD           Other
                                                                          in RMB         in RMB         in RMB
                                                             RMB      equivalent      equivalent     equivalent           Total


                     Net on-balance sheet position 161,705,402         (4,534,441)    18,004,275     10,707,500 185,882,736


                                                                              As at 31 December 2019
                                                                             USD             HKD           Other
                                                                           in RMB         in RMB         in RMB
                                                              RMB       equivalent     equivalent     equivalent           Total


                     Net on-balance sheet position 141,648,226        10,162,233       5,951,937      7,687,396 165,449,792

            (iv)    Price risk
                    Price risk is the risk that the fair value of equity instruments decreases due to the variance between the
                    stock index level and individual share values. If this occurs, market price fluctuations of equity instruments
                    at fair value through profit or loss will impact the Group’s profit; and market price fluctuations of equity
                    instruments classified as financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income will impact
                    shareholders’ equity for the Group.


                    As at 31 December 2020, the equity investment accounted for approximately 19.54% of the total assets
                    (as at 31 December 2019: 14.77%).




352
59 STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
                                                                                                  31 December
                                                                                Notes              2020                2019


    Non-current assets
    Property, plant and equipment                                                              867,791           645,567
    Investment properties                                                                        89,098            93,080
    Goodwill                                                                                     43,500            43,500
    Land-use rights and intangible assets                                                    2,090,537         2,132,649
    Investments in subsidiaries                                                    23       45,091,317        33,943,279
    Investments in associates                                                                4,885,533         4,182,089
    Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income                       16,440,223        16,074,056
    Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (Mandatory)                          715,019           899,176
    Refundable deposits                                                                      8,603,714         3,003,340
    Deferred income tax assets                                                               7,692,037         3,788,660
    Right-of-use assets                                                                      2,040,787           664,421
    Other non-current assets                                                                   149,648           158,350


    Total non-current assets                                                                88,709,204        65,628,167

    Current assets
    Fee and commission receivables                                                             881,596           763,291
    Margin accounts                                                                         96,834,510        61,454,455
    Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income                       56,477,262        32,372,611
    Financial assets as at fair value through profit or loss (Mandatory)                   258,263,794       247,559,516
    Derivative financial assets                                                             26,428,902         8,274,928
    Reverse repurchase agreements                                                           34,778,736        54,405,254
    Other current assets                                                                    43,986,124        25,037,080
    Cash held on behalf of customers                                                       108,142,276        63,782,093
    Cash and bank balances                                                                  63,845,295        43,938,922


    Total current assets                                                                   689,638,495       537,588,150




                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report    353
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




59 STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
                                                                                 31 December
                                                                    Notes         2020           2019


       Current liabilities
       Customer brokerage deposits                                          104,957,910    62,930,349
       Derivative financial liabilities                                      37,346,164    11,172,070
       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss            12,059,736    10,672,620
       Repurchase agreements                                                163,112,170   156,570,217
       Due to banks and other financial institutions                         10,504,115    33,356,210
       Tax payable                                                            5,427,524     2,312,425
       Short-term financing instrument payables                               9,570,094    19,587,250
       Lease liabilities                                                       606,675         197,640
       Other current liabilities                                            149,852,544    83,984,645


       Total current liabilities                                            493,436,932   380,783,426


       Net current assets                                                   196,201,563   156,804,724


       Total assets less current liabilities                                284,910,767   222,432,891


       Non-current liabilities
       Debt instruments issued                                              122,014,204    79,949,446
       Deferred income tax liabilities                                        2,091,248     2,101,916
       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss             7,720,925     6,445,859
       Lease liabilities                                                      1,379,534        378,064


       Total non-current liabilities                                        133,205,911    88,875,285


       Net assets                                                           151,704,856   133,557,606


       Equity
       Issued share capital                                           49     12,926,776    12,116,908
       Reserves                                                              99,000,058    84,596,312
       Retained earnings                                                     39,778,022    36,844,386


       Total equity                                                         151,704,856   133,557,606




354
60 STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY OF THE COMPANY
                                                                 Reserves
                                                                                     Investment
                                     Share        Capital   Surplus        General revaluation                  Retained
                          Notes     capital      reserve    reserves      reserves      reserve    Sub-total    earnings           Total



    At 1 January 2020             12,116,908   54,411,316 6,263,770 22,862,847       1,058,379    84,596,312 36,844,386      133,557,606
    Profit for the year                   —            —          —             —            —            — 12,342,143        12,342,143
    Other comprehensive
      income                              —            —          —             —       21,148       21,148            —         21,148


    Total comprehensive
      income                              —            —          —             —       21,148       21,148 12,342,143        12,363,291


    Dividend — 2019        17             —            —          —             —            —            —    (6,463,388)    (6,463,388)
    Appropriation to
      surplus reserves                    —            —    406,048             —            —      406,048     (406,048)             —
    Appropriation to
      general reserves                    —            —          —      2,539,071           —     2,539,071   (2,539,071)            —
    Capital increase by
      equity holders                809,868    11,357,362         —             —            —    11,357,362           —      12,167,230
      — Others                            —       80,117          —             —            —       80,117            —         80,117


    At 31 December 2020           12,926,776   65,848,795 6,669,818 25,401,918       1,079,527    99,000,058 39,778,022      151,704,856




                                                                       CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report          355
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
For the Year Ended 31 December 2020
(In RMB thousands, unless otherwise stated)




60 STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY OF THE COMPANY (Continued)
                                                                        Reserves
                                                                                          Investment
                                            Share        Capital   Surplus      General   revaluation                 Retained
                                Notes       capital      reserve   reserves    reserves      reserve     Sub-total     earnings          Total


       At 1 January 2019                12,116,908    54,411,316 6,263,770 20,401,816      436,917      81,513,819 31,845,135      125,475,862
       Profit for the year                      —            —          —            —            —             — 11,701,200        11,701,200
       Other comprehensive
         income                                 —            —          —            —     621,462        621,462            —        621,462


       Total comprehensive
         income                                 —            —          —            —     621,462        621,462 11,701,200        12,322,662


       Dividend — 2018           17             —            —          —            —            —             —    (4,240,918)    (4,240,918)
       Appropriation to
         surplus reserves                       —            —          —            —            —             —            —              —
       Appropriation to
         general reserves                       —            —          —     2,461,031           —      2,461,031   (2,461,031)            —
       Capital increase by
         equity holders
         — Others                               —            —          —            —            —             —            —              —


       At 31 December 2019              12,116,908    54,411,316 6,263,770 22,862,847     1,058,379     84,596,312 36,844,386      133,557,606

61 EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
      Issuance of corporate bonds
      In accordance with the resolutions of the 22nd meeting of the 6th Board of Directors, the resolutions of the
      2017 Annual Shareholders’ General Meeting; and the related regulatory approvals including the “CSRC License [2020]
      No. 3657” issued by the CSRC, the Company was approved to publicly issue corporate bonds in mainland China that
      do not exceed RMB80 billion in total in face value to professional investors. The Company completed the first public
      issuance of such corporate bonds on 25 January 2021 in the amount of RMB10 billion in three tranches with maturity
      terms and coupon rates of 370 days, 3 years and 10 years; and 2.90% 3.56% and 4.10%, respectively. The Company
      completed the second public issuance of such corporate bonds on 1 March 2021 in the amount of RMB4.5 billion in
      two tranches with maturity terms and coupon rates of 3 years and 10 years; and 3.60% and 4.10%, respectively.




356
61 EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD (Continued)
   Issuance of subordinated bonds
   In accordance with the resolutions of the 22nd meeting of the 6th Board of Directors, the resolutions of the 2017
   Annual Shareholders’ General Meeting; and approval with the CSRC, the Company was approved to publicly issue
   subordinated bonds in mainland China that do not exceed RMB30 billion in total in face value to professional investors.
   The Company completed the first public issuance of such subordinated bonds on 8 February 2021 in the amount of
   RMB3 billion, with maturity of 3 years and coupon rate of 3.97%.


   Proposed profit distribution after the reporting period
   According to the board resolution passed in the Board of Directors’ meeting of the Company held on 18 March
   2021, the Company made the following resolution based on the profit for the year ended 31 December 2020: (i)
   appropriation of a total of RMB1,234.21 million to the general risk reserve; (ii) appropriation of a total of RMB1,234.21
   million to the transaction risk reserve; (iii) appropriation of a total of RMB66.35 million to the provisions of risk; (iv)
   appropriation of a total of RMB406.05 million to the statutory surplus reserve. (v) proposed cash dividend for the year
   ended 31 December 2020 of RMB4.00 for every 10 shares (pre-tax), totaled approximately RMB5,170.71 million (pre-
   tax). In the event of change in total share capital of the company after the date of the above-mentioned Board meeting
   but before the Record Date for payment of the cash dividend, the total distribution amount will be kept unchanged
   and the rate will be adjusted accordingly. This proposed dividend is subject to the approval of the General Meeting of
   Shareholders of the Company.


   Issuance of Euro-commercial paper
   As at 18 March 2021, CITIC Securities Finance MTN Co., Ltd. issued 4 tranches of Euro-commercial paper with a total
   issue size of US$280 million during the year of 2021. The Euro-commercial paper was unconditionally and irrevocably
   guaranteed by the Company with joint and several liability.


62 APPROVAL OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
   These consolidated financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the Board of Directors on 18
   March 2021.




                                                                 CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report     357
Documents Available for Inspection


Financial statements signed by the head of the Company, the Chief Financial Officer and the head of the accounting
department and chopped with the official chop of the Company.


The original copy of the audit report with chops of the accounting firm and signatures and chops of CPAs.


The originals of all the documents and announcements of the Company published during the Reporting Period in the media
designated by the CSRC for information disclosures.


Annual reports published in other stock exchanges.


The Articles of Association of the Company.




358
Definitions


Unless the context otherwise requires, the following expressions have the following meanings in this report:


“A Share(s)”                              the domestic share(s) in the ordinary share capital of the Company with a nominal
                                          value of RMB1.00 each, which are listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock
                                          code: 600030)


“A Shareholder(s)”                        holder(s) of A Shares


“Beijing Securities Regulatory Bureau”    the Beijing Securities Regulatory Bureau of the CSRC


“Board”                                   the board of directors of the Company


“Bohai Chuangfu”                          Bohai Chuangfu Securities Investment Co., Ltd. (渤海創富證券投資有限公司)


“China AMC”                               China Asset Management Company Limited (華夏基金管理有限公司)


“China CITIC Bank”                        China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited (中信銀行股份有限公司)


“CITIC Corporation Limited”               CITIC Corporation Limited (中國中信有限公司)


“CITIC Futures”                           CITIC Futures Company Limited (中信期貨有限公司)


“CITIC Global Trade”                      CITIC Global Trade (Shanghai) Co., Ltd. (中信寰球商貿(上海)有限公司)


“CITIC Group”                             CITIC Group Corporation (中國中信集團有限公司)


“CITIC Holdings”                          CITIC Holdings Limited (中信控股有限責任公司)


“CITIC Limited”                           CITIC Limited (中國中信股份有限公司)


“CITIC Pacific”                           CITIC Pacific Limited (中信泰富有限公司)


“CITIC PE Fund”                           CITIC Private Equity Funds Management Company Limited (中信產業投資基金管
                                          理有限公司)


“CITIC Securities Brokerage (HK)”         CITIC Securities Brokerage (HK) Limited


“CITIC Securities Finance MTN”            CITIC Securities Finance MTN Co., Ltd.


“CITIC Securities Investment”             CITIC Securities Investment Limited (中信証券投資有限公司)


“CITIC Securities (Shandong)”             CITIC Securities (Shandong) Co., Ltd. (中信証券(山東)有限責任公司)




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   359
Definitions



“CITIC Securities South China” or   CITIC Securities South China Company Limited (formerly known as “Guangzhou
  “Guangzhou Securities”            Securities Company Limited (廣州證券股份有限公司)”)


“CITIC Trust”                       CITIC Trust Co., Ltd. (中信信託有限責任公司)


“CLSA B.V.”                         Crédit Agricole Securities Asia B.V., a private limited company incorporated under
                                    the laws of the Netherlands and becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of CSI on
                                    31 July 2013


“CLSA Limited”                      CLSA Limited


“CLSA”                              the brand name of the offshore business of the Company


“Company” or “CITIC Securities”     CITIC Securities Company Limited (中信証券股份有限公司)


“Company Law”                       the Company Law of the People’s Republic of China


“connected transaction(s)”          has the same meaning ascribed to it under the Hong Kong Listing Rules currently
                                    in effect and as amended from time to time


“CSC”                               CSC Financial Co., Ltd. (中信建投證券股份有限公司)


“CSDC”                              China Securities Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited


“CSI”                               CITIC Securities International Co., Ltd. (中信証券國際有限公司)


“CSRC”                              China Securities Regulatory Commission


“Director(s)”                       the director(s) of the Company


“Financial Holdings Capital”        Guangzhou Yuexiu Financial Holdings Capital Management Co., Ltd. (廣州越秀金
                                    控資本管理有限公司)


“Galaxy Asset”                      China Galaxy Asset Management Co., Ltd., (formerly known as “Jiantou Zhongxin
                                    Asset Management Co., Ltd. (建投中信資產管理有限責任公司)”)


“Financial Holdings Limited”        Guangzhou Yuexiu Financial Holdings Group Limited (廣州越秀金融控股集團有限
                                    公司)


“GoldStone Investment”              GoldStone Investment Co., Ltd. (金石投資有限公司)


“GoldStone Haorui”                  Qingdao GoldStone Haorui Investment Company Limited (青島金石灝汭投資有限
                                    公司)




360
“GoldStone Zexin”                GoldStone Zexin Investment Management Co., Ltd. (金石澤信投資管理有限公司)


“Group”                          the Company and its subsidiaries


“H Share(s)”                     the overseas-listed foreign share(s) in the ordinary share capital of the Company
                                 with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each, which are listed on The Stock Exchange
                                 of Hong Kong Limited (stock code: 6030)


“H Shareholder(s)”               holder(s) of H Shares


“HKEx”                           Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing Limited


“Hong Kong”                      Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC


“Hong Kong Listing Rules”        Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                                 Limited


“Hong Kong Stock Exchange”       The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited


“Kington Securities”             Kington Securities Limited Liability Company (金通證券有限責任公司)


“Ministry of Finance”            the Ministry of Finance of the People’s Republic of China


“NSSF”                           National Social Security Fund of the PRC


“PRC” or “China”                 the People’s Republic of China


“PwC”                            PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP and PricewaterhouseCoopers


“PwC Hong Kong”                  PricewaterhouseCoopers


“PwC Zhong Tian”                 PricewaterhouseCoopers Zhong Tian LLP


“related party transaction(s)”   for the purpose of the section under “6. SIGNIFICANT EVENTS” only, has the
                                 same meaning ascribed to it under the SSE Listing Rules currently in effect and
                                 as amended from time to time


“Reporting Period”               the twelve months ended 31 December 2020


“Sanxia GoldStone Fund”          Sanxia    GoldStone      (Wuhan)    Equity    Investment     Fund     Partnership
                                 (Limited Partnership) (三峽金石(武漢)股權投資基金合夥企業 (有限合夥))




                                                         CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   361
Definitions



“Sanxia GoldStone Management           Sanxia GoldStone Private Equity Management Co., Ltd. (三峽金石私募基金管理
  Co., Ltd.”                           有限公司)


“Securities Law”                       the Securities Law of the People’s Republic of China


“Senior Management”                    the senior management of the Company


“Shanghai Clearing House”              Interbank Market Clearing House Co., Ltd.


“Share(s)”                             A Share(s) and H Share(s)


“Shareholder(s)”                       holder(s) of the domestic Share(s) or the overseas-listed foreign Share(s) in the
                                       ordinary share capital of the Company with a nominal value of RMB1.00 each
                                       which are listed on the SSE and the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, respective


“Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau” the Shenzhen Securities Regulatory Bureau of the CSRC


“SSE”                                  Shanghai Stock Exchange


“SSE Listing Rules”                    Rules Governing the Listing of Stocks on Shanghai Stock Exchange


“Supervisor(s)”                        the supervisor(s) of the Company


“Supervisory Committee”                the supervisory committee of the Company


“SZSE”                                 Shenzhen Stock Exchange


“Wind Info”                            Wind Information Co., Ltd.


“Xingcheng Special Steel”              Jiangyin Xingcheng Special Steel Works Co., Ltd. (江陰興澄特種鋼鐵有限公司)


“Yuexiu Financial Holdings”            Guangzhou Yuexiu Financial Holdings Group Co., Ltd. (廣州越秀金融控股集團股
                                       份有限公司)


“Yuexiu Industrial Investment Fund”    Guangzhou Yuexiu Industrial Investment Fund Management Co., Ltd. (廣州越秀產
                                       業投資基金管理股份有限公司)




362
Material Risk Factors


The Group’s business is highly dependent on the macroeconomic and market conditions of China and other areas in which
the Company operates its business. Therefore, fluctuation in the Chinese and international capital markets will have material
impact on the operating results of the Group.


The major risks exposed to by the Group mainly include: legal and compliance risk caused by possible failure of the
business management and standards to align in a timely manner with changes in national laws and the regulations and rules
promulgated by the regulatory authorities; strategic risk where the Group may not be able to determine the strategic plan
in response to the profound changes in the domestic and overseas capital markets; internal operations and management
risks arising from the transformation of the Group’s business model and the emergence of new businesses and new
technologies; market risk that may arise from the fluctuating market price of the financial positions held by the Group; credit
risk that may arise from the default or deterioration of credit qualification of its borrower, trading counterparty or the issuer of
financial positions held; liquidity risk where the Group may encounter a shortage of fund in fulfillment of payment obligations;
operational risk that may arise from the negligence or omission of the internal process management, information system
failure or personnel misconduct; reputational risk caused by negative evaluation of the Company by stakeholders due to the
Company’s operation, management and other behaviors or external events; risks such as currency exchange risk that may
arise from the operation of international businesses and financial innovative businesses. In particular, credit risk and liquidity
risk are the major risks currently being faced by the Group.


To cope with the above risks, the Group takes preventive measures through its organizational structure, management
system, information technology, and other aspects, while at the same time, optimizes its business process and focuses on
strengthening the management of credit risk and liquidity risk.




                                                                      CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report      363
Appendix 1: Organization Chart


                                                                     General Meeting


                                                                                                      Supervisory
                                       Board of Directors
                                                                                                      Committee



                           Strategic                                                                                Remuneration &        Related Party
   Operation                                  Risk Management                                   Nomination
                           Planning                                  Audit Committee                                   Appraisal          Transactions
  Management                                     Committee                                      Committee
                          Committee                                                                                   Committee         Control Committee



                      Investment Banking
                                                                             Compliance Department                     CITIC Securities Investment Ltd.
                     Management Committee

                 Wealth Management Committee                                  Auditing Department                       GoldStone Investment Co., Ltd.


                 Asset Management Department                                       BOD Office                       CITIC Securities International Co., Ltd.


                    Fixed Income Department                                         IT Centre                        CITIC Securities (Shandong) Co., Ltd.

                                                                                                                         CITIC Securities South China
                 Equity Derivatives Business Line                       Clearing & Settlement Department
                                                                                                                              Company Limited

                   Prime Service Business Line                            Risk Management Department                        CITIC Futures Co., Ltd.

                                                                                                                          China Asset Management
              Alternative Investments Business Line                         Internal Audit Department
                                                                                                                              Company Limited

                    Commodity Business Line                              Human Resources Department


                  Equity Investment Department                           Planning & Finance Department


                Equity Sales & Trading Department                               Legal Department


                      Research Department                                   General Manager’s Office


                  Strategic Account Department                           Strategy & Planning Department


                    OTC Business Department


                       Treasury Department


                       Custody Department


Note 1: The Investment Banking Management Committee comprised the Financial Industry Team, the Energy and Chemical Industry Team, the Infrastructure
        and Real Estate Industry Team, the Equipment Manufacture Industry Team, the Telecom, Internet, Media and Entertainment Industry Team, the
        Healthcare Industry Team, the Consumer Industry Team, the Integrated Industry Team (Beijing), the Integrated Industry Team (Shanghai), the
        Integrated Industry Team (Shenzhen), Investment Banking (Zhejiang) Branch, Investment Banking (Shandong) Branch, Investment Banking (Jiangsu)
        Branch, Investment Banking (South China) Branch, Investment Banking (Hubei) Branch, Investment Banking (Hunan) Branch, Investment Banking
        (Jiangxi) Branch, Investment Banking (Henan) Branch, Investment Banking (Sichuan) Branch, Investment Banking (Fujian) Branch, Investment Banking
        (Shaanxi) Branch, Investment Banking (Anhui) Branch, Debt Financing Business Line, the Merger & Acquisition Business Line, the Equity Capital Market
        Department, the Debt Capital Market Department, the Quality Control Team, the Human Resource Development Center, the Operation Department
        and other departments/business lines. The Wealth Management Committee comprised departments such as the Retail Account Department, the
        Wealth Management Department, the Financial Product Department, the Investment Advisory Department, the Financial Technology Department and
        the Operation Management Department, as well as branches such as Beijing Branch, Shanghai Branch, Shenzhen Branch, Zhejiang Branch, Jiangsu
        Branch, Northeast Branch, Hubei Branch, Hunan Branch, Hebei Branch, Fujian Branch, Tianjin Branch, Sichuan Branch, Jiangxi Branch, Shaanxi
        Branch, Shanxi Branch and Anhui Branch.

Note 2: In January 2020, the Company had a new first-tier subsidiary, CITIC Securities South China Company Limited. Only some first-tier subsidiaries of the
        Company are presented on the above.




364
Appendix 2: Index of Information Disclosure


Information disclosures made by the Company on the website of the SSE (http://www.sse.com.cn) and in China Securities
Journal, Shanghai Securities News and Securities Times during the Reporting Period are set out as follows:


            Date of
 No.        Publication      Subject Matter


  1         2020-1-2         Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the 1st Meeting of the Seventh Session of the
                             Supervisory Committee
                             Legal Opinions of the 2019 Second Extraordinary General Meeting
                             Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the 1st Meeting of the Seventh Session of the
                             Board
                             Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the 2019 Second Extraordinary General
                             Meeting
  2         2020-1-3         H Share Announcement — Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for
                             the Month Ended 31 December 2019
  3         2020-1-4         Announcement on the Progress of the Acquisition of Assets by Issuance of Shares and
                             Related Party Transactions of the Company
  4         2020-1-10        Announcement on the Financial Data for December 2019
                             Announcement on the Progress of the Acquisition of Assets by Issuance of Shares and
                             Related Party Transactions of the Company
  5         2020-1-14        Announcement on the Preliminary Financial Data for the Year of 2019
  6         2020-1-15        Announcement on the Completion of the Transfer of the Target Assets in Relation to the
                             Acquisition of Assets by Issuance of Shares and Related Party Transactions
                             Review Opinions of HUAXI Securities Co., Ltd. as Independent Financial Adviser on the
                             Transfer of the Target Assets in Relation to the Acquisition of Assets by Issuance of Shares
                             and Related Party Transactions of CITIC Securities Company Limited
                             Legal Opinions of King & Wood Mallesons on the Assets Transfer in Relation to the
                             Acquisition of Assets by Issuance of Shares and Related Party Transactions of CITIC
                             Securities Company Limited
  7         2020-1-18        Announcement on the Results of the Issuance of the 2020 Short-term Commercial Paper
                             (Tranche 1)
  8         2020-2-4         H Share Announcement — Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for
                             the Month Ended 31 January 2020
  9         2020-2-7         Announcement on 2020 Interest Payment and Delisting of the Publicly Issued 2017
                             Corporate Bonds (Tranche 1) (Type 1) to the Qualified Investors
  10        2020-2-11        Announcement on 2020 Interest Payment for the Publicly Issued 2017 Corporate Bonds
                             (Tranche 1) (Type 2) to Qualified Investors
  11        2020-2-12        Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the 2nd Meeting of the Seventh Session of the
                             Board
  12        2020-2-14        Announcement on the Financial Data for January 2020




                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   365
Appendix 2: Index of Information Disclosure



      Date of
No.   Publication   Subject Matter


 13   2020-2-18     Prospectus on Public Issuance of the 2020 Corporate Bonds (Tranche 1) to Qualified
                    Investors
                    Announcement on Public Issuance of the 2020 Corporate Bonds (Tranche 1) to Qualified
                    Investors
                    Summary of the Prospectus on Public Issuance of the 2020 Corporate Bonds (Tranche 1) to
                    Qualified Investors
                    Credit Rating Report on the Publicly Issued 2020 Corporate Bonds (Tranche 1) to Qualified
                    Investors
 14   2020-2-19     Announcement on the Results of the Issuance of the 2020 Short-term Commercial Paper
                    (Tranche 2)
                    Announcement on Extension of Book Building Period for Public Issuance of the 2020
                    Corporate Bonds (Tranche 1) to Qualified Investors of CITIC Securities Company Limited
 15   2020-2-20     Announcement on Nominal Interest Rate of the Publicly Issued 2020 Corporate Bonds
                    (Tranche 1) to Qualified Investors
 16   2020-2-22     Announcement on 2020 Interest Payment for the Non-publicly Issued 2019 Corporate Bonds
                    (Tranche 1)
 17   2020-2-24     Announcement on the Results of Public Issuance of the 2020 Corporate Bonds (Tranche 1)
                    to Qualified Investors
 18   2020-2-26     Announcement on the Results of the Issuance of the 2020 Short-term Commercial Paper
                    (Tranche 3)
 19   2020-3-3      H Share Announcement — Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for
                    the Month Ended 29 February 2020
 20   2020-3-5      Announcement on Public Issuance of the 2020 Corporate Bonds (Tranche 2) to Qualified
                    Investors
                    Credit Rating Report on the Publicly Issued 2020 Corporate Bonds (Tranche 2) to Qualified
                    Investors
                    Summary of the Prospectus on Public Issuance of the 2020 Corporate Bonds (Tranche 2) to
                    Qualified Investors
                    Prospectus on Public Issuance of the 2020 Corporate Bonds (Tranche 2) to Qualified
                    Investors
 21   2020-3-6      Announcement on the Results of the Issuance of the 2020 Short-term Commercial Paper
                    (Tranche 4)
                    Announcement on the Financial Data for February 2020
                    H Share Announcement — Notification of Board Meeting
                    Announcement on Extension of Book Building Period for Public Issuance of the 2020
                    Corporate Bonds (Tranche 2) to Qualified Investors of CITIC Securities Company Limited




366
      Date of
No.   Publication   Subject Matter


 22   2020-3-7      Independent Opinions of the Independent Non-executive Directors on Relevant Matters at
                    the 3rd Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board of the Company
                    Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the 2nd Meeting of the Seventh Session of the
                    Supervisory Committee
                    Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the 3rd Meeting of the Seventh Session of the
                    Board
                    Prior Approval Opinions of the Independent Non-executive Directors on Relevant Matters at
                    the 3rd Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board
                    Announcement on Entering into of the Supplemental Agreement on the Acquisition of Assets
                    by Issuance of Shares in respect of the Acquisition of Assets by Issuance of Shares and the
                    Progress of Related Party Transactions
 23   2020-3-9      Announcement on Nominal Interest Rate of the 2020 Corporate Bonds (Tranche 2) Publicly
                    Issued to Qualified Investors
 24   2020-3-11     Announcement on the Results of Public Issuance of the 2020 Corporate Bonds (Tranche 2)
                    to Qualified Investors
 25   2020-3-13     Review Opinions of HUAXI Securities Co., Ltd. as Independent Financial Adviser on the
                    Implementation of the Acquisition of Assets by Issuance of Shares and Related Party
                    Transactions of CITIC Securities Company Limited
                    Condensed Report on Changes in Equity
                    Legal Opinions of King & Wood Mallesons on the Implementation of the Acquisition of Assets
                    by Issuance of Shares and Related Party Transactions of CITIC Securities Company Limited
                    Announcement on the Results of the Issuance and Changes in Shares in Relation to the
                    Acquisition of Assets by Issuance of Shares and Related Party Transactions
                    Report on the Implementation of the Acquisition of Assets by Issuance of Shares and Related
                    Party Transactions and Listing of Newly Issued Shares (Summary)
                    Report on the Implementation of the Acquisition of Assets by Issuance of Shares and Related
                    Party Transactions and Listing of Newly Issued Shares
                    Announcement on the Commitments of Related Parties in Relation to the Acquisition of
                    Assets by Issuance of Shares and Related Party Transactions
 26   2020-3-14     Announcement on the Results of the Issuance of the 2020 Short-term Commercial Paper
                    (Tranche 5)
                    Announcement on 2020 Interest Payment for the 2018 Corporate Bonds (Tranche 1) Publicly
                    Issued to Qualified Investors
 27   2020-3-17     Announcement on the 2020 Interest Payment for the Non-publicly Issued 2019 Corporate
                    Bonds (Tranche 2)




                                                       CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   367
Appendix 2: Index of Information Disclosure



      Date of
No.   Publication   Subject Matter


 28   2020-3-20     Report of the Audit Committee of the Board on the Performance of Duties in 2019
                    2019 Social Responsibility Report
                    2019 Assessment Report on the Internal Control
                    Summary of the 2019 Annual Report
                    Announcement on the Reappointment of Accounting Firms
                    Special Remarks and Independent Opinions of the Independent Non-executive Directors of
                    the Seventh Session of the Board on Relevant Matters at the 4th Meeting of the Seventh
                    Session of the Board
                    Audit Report on the Internal Control as at 31 December 2019
                    Announcement on the Profit Distribution Plan
                    Duty Performance Report of Independent Non-executive Directors for 2019
                    Announcement on the Estimation of Related Party/Continuing Connected Transactions
                    Contemplated in the Ordinary Course of Business in 2020
                    Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the 4th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the
                    Board
                    2019 Annual Report
                    Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the 3rd Meeting of the Seventh Session of the
                    Supervisory Committee
                    Special Statement Regarding the Appropriation of Funds by the Largest Shareholder and
                    Other Related Parties
                    2019 Financial Statements and Audit Report
 29   2020-3-26     Announcement on the Results of Issuance of Non-public Issuance of the 2020 Subordinated
                    Bonds (Tranche 1)
                    Announcement on Amendments to the Articles of Association of the Company
                    Announcement on the Results of the Issuance of the 2020 Short-term Commercial Paper
                    (Tranche 6)
                    Articles of Association of CITIC Securities Company Limited
 30   2020-3-31     Announcement on Obtaining the Approval by the CSRC on the Implementation of
                    Consolidated Supervision Pilot Program
 31   2020-4-2      H Share Announcement — Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for
                    the Month Ended 31 March 2020




368
      Date of
No.   Publication   Subject Matter


 32   2020-4-8      Announcement on 2020 Principal and Interest Payment and Delisting for the Non-publicly
                    Issued 2018 Corporate Bonds (Tranche 1)
                    Announcement on Adjustment of Matters in relation to Public Issuance of the 2020
                    Corporate Bonds (Tranche 3) to Qualified Investors
                    Announcement on Public Issuance of the 2020 Corporate Bonds (Tranche 3) to Qualified
                    Investors
                    Credit Rating Report on the 2020 Corporate Bonds (Tranche 3) Publicly Issued to Qualified
                    Investors
                    Prospectus on Public Issuance of the 2020 Corporate Bonds (Tranche 3) to Qualified
                    Investors
                    Summary of the Prospectus on Public Issuance of the 2020 Corporate Bonds (Tranche 3) to
                    Qualified Investors
 33   2020-4-9      Announcement on the Results of the Issuance of the 2020 Short-term Commercial Paper
                    (Tranche 7)
                    Announcement on Extension of Book Building Period for Public Issuance of the 2020
                    Corporate Bonds (Tranche 3) to Qualified Investors of CITIC Securities Company Limited
 34   2020-4-10     Announcement on the Financial Data for March 2020
                    Announcement on the Nominal Interest Rate of the 2020 Corporate Bonds (Tranche 3)
                    Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors
 35   2020-4-15     H Share Announcement — Notification of Board Meeting
                    Clarification Announcement
                    Announcement on the Results of Public Issuance of the 2020 Corporate Bonds (Tranche 3)
                    to Qualified Investors
 36   2020-4-17     Announcement on the 2020 Interest Payment of the Non-public Issuance of the 2019
                    Subordinated Bonds (Tranche 1)
 37   2020-4-21     Follow-up Rating Report for the 2016 Corporate Bonds (Tranche 1) and the 2017 Corporate
                    Bonds (Tranche 1) Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors
                    Follow-up Rating Report for the 2015 Corporate Bonds
                    Follow-up Rating Report for the 2018 Corporate Bonds (Tranche 2) Publicly Issued to
                    Qualified Investors
                    Follow-up Rating Report for the 2020 Corporate Bonds (Tranche 1 and Tranche 2) Publicly
                    Issued to Qualified Investors
                    Follow-up Rating Report for the 2013 Corporate Bonds (Tranche 1)
                    Follow-up Rating Report for the 2017 Corporate Bonds (Tranche 2) and the 2018 Corporate
                    Bonds (Tranche 1) Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors
                    Announcement on the Results of the Issuance of the 2020 Short-term Commercial Paper
                    (Tranche 8)
                    Follow-up Rating Report for the 2019 Corporate Bonds (Tranche 1) Publicly Issued to
                    Qualified Investors
                    Announcement on Follow-up Rating Results for Corporate Bonds



                                                         CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   369
Appendix 2: Index of Information Disclosure



      Date of
No.   Publication   Subject Matter


 38   2020-4-24     Announcement on the 2020 Interest Payment for the Non-publicly Issued 2019 Corporate
                    Bonds (Tranche 3)
 39   2020-4-29     Announcement in Relation to the Change of Registered Capital and the Amendments to the
                    Articles of Association of the Company
                    2020 First Quarterly Report
                    The Articles of Association of the Company (2020 Second Revision)
                    Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the 5th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the
                    Board
                    Main Body of the 2020 First Quarterly Report
 40   2020-4-30     Announcement on the 2020 Interest Payment for the Non-publicly Issued 2018 Corporate
                    Bonds (Tranche 2)
 41   2020-5-7      Monthly Return on Movements in Securities for April 2020
 42   2020-5-8      Notice of the 2019 Annual General Meeting
                    Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the 6th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the
                    Board
                    Documents of the 2019 Annual General Meeting
 43   2020-5-12     Announcement on the Financial Data for April 2020
 44   2020-5-13     Announcement on the Current Accumulated New Borrowings Exceeding 20% of the Net
                    Assets at the End of Last Year
 45   2020-5-14     Announcement on the Results of the Issuance of the 2020 Short-term Commercial Paper
                    (Tranche 9)
 46   2020-5-20     Announcement on Obtaining Written Reply to Registration of Public Issuance of Corporate
                    Bonds to Professional Investors from China Securities Regulatory Commission
 47   2020-5-26     Announcement on the Results of the Issuance of the 2020 Short-term Commercial Paper
                    (Tranche 10)
                    H Share Announcement — NOTICE OF LISTING ON THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF HONG
                    KONG LIMITED — CITIC SECURITIES FINANCE MTN CO., LTD. — US$3,000,000,000
                    Medium Term Note Programme
 48   2020-5-29     Announcement on the Results of the Issuance of the 2020 Short-term Commercial Paper
                    (Tranche 11)
 49   2020-6-2      Monthly Return on Movements in Securities for May 2020
 50   2020-6-4      H Share Announcement — NOTICE OF LISTING ON THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF HONG
                    KONG LIMITED — CITIC SECURITIES FINANCE MTN CO., LTD. — US$500,000,000 1.750
                    per cent. Guaranteed Notes due 2023; US$500,000,000 2.000 per cent. Guaranteed Notes
                    due 2025
 51   2020-6-5      Announcement on the Financial Data for May 2020




370
      Date of
No.   Publication   Subject Matter


 52   2020-6-6      Second Notice of the 2019 Annual General Meeting
                    Documents of the 2019 Annual General Meeting
                    Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the 7th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the
                    Board
                    Announcement on Withdrawal of Certain Resolutions of the 2019 Annual General Meeting
 53   2020-6-13     Announcement on Amendments to the Articles of Association of the Company
                    Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the 8th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the
                    Board
 54   2020-6-16     Announcement on the Results of the Issuance of the 2020 Short-term Commercial Paper
                    (Tranche 12)
                    Documents of the 2020 First Extraordinary General Meeting
                    Notice of the 2020 First Extraordinary General Meeting
 55   2020-6-24     Legal Opinions of the 2019 Annual General Meeting
                    Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the 2019 Annual General Meeting
 56   2020-6-29     Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the 5th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the
                    Supervisory Committee
 57   2020-07-03    Monthly Return on Movements in Securities for June 2020
                    Clarification Announcement
 58   2020-07-06    Announcement on Receipt of and Reply to the Letter of Enquiry from the Shanghai Stock
                    Exchange
 59   2020-07-09    Announcement on the Financial Data for June 2020
 60   2020-07-10    Announcement on the Results of the Issuance of the 2020 Short-term Commercial Paper
                    (Tranche 13)
 61   2020-07-14    Second Notice of the 2020 First Extraordinary General Meeting
 62   2020-07-24    Independent Opinions of the Independent Non-executive Directors of the Seventh Session
                    of the Board on Non-exercise of the Right of First Refusal and Formation of Joint Investment
                    Relationship with Related Party
                    Prior Approval Opinions of the Independent Non-executive Directors of the Seventh Session
                    of the Board on Non-exercise of the Right of First Refusal and Formation of Joint Investment
                    Relationship with Related Party
                    Announcement on Related Party Transactions on Non-exercise of the Right of First Refusal
                    and Formation of Joint Investment Relationship with Related Party
                    Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the 9th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the
                    Board




                                                        CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   371
Appendix 2: Index of Information Disclosure



      Date of
No.   Publication   Subject Matter


 63   2020-07-29    CITIC Securities: Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the 10th Meeting of the
                    Seventh Session of the Board
                    Announcement on Amendments and Improvements to the Articles of Association of the
                    Company
                    Announcement on Withdrawal of the Resolution of and Submission of Provisional Proposal
                    to 2020 First Extraordinary General Meeting and Postponement of 2020 First Extraordinary
                    General Meeting
 64   2020-07-30    Announcement on the Preliminary Financial Data for the First Half of 2020
 65   2020-07-31    Announcement of CITIC Securities Company Limited
 66   2020-08-01    Documents of the 2020 First Extraordinary General Meeting (Updated)
 67   2020-08-04    Monthly Return on Movements in Securities for July 2020
 68   2020-08-07    Announcement on the Financial Data for July 2020
 69   2020-08-11    Notification of Board Meeting
 70   2020-08-14    Announcement on the Implementation of Bonus Dividends for A Shares in 2019
 71   2020-08-15    Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the 11th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the
                    Board
                    H Share Announcement — Change in Authorized Representative to Accept Service of
                    Process and Notices on Behalf of the Company in Hong Kong
 72   2020-08-19    Legal Opinions of the 2020 First Extraordinary General Meeting
                    Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the 2020 First Extraordinary General Meeting
                    The Articles of Association of the Company (2020 Third Revision)
 73   2020-08-20    Announcement of CITIC Securities Company Limited
 74   2020-08-25    Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the 12th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the
                    Board
                    Summary of the 2020 Interim Report
                    2020 Interim Report
 75   2020-09-02    Monthly Return on Movements in Securities for August 2020
 76   2020-09-03    Announcement on the Obtaining Written Reply Letter of the China Securities Regulatory
                    Commission for the Public Issuance of Perpetual Subordinated Bonds
 77   2020-09-08    Announcement on the Current Accumulated New Borrowings Exceeding 20% of the Net
                    Assets at the End of Last Year
 78   2020-09-17    Announcement on the Approval of the China Securities Regulatory Commission for the
                    Registration of Public Issuance of Subordinated Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors
 79   2020-10-09    Monthly Return on Movements in Securities for September 2020
 80   2020-10-13    Notification of Board Meeting
 81   2020-10-30    Main Body of the 2020 Third Quarterly Report
                    2020 Third Quarterly Report
 82   2020-10-31    Announcement in Relation to Provision for Impairment of Assets
 83   2020-11-03    Monthly Return on Movements in Securities for October 2020




372
               Date of
 No.           Publication          Subject Matter


   84          2020-11-21           Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the 16th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the
                                    Board
   85          2020-12-02           Monthly Return on Movements in Securities for November 2020
   86          2020-12-04           Announcement on Attending the 2020 Online Investors Collective Reception Day for Listed
                                    Companies regarding “be honest and trustworthy, be a respected listed company” in
                                    Shenzhen

Note: The “dates” set out in the above table are dates on which the relevant announcements were published in China Securities Journal, Shanghai Securities
      News and Securities Times and on the website of the SSE. Each of these announcements was published on the HKEXnews website of HKEX in the
      morning of the above “date” or in the evening on the immediately preceding date.


Information disclosures made by the Company on the HKEXnews website of HKEX (http://www.hkexnews.hk) during the
Reporting Period are set out as follows:


               Date of
 No.           Publication          Subject Matter


   1           2020-1-2             Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended 31
                                    December 2019
   2           2020-1-3             Announcement on the Progress of the Acquisition of Assets by Issuance of Shares and
                                    Related Party Transactions of the Company
   3           2020-1-9             Announcement on the Financial Data for December 2019
                                    Announcement on the Progress of the Acquisition of Assets by Issuance of Shares and
                                    Related Party Transactions of the Company
   4           2020-1-13            Preliminary Financial Data for the Year 2019
   5           2020-1-14            Announcement on the Completion of the Transfer of the Target Assets in Relation to the
                                    Acquisition of Assets by Issuance of Shares and Related Party Transactions of the Company
                                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Review Opinions of Independent Financial Adviser
                                    on the Transfer of the Target Assets in Relation to the Acquisition of Assets by Issuance of
                                    Shares and Related Party Transactions of CITIC Securities Company Limited
                                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Legal Opinions of King & Wood Mallesons on the
                                    Assets Transfer in Relation to the Acquisition of Assets by Issuance of Shares and Related
                                    Party Transactions of CITIC Securities Company Limited
   6           2020-1-17            Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Results of the Issuance of the
                                    2020 Short-term Commercial Paper (Tranche 1)
   7           2020-2-3             Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended 31 January
                                    2020
   8           2020-2-6             Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on 2020 Interest Payment and
                                    Delisting for the 2017 Corporate Bonds (Tranche 1) (Type 1) Publicly Issued to Qualified
                                    Investors




                                                                                  CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report               373
Appendix 2: Index of Information Disclosure



      Date of
No.   Publication   Subject Matter


 9    2020-2-10     Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on 2020 Interest Payment for the
                    2017 Corporate Bonds (Tranche 1) (Type 2) Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors
 10   2020-2-11     Change of Company Secretary and Authorized Representative; Waiver from Strict
                    Compliance with Rules 3.28 and 8.17 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the
                    2nd Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board
 11   2020-2-13     Announcement on the Financial Data for January 2020
 12   2020-2-18     Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Results of the Issuance of the
                    2020 Short-term Commercial Paper (Tranche 2)
 13   2020-2-21     Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on 2020 Interest Payment for the
                    Non-publicly Issued 2019 Corporate Bonds (Tranche 1)
 14   2020-2-25     Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Results of the Issuance of the
                    2020 Short-term Commercial Paper (Tranche 3)
 15   2020-3-2      Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended 29
                    February 2020
 16   2020-3-5      Notification of Board Meeting
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Results of the Issuance of the
                    2020 Short-term Commercial Paper (Tranche 4)
                    Announcement on the Financial Data for February 2020
 17   2020-3-6      Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the 3rd
                    Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the
                    2nd Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Supervisory Committee
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Prior Approval Opinions of the Independent Non-
                    executive Directors on Relevant Matters at the 3rd Meeting of the Seventh Session of the
                    Board
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Independent Opinions of the Independent Non-
                    executive Directors on Relevant Matters at the 3rd Meeting of the Seventh Session of the
                    Board
                    Announcement on Entering into of the Supplemental Agreement on the Acquisition of Assets
                    by Issuance of Shares




374
      Date of
No.   Publication   Subject Matter


 18   2020-3-12     Announcement on Completion of the Issuance of Consideration Shares under the Acquisition
                    of Assets by Issuance of Shares
                    Next Day Disclosure Return
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Report on the Implementation of the Acquisition of
                    Assets by Issuance of Shares and Related Party Transactions and Listing of Newly Issued
                    Shares
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Report on the Implementation of the Acquisition of
                    Assets by Issuance of Shares and Related Party Transactions and Listing of Newly Issued
                    Shares (Summary)
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Commitments of Related
                    Parties in Relation to the Acquisition of Assets by Issuance of Shares and Related Party
                    Transactions
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Review Opinions of HUAXI Securities Co., Ltd.
                    as Independent Financial Adviser on the Implementation of the Acquisition of Assets by
                    Issuance of Shares and Related Party Transactions of CITIC Securities Company Limited
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Legal Opinions of King & Wood Mallesons on
                    the Implementation of the Acquisition of Assets by Issuance of Shares and Related Party
                    Transactions of CITIC Securities Company Limited
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Condensed Report on Changes in Equity
 19   2020-3-13     Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Results of the Issuance of the
                    2020 Short-term Commercial Paper (Tranche 5)
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on 2020 Interest Payment for the
                    2018 Corporate Bonds (Tranche 1) Publicly Issued to Qualified Investors
 20   2020-3-16     Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on 2020 Interest Payment for the
                    Non-publicly Issued 2019 Corporate Bonds (Tranche 2)




                                                       CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   375
Appendix 2: Index of Information Disclosure



      Date of
No.   Publication   Subject Matter


 21   2020-3-19     Proposed Appointment of Non-Executive Director and Appointment of Member of the
                    Specialized Committees under the Board
                    2019 Social Responsibility Report
                    Proposed Amendments to the Articles of Association
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the 3rd
                    Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Supervisory Committee
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Estimation of Related Party/
                    Continuing Connected Transactions Contemplated in the Ordinary Course of Business in
                    2020
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the 4th
                    Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — 2019 Assessment Report on the Internal Control
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — 2019 Audit Report on the Internal Control
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Special Statement Regarding the Appropriation of
                    Funds by the Largest Shareholder and Other Related Parties
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Reappointment of Accounting
                    Firms
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Profit Distribution Plan
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Duty Performance Report of Independent Non-
                    executive Directors for 2019
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Special Remarks and Independent Opinions of
                    the Independent Non-executive Directors of the Seventh Session of the Board on Relevant
                    Matters at the 4th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Report of the Audit Committee of the Board on the
                    Performance of Duties in 2019
                    2019 Annual Results Announcement
 22   2020-3-25     Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Results of Non-public
                    Issuance of the 2020 Subordinated Bonds (Tranche 1)
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Results of the Issuance of the
                    2020 Short-term Commercial Paper (Tranche 6)
                    The Coming into Effect of the Amendments to the Articles of Association of the Company
                    Articles of Association of CITIC Securities Company Limited
 23   2020-3-30     Announcement on Obtaining the Approval by the CSRC on the Implementation of
                    Consolidated Supervision Pilot Program
 24   2020-4-1      Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended 31 March
                    2020
 25   2020-4-7      Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on 2020 Principal and Interest
                    Payment and Delisting for the Non-publicly Issued 2018 Corporate Bonds (Tranche 1)
 26   2020-4-8      Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Results of the Issuance of the
                    2020 Short-term Commercial Paper (Tranche 7)



376
      Date of
No.   Publication   Subject Matter


 27   2020-4-9      Announcement on the Financial Data for March 2020
 28   2020-4-14     Notification of Board Meeting
                    Clarification Announcement
 29   2020-4-16     Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on 2020 Interest Payment of the
                    2019 Subordinated Bonds (Tranche 1) Non-publicly Issued
 30   2020-4-20     Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Results of the Issuance of the
                    2020 Short-term Commercial Paper (Tranche 8)
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on Follow-up Rating Results for “13
                    CITICS 02”, “15 CITICS 01”, “15 CITICS 02”, “16 CITICS G2”, “17 CITICS G2”, “17 CITICS
                    G4”, “18 CITICS G1”, “18 CS G1”, “18 CS G2”, “19 CS G1”, “19 CS G2”, “20 CS G1”, “20
                    CS G2”, “20 CS G3”, “20 CS G4” Corporate Bonds
 31   2020-4-23     2019 Annual Report
                    Letter to Registered Shareholders — Election of Means of Receipt and Language for
                    Corporate Communications and Reply Form
                    Letter to Non-Registered Holders — Notice of Publication of 2019 Annual Report and
                    Request Form
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on 2020 Interest Payment for the
                    Non-publicly Issued 2019 Corporate Bonds (Tranche 3)
 32   2020-4-28     2020 First Quarterly Results
                    Announcement in Relation to the Change of Registered Capital and the Amendments to the
                    Articles of Association of the Company
                    Articles of Association of CITIC Securities Company Limited
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the 5th
                    Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board
 33   2020-4-29     Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on 2020 Interest Payment for the
                    Non-publicly Issued 2018 Corporate Bonds (Tranche 2)
 34   2020-5-6      Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended 30 April
                    2020
 35   2020-5-7      Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the 6th
                    Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board
                    Notice of Annual General Meeting; Proxy Form; Reply Slip; Notification Letter to Non-
                    Registered Holders, etc.
 36   2020-5-11     Announcement on the Financial Data for April 2020
 37   2020-5-12     Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Current Accumulated New
                    Borrowings Exceeding 20% of the Net Assets at the End of Last Year
 38   2020-5-13     Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Results of the Issuance of the
                    2020 Short-term Commercial Paper (Tranche 9)
 39   2020-5-19     Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Approval of the China
                    Securities Regulatory Commission for the Registration of Public Issuance of Corporate Bonds
                    to Professional Investors



                                                        CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   377
Appendix 2: Index of Information Disclosure



      Date of
No.   Publication   Subject Matter


 40   2020-5-25     Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Results of the Issuance of the
                    2020 Short-term Commercial Paper (Tranche 10)
                    NOTICE OF LISTING ON THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF HONG KONG LIMITED — CITIC
                    SECURITIES FINANCE MTN CO., LTD. — US$3,000,000,000 Medium Term Note
                    Programme
 41   2020-5-28     Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Results of the Issuance of the
                    2020 Short-term Commercial Paper (Tranche 11)
 42   2020-6-1      Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended 31 May
                    2020
 43   2020-6-3      NOTICE OF LISTING ON THE STOCK EXCHANGE OF HONG KONG LIMITED — CITIC
                    SECURITIES FINANCE MTN CO., LTD. — US$500,000,000 1.750 per cent. Guaranteed
                    Notes due 2023; US$500,000,000 2.000 per cent. Guaranteed Notes due 2025
 44   2020-6-4      Announcement on the Financial Data for May 2020
 45   2020-6-5      Supplemental Notice of 2019 Annual General Meeting — Withdrawal of Certain Resolutions
                    Second Notice of the 2019 Annual General Meeting
 46   2020-6-12     Proposed Amendments to the Articles of Association
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the 8th
                    Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board
 47   2020-6-15     Proposed Amendments to the Articles of Association; and Notice of the 2020 First
                    Extraordinary General Meeting
                    Notice of the 2020 First Extraordinary General Meeting
                    Proxy Form; Reply Slip; Notification Letter to Registered Shareholders; Notification Letter to
                    Non-Registered Holders
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Results of the Issuance of the
                    2020 Short-term Commercial Paper (Tranche 12)
 48   2020-6-23     List of Directors and Their Roles and Functions
                    Poll Results of the 2019 AGM; Payment of the 2019 Final Dividend; and Appointments of
                    Non-executive Director and Supervisor
 49   2020-6-24     Election of the Chairman of the Supervisory Committee
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the 5th
                    Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Supervisory Committee
 50   2020-7-2      Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended 30 June
                    2020
 51   2020-7-3      Clarification Announcement
 52   2020-7-5      Announcement on Further Explanation on Media Reports
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on Receipt of and Reply to the Letter
                    Relating to Regulatory Works from the Shanghai Stock Exchange
 53   2020-7-6      Further Explanation on Media Reports
 54   2020-7-8      Announcement on the Financial Data for June 2020




378
      Date of
No.   Publication   Subject Matter


 55   2020-7-9      Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Results of the Issuance of the
                    2020 Short-term Commercial Paper (Tranche 13)
 56   2020-7-13     Second Notice of the 2020 First Extraordinary General Meeting
 57   2020-7-23     Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the 9th
                    Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on Related Party Transactions on
                    Non-exercise of the Right of First Refusal and Formation of Joint Investment Relationship
                    with Related Party
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Prior Approval Opinions of the Independent Non-
                    executive Directors of the Seventh Session of the Board on Non-exercise of the Right of First
                    Refusal and Formation of Joint Investment Relationship with Related Party
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Independent Opinions of the Independent Non-
                    executive Directors of the Seventh Session of the Board on Non-exercise of the Right of First
                    Refusal and Formation of Joint Investment Relationship with Related Party
 58   2020-7-28     Announcement — Withdrawal of the Resolution of and Submission of Provisional Proposal
                    to 2020 First Extraordinary General Meeting and Postponement of 2020 First Extraordinary
                    General Meeting and Extension of Book Closure Period
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the
                    10th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board
 59   2020-7-29     Preliminary Financial Data for the First Half of 2020
 60   2020-7-30     Approval on the Qualification of Board Secretary by the Regulatory Authority
 61   2020-7-31     Notification Letter to Non-Registered Holders — Notice of Publication of Supplemental
                    Circular of 2020 First Extraordinary General Meeting and Request Form
                    Notification Letter to Registered Holders — Notice of Publication of Supplemental Circular
                    and Second Proxy Form of 2020 First Extraordinary General Meeting and Change Request
                    Form
                    Proxy Form — Second Proxy Form
                    Postponement of the 2020 First Extraordinary General Meeting and Supplemental Notice
                    Proposed Amendments and Improvements to the Articles of Association of the Company
                    and Postponement of the 2020 First Extraordinary General Meeting and Supplemental Notice
 62   2020-8-3      Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended 31 July
                    2020
 63   2020-8-6      Announcement on the Financial Data for July 2020
 64   2020-8-10     Notification of Board Meeting
 65   2020-8-13     Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Publication of the
                    Implementation of Bonus Dividends for A Shares in 2019 of the Company on the Shanghai
                    Stock Exchange Website




                                                          CITIC Securities Company Limited 2020 Annual Report   379
Appendix 2: Index of Information Disclosure



      Date of
No.   Publication   Subject Matter


 66   2020-8-14     Announcement — Change in Authorized Representative to Accept Service of Process and
                    Notices on Behalf of the Company in Hong Kong
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the
                    11th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board
 67   2020-8-18     Poll Results of 2020 First Extraordinary General Meeting
                    Articles of Association of CITIC Securities Company Limited
 68   2020-8-19     Approval on the Qualification for Serving as Securities Affairs Representative by the
                    Regulatory Authority
 69   2020-8-24     2020 Interim Results Announcement
                    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the
                    12th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board
 70   2020-9-1      Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended 31 August
                    2020
 71   2020-9-2      Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Current Accumulated New
                    Borrowings Exceeding 20% of the Net Assets at the End of Last Year
 72   2020-9-7      Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Approval of the China
                    Securities Regulatory Commission for the Registration of Public Issuance of Subordinated
                    Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors
 73   2020-9-16     Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Approval of the China
                    Securities Regulatory Commission for the Registration of Public Issuance of Subordinated
                    Corporate Bonds to Professional Investors
 74   2020-9-23     2020 Interim Report
                    Notification Letter to Registered Holders — Notice of Publication of 2020 Interim Report and
                    Change Request Form
                    Notification Letter to Non-Registered Holders — Notice of Publication of 2020 Interim Report
                    and Request Form
 75   2020-9-30     Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended 30
                    September 2020
 76   2020-10-12    Notification of Board Meeting
 77   2020-10-29    2020 Third Quarterly Results
 78   2020-10-30    Announcement in Relation to Provision for Impairment of Assets
 79   2020-11-2     Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended 31 October
                    2020
 80   2020-11-20    Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on the Resolutions Passed at the
                    16th Meeting of the Seventh Session of the Board
 81   2020-12-1     Monthly Return of Equity Issuer on Movements in Securities for the Month Ended 30
                    November 2020
 82   2020-12-3     Overseas Regulatory Announcement — Announcement on Attending the 2020 Online
                    Investors Collective Reception Day for Listed Companies regarding “be honest and
                    trustworthy, be a respected listed company” in Shenzhen



380
A joint stock limited company incorporated
in the People’s Republic of China with limited liability

Stock Code: 6030
Website: www.citics.com




                                                                  To become a domestic leading,
                                                                    world-class investment bank      中 信 証 券 股 份 有 限 公 司
                                                           which is most trusted by global clients   CITIC Securities Company Limited
