Annual Report
Blackwell Global Holdings Limited
For the year ended 31 March 2018
  Contents
  3      Chairman's Review


  5      Corporate Governance Statement


  7      Directors' Responsibility Statement


  8      Independent Auditor's Report


  13.    Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income


  14.    ~=Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity


  15    = Consolidated Statement of Financial Position


  16    = Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows


  18     Notes to the Financial Statements


  35 — Additional Information




Annual Report   Blackwell Global Holdings Limited         Page 2 of 37
  Chairman's Review
  Blackwell Global Holdings Limited
  For the year ended 31 March 2018




 Dear Shareholders

 During the financial year ended 31 March 2018 the Company has undertaken a transformation from essentially being a
 listed shell company with no commercial operations, into an early stage financial services business.

 The financial year can be divided into two principal stages:

       « — The first half of the financial year which comprised the restructure of the Company's capital and operational
             structure;


       e   — The second half of the financial year which comprised the launch of its finance company operation, and the
             development of the ground work required for the implementation of a derivative trading operation.

 RESTRUCTURE
 During the first six months of this financial year, the Company undertook a significant capital and operational restructure.
 The restructure comprised the following principal components:

 Change of Name and Ticker Code
 The Company changed its name from “NZF Group Limited” to “Blackwell Global Holdings Limited”.

 The Company changed its ticker code from “NZF” to BGI”.

 Issue of New Shares
 The Company issued 313,872,866 new ordinary shares (in aggregate) to Blackwell Global Group Limited (‘Blackwell’), Mr
 Chai and Mr James Law. The share issue raised $2,510,982 of new capital for BGI before transaction costs.

 Issue of First Tranche of Convertible Notes and Bonds
 The Company issued $500,000 of Convertible Notes and $2,000,000 Bonds to Blackwell. The balance of the Convertible
 Notes and Bonds that were approved by the BGI shareholders will be issued as and when BGI requires the introduction
 of new funds into its commercial operations.

 Change of Board
 Messrs Michael Chai, James Law and Ewe Leong Lim were appointed to the Board of the Company. They joined Craig
 Alexander and myself on the Board of BGI. Mr Alexander and myself are both considered to be “independent Directors”
 as that term is defined in the NZX Main Board Listing Rules.

 During this period Mr Mark Thornton retired as a director of BGI. Mr Thornton continues with the Company in his capacity
 as a senior executive responsible primarily for the finance company operations that have been recently launched by BGI.

 LAUNCH OF FINANCE COMPANY OPERATIONS
 During the second half of this financial year, and following the restructure of the Company’s balance sheet, the Company
 drew down $2,000,000 of Restructure Bonds, issued to Blackwell, in December 2017 to provide the Company with funds
 to launch its finance company operations.


 The finance company operation is up and running now, and the Company is focused on lending to good quality
 counterparties, and securing those loans against first mortgages registered over real estate assets at moderately geared
 levels.


 The Company advanced its first loan in January 2018. It has since made a number of loans subsequently, and will look to
 draw down further bonds in the future to meet demand for its lending activities.


 The only factor that restricts the ability of the Company to grow its loan book aggressively is the ability of the Company
 to fund the growth of that book. The Company will continue to seek debt facilities, and/or direct investment from
 Blackwell and other parties to deploy against funding new loans.

 The Company will look to offer flexible and innovative investment opportunities to third party investors seeking to receive
 an attractive rate of return from the deployment of their funds with BGI. BGI will then seek to deploy those funds raised
 against loan receivables and take a margin on those funds deployed.




Annual Report    Blackwell Global Holdings Limited                                                                              Page 3 of 37
  Chairman's Review
  Blackwell Global Holdings Limited
  For the year ended 31 March 2018



 On this note, BGI has recently developed an innovative funding mechanism for a particular investor whereby:

      e«     BGI has established a new wholly owned subsidiary, or “Special Purpose Vehicle” (SPV);
      e      The SPV has been funded by a New Zealand domiciled investor to make loan advances to third party borrowers
             sourced by BGI, and approved by the Investor;
      e      BGI will be responsible for executing the loans executed through the SPV, and for administering those loans on
             behalf of the investor;
      e      BGI will collect interest on the loans and pay the investor a predetermined interest rate, with BGI retaining the
             balance of the revenue;
      e      The funds advanced to the SPV by the investor are secured bya first ranking General Security Agreement over
             the present and after acquired property of the SPV;
      e    — Credit risk for the loans executed through this mechanism lays with the investor and not BGI.

 BGI will look to execute more loans through this SPV, and through similar mechanisms with other potential investors.

 IMPLEMENTATION OF DERIVATIVE TRADING OPERATIONS
 As previously advised to the market, BGI intends to launch a derivative trading platform and collateral services for
 wholesale and retail investors during the course of 2019. As part of this process BGI is required to obtain a licence to
 undertake this activity from the Financial Markets Authority (FMA’).

 During the course of the financial year, BGI employed additional human resource with particular expertise in this sector
 to strengthen its intellectual capital base, and to prepare itself for the launch of the derivative trading operations.

 BGI has commenced the preparation of the application for the license required to be obtained from the FMA before the
 operations can be formally commenced.

 BGI anticipates formally making the submission for its licence application to the FMA during the course of the first half of
 the 2019 calendar year.

 CONCLUSION
 It is still very early days since the transformation of the Company froma listed shell during the course of the recently
 completed financial year, and there is still lots of hard work ahead to ensure that the Company is able to fully exploit the
 commercial opportunities that lie ahead of it. However, we have a highly committed Board, and a very motivated senior
 executive team to ensure that the Company is able to execute on its business strategy.

 The Board is excited about the opportunities ahead for the Company.

 We thank you for your ongoing support.



 Yours sincerely




 Sean Joyce
 Chairman




Annual Report    Blackwell Global Holdings Limited                                                                               Page 4 of 37
  Corporate Governance Statement
  Blackwell Global Holdings Limited
  For the year ended 31 March 2018




The Board of the Group is committed to acting with integrity and expects high standards of behaviour and accountability from all its officers
and staff. The Board recognises the need to continue to enhance its Governance Standards in line with developing best practice. In doing
so, the Board has considered standards, guidelines and principles published by a range of interested parties in New Zealand and
Internationally. The Governance Principles adopted by the Board are designed to meet best practice. Generally, the Group follows the NZX
Corporate Governance Best Practice Code, except that there is no Nominations Committee. The Board has reviewed those Rules, Principles
and Guidelines and is taking progressive steps to improve the Governance Systems and Processes by reference to them.

Role of the Board

The Board's primary objective is the enhancement of shareholder value by following appropriate strategies and ensuring effective and
innovative use of available Group resources. The Board is responsible for the management, supervision and direction of the Group. Day-to-
day management of the Company is delegated to the Group Chief Executive Officer.

Board Meetings

The Board normally meets monthly each year for scheduled meetings. Additional meetings are held where specific matters require attention
between scheduled meetings. Board meetings are used to monitor, challenge, develop and fully understand business and operational issues.

Composition of the Board

The Constitution provides that there will be no less than three and not more than nine Directors. NZX requirements are that at least two
Directors, or one-third, are Independent Directors. The Board currently consists of two Independent Directors.

Criteria for Board Membership

When a vacancy arises, the Board will identify candidates with a mix of capabilities and perspectives considered necessary for the Board to
carry out its responsibilities effectively. A Director appointed by the Board must stand for election at the next Annual Meeting. At each
Annual Meeting one-third of Directors (excluding the Managing Director) must retire by rotation. Retiring Directors are eligible for re-
election.

Board Committees

The Board has established an Audit & Risk Committee and a Remuneration Committee.

The Audit & Risk Committee operates under a Charter approved by the Board and is accountable to the Board for: the business relationship
with, and the independence of, external auditors; the reliability and appropriateness of the disclosure of the financial statements and
external financial communication; and the maintenance of an effective business risk management framework including compliance and
internal controls. The Audit & Risk Committee is comprised of Independent Directors and Non-Independent Directors. The Chairman of the
Committee is Craig Irving Alexander. Sean Joyce is also a member of the Audit and Risk Committee.

The Remuneration Committee operates under a Charter approved by the Board and is accountable to the Board for: obtaining assurance
that the Group’s human resources policies and practices support achievement of the Group’s goals; overseeing appointments of the Group
Chief Executive Officer, roles reporting to the Group Chief Executive Officer, and key professional advisors in the area of Legal, Tax and
Public Relations; and overseeing the development of key employees.

The Remuneration Committee recommends to the Board the level of the Group Chief Executive Officer’s remuneration package.

The Remuneration Committee is comprised of Independent Directors. The Chairman of the Committee is Craig Irving Alexander. Sean Joyce
is also a member of the Remuneration Committee.



Trading in Shares


The Group has a detailed Insider Trading Policy applying to all Directors and employees. A procedure must be followed to obtain consent to
trade in the Group’s shares at all times. Generally trading is permitted from the release of interim results until 28 February and from the
release of the final results until 31 August. Directors and employees are not able to trade in Group shares, if they are in possession of
unpublished price sensitive information.

The Group reinforces these measures by requiring that anyone designated as having the opportunity to access price sensitive information
can transact in the Group's securities only with the prior approval of the Group Secretary and Chairman.




Annual Report   Blackwell Global Holdings Limited                                                                                   Page 5 of 37
  Corporate Governance Statement
  Blackwell Global Holdings Limited
  For the year ended 31 March 2018


Make Timely and Balanced Disclosure

The Group has in place procedures designed to ensure compliance with the NZX Listing Rules such that:

All investors have equal and timely access to material information concerning the Group, including its financial situation, performance,
ownership and governance.

Group announcements are factual and presented in a clear and balanced way.

Accountability for compliance with disclosure obligations is with the Group Chief Executive Officer, Mark Thornton. Significant market
announcements, including the preliminary announcement of the half year and full year results, and the financial statements for those periods,
require review by the Audit & Risk Committee and the Board.

Corporate Governance Best Practice Code

The Group does not consider that the corporate governance principles adopted or followed by the Group materially differ from the Corporate
Governance Best Practice Code.

Diversity Policy

The Group does not have a formal diversity policy. However, it recognises the wide-ranging benefits that diversity brings to an organisation
and its workplaces. The Group endeavours to ensure diversity at all levels of the organisation to ensure a balance of skills and perspectives
are available in the service of our shareholders and customers.

As at 31 March 2018, the gender balance of the Group’s directors, officers and all employees was as follows:


                                      Directors                              Officers                                Employees
 Female                          0                  0%                 0                  0%                    0                  0%
 Male                            5                 100%                1                 100%                   0                  0%
 Total                           5                 100%                1                 100%                   0                  0%




Annual Report      Blackwell Global Holdings Limited                                                                                Page 6 of 37
  Directors' Responsibility Statement
  Blackwell Global Holdings Limited
  For the year ended 31 March 2018




  The Directors of the Group present to shareholders the audited consolidated financial statements for the Group for the year ended 31
  March 2018.


  The Directors are responsible for presenting financial statements in accordance with New Zealand law and generally accepted accounting
  practice, which give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of the Group as at 31 March 2018 and the results of its
  operations and cash flows for the year ended on that date.

  The Directors consider that the financial statements of the Group have been prepared using accounting policies which have been supported
  by reasonable judgments and estimates and that all relevant financial reporting and accounting standards have been followed

  The Directors believe that proper accounting records have been kept which enable with reasonable accuracy, the determination of the
  financial position of the Group and facilitate compliance of the consolidated financial statements with the Financial Markets Conduct Act
  2013.


  The Directors consider that they have taken adequate steps to safeguard the assets of the Group, and to prevent and detect fraud and
  other irregularities. Internal control procedures are also considered to be sufficient to provide a reasonable assurance as to the integrity
  and reliability of the consolidated financial statements.

  The Financial Statements are signed on behalf of the Board on 26 June 2018 by:




   g                        Ce

     Sean Robert Joyce
     Director




     Craig Alexander
     Director




Annual Report   Blackwell Global Holdings Limited                                                                                   Page 7 of 37
 _
pwe



  Independent auditor’s report
  To the shareholders of Blackwell Global Holdings Limited (formerly NZF Group Limited)

  We have audited the financial statements which comprise:

  e   the consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 March 2018;

  e   the consolidated statement of comprehensive income for the year then ended;

  e   the consolidated statement of changes in equity for the year then ended;

  e   the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended; and

  e   the notes to the financial statements, which include a summary of significant accounting policies.

  Our opinion
  In our opinion, the financial statements of Blackwell Global Holdings Limited (the “Company”),
  including its subsidiaries (the “Group”), present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
  the Group as at 31 March 2018, its financial performance and its cash flows for the year then ended in
  accordance with New Zealand Equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS)
  and International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS).


  Basis for opinion
  We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) (ISAs
  NZ) and International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our responsibilities under those standards are
  further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of
  our report.


  We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for
  our opinion.

  We are independent of the Group in accordance with Professional and Ethical Standard 1 (Revised)
  Code of Ethics for Assurance Practitioners (PES 1) issued by the New Zealand Auditing and Assurance
  Standards Board and the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants’ Code of Ethics for
  Professional Accountants (IESBA Code), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
  accordance with these requirements.

  Other than in our capacity as auditor we have no relationship with, or interests in, the Group.




  PricewaterhouseCoopers, 188 Quay Street, Private Bag 92162, Auckland 1142, New Zealand
  T: +64 9 355 8000, F: +64 9 355 8001, pwe.co.nz
 2
pwe



  Our audit approach
  Overview

                         An audit is designed to obtain reasonable assurance whether the financial
                         statements are free from material misstatement.
          Materiality    Overall group materiality: $ 29,000.
                         We agreed with the Board that we would report to them misstatements
                         identified during our audit above $1,400 as well as misstatements below that
              _          amount that, in our view, warranted reporting for qualitative reasons.

             Key audit                    .

             —           We have determined that there are 3 key audit matters:
                         e   Provision for impairment losses on the Group’s loan receivables
                         e   Capital restructuring activities
                         e   Internal control environment


  Materiality
  The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality.

  Based on our professional judgement, we determined certain quantitative thresholds for materiality,
  including the overall Group materiality for the financial statements as a whole as set out above. These,
  together with qualitative considerations, helped us to determine the scope of our audit, the nature,
  timing and extent of our audit procedures and to evaluate the effect of misstatements, both
  individually and in aggregate on the financial statements as a whole.

   Overall group materiality                             $29,000.
   How we determined it                              Approximately 4% of loss before income tax.
   Rationale for the materiality benchmark applied | We applied this benchmark because, in our view,
                                                         it best reflects the performance of the Group.



  Audit scope
  We designed our audit by assessing the risks of material misstatement in the financial statements and
  our application of materiality. As in all of our audits, we also addressed the risk of management
  override of internal controls including among other matters, consideration of whether there was
  evidence of bias that represented a risk of material misstatement due to fraud.

  We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an
  opinion on the financial statements as a whole, taking into account the structure of the Group, the
  accounting processes and controls, and the industry in which the Group operates.




  PwC                                                                                                        9
 3
pwe



  Key audit matters
  Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgment, were of most significance in
  our audit of the financial statements of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context
  of our audit of the financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
  provide a separate opinion on these matters.


   Key Audit Matter                                     How our audit addressed the Key Audit Matter

   Provision for impairment losses on loan              Our audit procedures included the following:
   receivables
   As disclosed in Note 12 of the financial             For all loan receivables, we reviewed the individual
   statements, the Group’s loan receivables totalled    impairment assessment, including:
   $3.3 million with a provision for impairment
   losses of nil.                                       e   Examining management’s assessment of future cash
                                                            repayments including considering borrowers’
   There is subjective judgement in determining             circumstances based on the detailed loan and
   whether to recognise impairment provisions               counterparty information known by the Group; and
   against loan receivables and in estimating the       e   Assessing the value of collateral held by agreeing to
   size of such provisions when there has been no           independent valuation reports (where available),
   or limited history of actual impairment losses.          rateable valuations, or other market evidence.


   The need for provision for the impairment losses     We also challenged management’s decision not to recognise
   has been assessed by management on an                a collectively assessed provision by considering the
   individual loan by loan basis. This assessment is    potential for impairment caused by loss events not
   based on the expected future cash repayments         captured by management’s assessment by looking at loan-
   and estimated proceeds from the realisation of       to-value ratios and performing sensitivity analysis over
   the collateral held by the Group in respect of       possible changes in the value of the underlying securities.
   those loans, if required.
                                                        We have no material matters to report from the results of
   As at 31 March 2018, based on this assessment,       our procedures.
   no provision for impairment losses was deemed
   necessary.




   Capital restructuring activities                     Our audit procedures included the following:
   As disclosed in Note 16 of the financial
   statements, in the financial year 2018, the          e   obtaining an understanding of the background of the
   Company issued 314 million shares at $0.008              capital raising activities through discussions with
   per share, for a total value of $2.5 million.            senior management and the Directors and reviewing
   Additionally, as disclosed in Note 13, convertible       the relevant legal agreements including agreement for
   notes have been issued with a face value of $0.5         the subscription for shares, implementation deed in
   million.                                                 respect of the restructure and convertible note
                                                            subscription agreement;
   This was an area of audit focus due to this          e   validating receipt of the capital raise and convertible
   transaction being considereda significant                notes proceeds to supporting documentation and
   transaction.                                             further agreeing the share issue price to the
                                                            independent appraiser report issued in respect of the
                                                            capital restructuring; and




  PwC                                                                                                                 10
pwe



                                                      e    considering the disclosures in the financial statements
                                                           against the relevant accounting standards.


                                                      In performing these audit procedures, we identified
                                                      accounting errors, which have been corrected in the
                                                      financial statements.

   Internal control environment
   This was the first reporting period forthe Group   We gained an understanding of the Group’s business
   after re-establishment of its operations following _ processes and procedures along with the control
   a restructuring process.                           environment through meeting with senior management
                                                      and performing walk-through procedures.
   The overall control environment in the Group,
   and more specifically the financial controls,      As a result of our assessment of the control environment we
   processes and procedures are yet to be fully       extended our audit procedures by placing a greater
   designed, formalised and implemented.              emphasis on substantive testing of transactions, balances
                                                      and key reconciliations and lowering our testing threshold
   During the period, the accounting function for     when required.
   the Group was outsourced to two different third
   parties.                                           In performing these audit procedures, we identified
                                                      accounting errors, which have been corrected in the
   Because the control environment around             financial statements.
   financial information is not yet mature, there
   was a heightened risk of material misstatements
   in the financial statements across all areas.




  Other Matter
  The financial statements of Blackwell Global Holdings Limited for the year ended 31 March 2017 were
  audited by another auditor who expressed an unmodified opinion on those financial statements on 30
  June 2017.


  Information other than the financial statements and auditor’s report
  The Directors are responsible for the annual report. Our opinion on the financial statements does not
  cover the other information included in the annual report and we do not and will not express any form
  of assurance conclusion on the other information.

  In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
  information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with
  the financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially
  misstated. If, based on the work we have performed on the other information that we obtained prior to
  the date of this auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
  information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.




  PwC                                                                                                                11
 _
pwe



  Responsibilities of the Directors for the financial statements
  The Directors are responsible, on behalf of the Company, for the preparation and fair presentation of
  the financial statements in accordance with NZ IFRS and IFRS, and for such internal control as the
  Directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of financial statements that are free from
  material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

  In preparing the financial statements, the Directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
  continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the
  going concern basis of accounting unless the Directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease
  operations, or have no realistic alternative but to do so.


  Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
  Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements, as a whole,
  are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
  that includes our opinion. Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee
  that an audit conducted in accordance with ISAs NZ and ISAs will always detect a material
  misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered material
  if, individually or in aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions
  of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

  A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located at the
  External Reporting Board’s website at:
  https://www.xrb.govt.nz/standards-for-assurance-practitioners/auditors-responsibilities/audit-report-1/

  This description forms part of our auditor’s report.

  Who we report to
  This report is made solely to the Company’s shareholders, as a body. Our audit work has been
  undertaken so that we might state those matters which we are required to state to them in an auditor's
  report and for no other purpose. To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume
  responsibility to anyone other than the Company and the Company’s shareholders, as a body, for our
  audit work, for this report or for the opinions we have formed.

  The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor's report is Samuel
  Shuttleworth.


  For.and on behalf of:




  Chartered Accountants                                                                           Auckland
  26 June 2018




  PwC                                                                                                         12
  Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income
  Blackwell Global Holdings Limited
  For the year ended 31 March 2018



                                                                                        NOTES            2018         2017

                                                                                                           $            $

  Revenue
    Interest and Fee income                                                                3             76,462          416

    Total Revenue                                                                                       76,462           416



    Other Income                                                                           3             82,352

  Total Income                                                                                      158,814             416


  Expenses
    Employee Expenses                                                                     20            135,000             -

    Directors’ Fees                                                                       20            284,481       23,958

    Interest Expense                                                                                     99,200             -

  __Other Operating Expenses                  ce es one a                                  4            392,293   373,292
    Total Expenses                                                                                  910,974         397,250

  Loss Before Income Tax                                                                           (752,160)      (396,834)

     Income Tax Expense                                                                        5

  Total Comprehensive Loss for the Year                                                            (752,160)      (396,834)




  Attributed to:

  - Owners of the parent                                                                           (752,160)      (396,834)




  Earnings/ (loss) per Share
    Basic earnings/(loss) per share (cents per share)                                      8             (0.21)        (0.32)

    Diluted earnings/(loss) per share (cents per share)                                    8             (0.21)        (0.32)




These Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.                   wc
Annual Report Blackwell Global Holdings Limited                                                    Pp             Page 13 of 37
  Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
  Blackwell Global Holdings Limited
  For the year ended 31 March 2018




                                           Notes                Share         Other     Convertible    Accumulated      Total Equity
                                                              Capital        Equity             Note         Losses
                                                                                          Reserves


                                                               $             $              $               $               $
  Balance as at 1 April 2016                                9,650,250                                   (9,644,388)             5,862


  Loss for the period                                                -              -              -        (396,834)       (396,834)
  Other comprehensive income/(loss)                                  -              -              -                -               -

  Total Comprehensive Loss for                                                     .               .
  the Period                                                                                             (396,834)       (396,834)


  Balance as at 31 March 2017                               9,650,250              ”               -   (10,041,222)      (390,972)


  Loss for the period                                                -              -              -        (752,160)       (752,160)

  Other comprehensive income/(loss)                                  -              -              -                -               -
  Total Comprehensive Loss for                                       .             .               .
  the Period                                                                                             (752,160)       (752,160)


  Transactions with Owners in
  their Capacity as Owners:
  Issue of ordinary shares, net of              16           2,460,496             .               .                .      2,460,496
  transaction costs          _—                      son                                     ve                                   ae
  Equity Component recognised in                                     .             .                                .
  Convertible Note Reserve                      13                               a          114,746                          114,716
  Contributed Capital on the Bond               13                   -       102,013               -                -        102,013

                                                             2,460,496       102,013        114,716                 -      2,677,225



  Balance as at 31 March 2018                              12,110,746      102,013         114,716     (10,793,382)      1,534,093




These Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
Annual Report   Blackwell Global Holdings Limited                                                                            Page 14 of 37
  Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
  Blackwell Global Holdings Limited
  Asat31 March 2018


                                                                                        NOTES       31 MARCH              31MARCH
                                                                                                        2018                2017

                                                                                                          $                   $


  Assets

    Current Assets

      Cash and Cash Equivalents                                                             14             801,387          158,739

      Prepayments and Other Receivables                                                         9              9,648         82,398

      Loan Receivables                                                                      12           3,258,960                 -

      Total Current Assets                                                                             4,069,995          241,137


    Non-Current Assets
      Prepayments and Other Receivables                                                         9             75,000               -

      Plant and Equipment                                                                                      1,668               -

      Total Non-Current Assets                                                                            76,668                   -

    Total Assets                                                                                      4,146,663           241,137


Liabilities
     Current Liabilities

      Trade and Other Payables                                                              10             136,723          306,391

      Accruals, Provisions and Other Liabilities                                            11             134,169

      Borrowings                                                                            13                     -       240,000

      Total Current Liabilities                                                                         270,892          546,391


    Non-Current Liabilities

      Borrowings                                                                            13           2,341,678                 -

      Trade and Other Payables                                                              10                     -         85,718

      Total Non-Current Liabilities                                                                    2,341,678           85,718

      Total Liabilities                                                                                2,612,570          632,109


Net Assets/ (Liabilities)                                                                             1,534,093          (390,972)


 Equity
      Share Capital                                                                        16        12,110,746          9,650,250

      Convertible Note Reserve                                                             13           114,716                    -

      Contributed Capital                                                                  13           102,013                    -

      Accumulated Losses                                                                            (10,793,382)       (10,041,222)

     Total   Equity                                                                                  1,534,093          (390,972)


  Signed pr and on behalf of the Board.

                AA A,
         came LONE
   Date — 26
These Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
Annual Report   Blackwell Global Holdings Limited                                                         _5h, Page 15 of 37
                                                                                                    pwe
  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
  Blackwell Global Holdings Limited
  For the year ended 31 March 2018

                                                                                   NOTES           2018            2017
                       .      io.                                                                     $              $
 Cash flows from Operating Activities
 Interest Received                                                 :                               23,613            416

 Lending, Credit fees and Other Income Received                                                    74,310                -

 Operating Inflows                                                                               97,923             416

 Payments to Suppliers and Employees                                                            (774,150)       (206,046)
 Interest Paid                                                                                    (25,015)               -

 Repayment of GST Liability                                                                       (93,516)               -
 Net Advances in Loan Receivables                                                              (3,280,421)               -

 Taxation Paid                                                                                            -              -

 Operating Outflows                                                                          (4,173,102)      (206,046)

 Net Cash Flows (applied to)/from Operating Activities                                       (4,075,179)      (205,630)


 Purchase of Plant and Equipment                                                                   (2,669)               -

 Net Cash Flows (applied to)/from Investing Activities                                            (2,669)                -

 Cash flows from Financing Activities
 Increase in Funding from Bonds                                                                 2,000,000                -

 Increase in Funding from Borrowings                                                                      -      240,000

 Increase in Funding from Convertible Notes                                                       500,000                -
 Issue of Share Capital Net of Transaction Costs                                                2,220,496                -

 Total Cash provided from Financing Activities                                                4,720,496        240,000



 Net Cash Flows (applied to)/from Financing Activities                                        4,720,496        240,000

 Net Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents                                                      642,648         34,420

 Cash and Cash Equivalents at the Beginning of the Year                                           158,739        124,319

 Cash and Cash Equivalents at the End of the Year                                       14      801,387        158,739




These Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.                                    Bh,
Annual Report    Blackwell Global Holdings Limited                                                                             Page 16 of 37
                                                                                                               pwe
  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
  Blackwell Global Holdings Limited
  For the year ended 31 March 2018




                                                                                               2018                  2017
                                                                                                   $                      $

 Reconciliation of Loss After Tax to Net Cash Fiows (applied to)/from Operating Activities

 Loss for the Year                                                                         (752,160)             (396,834)

 Add/(Less) Non-Cash Items:
 Depreciation                                                                                  1,001

 Capitalised interest Expense                                                                 74,185

 Capitalised Interest Income                                                                 (34,956)

 Total Non-Cash Items                                                                       40,230                        -


 Add/(Loss) Movements in Operating
 Assets and Liabilities:
 Movement in Loan Receivables                                                             (3,280,421)

 Deferred Income                                                                              56,417

 Other Assets                                                                                 (2,250)               (7,188)

 Other Liabilities                                                                         (136,995)               198,392
                                                                                        (3,363,249)              191,204



 Net Cash Flows (applied to)/from                                                       (4,075,179)             (205,630)
 Operating Activities




These Financial Statements should be read in conjunction with the accompanying notes.
Annual Report        Blackwell Global Holdings Limited
                                                                                                           an
                                                                                                         Cal    Page 17 of 37

                                                                                                        pwe
Notes to the Financial Statements




  Notes to the Financial Statements
  Blackwell Global Holdings Limited
  For the year ended 31 March 2018

  1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies

  General Information

  Blackwell Global Holdings Limited (formerly NZF Group Limited) is a limited liability Company (the “Company”) domiciled and
  incorporated in New Zealand and is listed by NZX Limited and has its shares quoted on the NZX Market (“NZX”).

  The financial statements presented are consolidated financial statements comprising Blackwell Global Holdings Limited and
  its subsidiaries. Refer to Note 20 — Significant subsidiaries for further details.

  The Company isa       for-profit entity, registered under the Companies Act 1993 and is a Financial Markets Conduct reporting entity
  under Part 7 of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013.


  Basis of Preparation

  The financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Practice in New Zealand (NZ
  GAAP) and with the requirements of the Financial Markets Conduct Act 2013 and the NZX Main Board Listing Rules. The
  Company is a for-profit entity for the purposes of complying with NZGAAP. The financial statements comply with New Zealand
  equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS) and other applicable Financial Reporting Standards as
  appropriate for for-profit entities. The financial statements also comply with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS)
  as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. These policies have been consistently applied to all periods
  presented, unless otherwise noted.

  All significant accounting policies have been applied on a basis consistent with those used in the audited financial statements of
  Blackwell Global Holdings Limited (formerly NZF Group Limited) for the year ended 31 March 2017.

  The financial statements for the Group have been prepared on a going concern basis.

  The financial statements are presented in New Zealand dollars ($), which is the functional currency of the Company.


  Changes in Accounting Policies and Disclosures

  There have been no changes in accounting policies. Policies have been applied on a consistent basis with those of the previous
  reporting period.

  Adoption of New Accounting Standards

  Certain new standards and interpretations are required for reporting periods beginning or after 1 January 2018. No new
  accounting standards have been adopted.

  The following accounting standards are not yet effective:

  NZ IFRS 15: Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Effective date: annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018)

  NZ IFRS 15 deals with revenue recognition and establishes principles for reporting useful information to users of financial
  statements about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows arising from an entity’s contracts with
  customers. Revenue is recognised when a customer obtains control ofa good or service and thus has the ability to direct the use
  and obtain the benefits from the good or service. The standard replaces NZ IAS 18 ‘Revenue’ and NZ IAS 11 ‘Construction
  contracts’ and related interpretations. The standard is effective for annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018.
  The Group is currently assessing the full impact of this new standard.


  NZ IFRS 16: Leases (Effective date: periods beginning on or after 1 January 2019)

  NZIFRS 16 replaces the current guidance in NZ IAS 17. Under NZ IFRS 16, a contract is, or contains, a lease if the contract
  conveys the right to control the use ofan identified asset fora period of time in exchange for consideration. Under NZIAS17,a
  lessee was required to make a distinction between a finance lease (on balance sheet) and an operating lease (off balance
  sheet). NZ IFRS 16 now requires a lessee to recognise a lease liability reflecting future lease payments anda ‘right-of-use asset’
  for virtually all lease contracts. Included is an optional exemption for certain short-term leases and leases of low-value
  assets; however, this exemption can only be applied by lessees. The standard is effective for accounting periods beginning on
  or after 1 January 2019. Early adoption is permitted but only in conjunction with NZ IFRS 15, ‘Revenue from Contracts with
  Customers’. The Group intends to adopt NZ IFRS 16 onits effective date and has yet to assess its full impact.




Annual Report     Blackwell Giobal Holdings Limited                                                                ~_        Page 18 of 37
                                                                                                            pwc
Notes to the Financial Statements




  NZ IFRS 9: Financial Instruments (Effective date: annual periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018)


  NZ IFRS 9 addresses the classification, measurement and de-recognition of financial assets and financial liabilities and
  introduces new rules for hedge accounting. In July 2014, the IASB made further changes to the classification and measurement
  rules and also introduced a new impairment model. These latest amendments now complete the new financial instruments
  standard. The standard is effective for accounting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2018. Blackwell Global Holdings
  Limited will be adopting this new standard for the 2019 reporting. The Group is currently assessing the full impact of this
  new standard.



  Segment Reporting

  Operating segments are reported in the manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the chief operating
  decision-maker. The chief operating decision-maker is identified as the Board of Directors. The Group is internally reported
  as single operating segment to the chief decision-maker.


  Revenue

  Interest Income and Similar Expense

  For all financial instruments measured at amortised cost, interest income and expense is recorded at the effective interest rate,
  which is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash payments or receipts through the expected life of the financial
  instrument, ora shorter period where appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset or liability. The calculation
  takes into account all contractual terms of the financial instrument (for example, prepayment options) and includes any fees or
  incremental costs that are directly attributable to the instrument and are an integral part of the effective interest rate, but not
  future credit losses, The adjusted carrying amount is calculated based on the original effective interest rate and the change in
  carrying amount is recorded as interest income or expense.


  Share Capital

  Ordinary Shares


  Incremental costs directly attributable to the issue of ordinary shares are recognised as a deduction from equity.


  Principles of Consolidation

  The consolidated financial statements of the Group incorporate the assets, liabilities and results of all controlled entities.
  Controlled entities are all entities in which the entity is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the
  investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee. Intercompany transactions, balances
  and any recognised income and expense (except for foreign currency transaction gains or losses) between controlled entities are
  eliminated.

  Financial Assets

  The Group classifies its financial assets as “loans and receivables” as they are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or
  determinable payments that are not quoted in an active market.

  The Group initially recognises loan receivables at their fair value on the date that they are originated and are subsequently
  carried at amortised cost using the effective interest method.

  The Group de-recognises a financial asset when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset expire, or it transfers the
  rights to receive the contractual cash flows on the financial asset in a transaction in which substantially all the risks and rewards
  of ownership ofthe financial assets are transferred. Any interest in transferred financial assets that is created or retained by the
  Group is recognised as a separate asset or liability.


  Provisions

  A provision is recognised if, as a result of a past event, the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation that can be
  estimated reliably, and it is probable that an outflow of economic resources will be required to settle the obligation.

  Provisions are measured at the present value of management’s best estimate of the expenditure required to settle the present
  obligation at the reporting date. If the effect of the time value of money is material, provisions are determined by discounting
  the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money
  and the risks specific to the liability.

  The increase in the provision resulting from the passage of time is recognised in finance costs. If economic resources required to
  settle a provision are expected to be recovered from a third party, the receivable is recongised as an asset if it is virtually
  certain that recovery will be received and the amount ofthe receivable can be reliably measured.


Annual Report     Blackwell Global Holdings Limited                                                                —          Page 19 of 37
                                                                                                             pwe
Notes to the Financial Statements




  Expense Recognition

  All expenses are recognised in the Statement of Comprehensive Income on an accruals basis.



  Loans Receivables

  Loans receivables are initially recognised at fair value plus incremental direct transaction costs and are subsequently
  measured at amortised cost using the effective interest method, less any impairment loss.

  Past due but not impaired assets are any assets which have not been operated by the counterparty within their key terms
  but are not considered to be impaired by the Group.

  Individually impaired assets are those loans for which the Group has evidence that it will be unable to collect all principal and
  interest due according to the contractual terms of the loan.

  Restructured assets are impaired assets where the Group expects to recover all amounts owing although the original terms have
  been changed due to the counterparty’s difficulty with the original terms of the contract and the amended terms of the loan.

  Credit impairment provisions are made where events have occurred leading   to an expectation of reduced future cash flows from
  certain receivables. These provisions are made in some cases against an individual loan and in other cases ona collective basis.
  When all appropriate collection and legal action has been performed and the loan is known to be non-recoverable, it is written
  off against the related provision for impairment.

  Bad debts provided for are written off against individual or collective provisions. Amounts required to bring the provisions to
  their assessed levels are recognised in profit orloss. Any future recoveries of amounts provided for are recognised in profit or
  loss.

  Individual provisioning

  Specific impairment provisions are made where events have occurred leading to an expectation of reduced future cash flows
  from certain receivables. For individually significant loans for which the assessed risk grade is considered a ‘Grade 5 - Some loss
  expected from forced sale of securities if full repayment cannot be done by refinance’, an individual assessment is made of an
  appropriate provision for credit impairment.

  Credit impairments are recognised as the difference between the carrying value of the loan and the discounted value of
  management’s best estimate of future cash repayments and proceeds from any security held (discounted at the loan’s original
  effective interest rate). All relevant considerations that have a bearing on the expected future cash flows are taken into account,
  including the business prospects for the customer, the likely recognised value of collateral, the Group’s position relative to
  other claimants, the reliability of customer information and the likely cost and duration of the work-out process, Subjective
  judgement is made in this process. Furthermore, judgement can change with time as new information becomes available or as
  work-out strategies evolve, resulting in revisions to the impairment provision as individual decisions are taken. Changes in
  judgement could have a material impact on the financial statements.

  Adequacy of individual provisions is assessed in respect of each loan depending on the size of the loan at the board meetings.



  Trade and Other Payables

  These amounts represent liabilities for goods and services provided to the Group prior to the end of the financial
  year which are unpaid. The amounts are unsecured and are usually paid within 30 days of recognition. Trade and
  other payables are presented as current liabilities unless payment is not due within 12 months after the reporting
  period. They are recognised initially at their fair value and subsequently measured at amortised cost using the
  effective interest method.




  Employee Expenses

  Liabilities for wages and salaries, including non-monetary benefits and accumulating sick leave that are expected to
  be settled within 12 months after the end of the period in which the employees render the related service are
  recognised in respect of employees’ services up to the end of the reporting period and are measured at the amounts
  expected to be paid when the liabilities are settled. The liabilities are presented as current liabilities and included in
  the Accruals, Provisions and Other Liabilities in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position. Similarly, any
  liabilities relating to bonuses are presented as current liabilities and included in Accounts Payable.




Annual Report Blackwell Global Holdings Limited                                                            P       Cc       Page 20 of 37
Notes to the Financial Statements


  Income Tax

  Income tax expense comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax expense is recognised in the Statement of
  Comprehensive Income except to the extent that it relates to items recognised directly in equity, in which case it is
  recognised in equity.


  Current tax is the expected tax payable on the taxable income for the year, using tax rates enacted or substantively
  enacted at the reporting date, and any adjustment to tax payable in respect of previous years.

  Deferred tax is recognised using the liability method, providing for temporary differences between the carrying
  amounts ofassets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used fortaxation purposes. Deferred
  taxis not recognised for the following temporary differences: the initial recognition of goodwill, the initial recognition
  of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a business combination and that affects neither accounting nor
  taxable profit at the time of the transaction, and differences relating to investments in subsidiaries and joint
  operations to the extent that they probably will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax is measured at the
  tax rates that are expected to be applied to the temporary differences when they reverse, based on the laws that have
  been enacted or substantively enacted by the reporting date.

  In principle deferred tax liabilities are recognised from taxable temporary timing differences. Deferred tax assets
  are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which
  deductible temporary differences and unused tax losses and tax credits can be recognised. Deferred tax assets
  are reviewed at each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related
  tax benefit will be recognised.

  Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when they relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority
  and the Group has a legally enforceable right to offset current tax assets against current tax liabilities.


  Cash Flows

  The following are the definitions used in the Statement of Cash Flows:

  Cash and cash equivalents are short term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible to known amounts of
  cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value.

  Operating activities are the principal revenue-producing activities of the Group and other activities that are not
  investing or financing activities.

  Investing activities are the acquisition and disposal of long-term assets and other investments not included in cash
  and cash equivalents.

  Financing activities are activities that result in changes in the size and composition ofthe contributed equity
  and borrowings of the Group.


  Borrowings

  Borrowings are recognised initially at fair value, net of transaction costs incurred. Borrowings are subsequently carried at
  amortised cost; any difference between the proceeds (net of transaction costs) and the redemption value is recognised in
  the Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income over the period of the borrowings using the effective interest
  method.


  Convertible Notes

  Compound financial instruments issued by the Group comprise convertible notes.

  The liability component of a compound financial instrument is recognised initially at the fair value of a similar liability that does
  not have an equity conversion option. The equity component is recognised initially at the difference between the fair value of
  the compound financial instrument as a whole and the fair value of the liability component. Any directly attributable transaction
  costs are allocated to the liability and equity components in proportion to their initial carrying amounts.




  Subsequent to initial recognition, the liability component of a compound financial instrument is measured at amortised cost using
  the effective interest method. The equity component of a compound financial instrument is not re-measured subsequent to
  initial recognition except on conversion or expiry.


  Borrowings are classified as current liabilities unless the Group has an unconditional right to defer settlement of the liability for at
  least 12 months after the end of the reporting period.




Annual Report     Blackwell Global Holdings Limited
                                                                                                                         ah, Page 21 of 37
                                                                                                                       onl
                                                                                                                pwe
Notes to the Financial Statements


  Goods and Services Tax (GST)
  The Group is not registered for GST. Therefore, all amounts are stated inclusive of GST. The GST arrears recorded within Trade
  and Other Payables shown in the Statement of Financial Position relates to GST arrears relating to prior years for which the
  Group is on installment arrangement with Inland Revenue.


  Fixed Assets and Depreciation

  All fixed assets are recorded at cost less accumulated depreciation. Depreciation of the assets has been calculated at the
  maximum rates permitted by the Income Tax Act 2007. The entity has assets classes as set out below:


  Plant and Equipment               Depreciation rate of 50%




  2. Critical Estimates and Judgements Used in Applying Accounting Policies

  The Group prepares its financial statements in accordance with NZ IFRS, the application of which often requires
  judgements to be made by management when formulating the Group’s financial position and results. Under NZ
  IFRS, the Directors are required to adopt those accounting policies most appropriate to the Group’s circumstances
  for the purpose of presenting a true and fair view of the Group’s financial position, financial performance and cash
  flows.


  In determining and applying accounting policies, judgement is often required in respect of items where the choice of
  specific policy, accounting estimate or assumption to be followed could materially affect the reported results or net
  asset position of the Group should it later be determined that a different choice would be more appropriate.

  Management considers the accounting estimates and assumptions disclosed below to be its critical accounting
  estimates and, accordingly, provide an explanation of each, as disclosed below.


    *      Provisions for impairment — The effect ofcredit risk is quantified based on management’s best estimate of future cash
             repayments and proceeds from any security held. Referto Note 19 for furtherdetails.




                                                                                                                2018             2017
                                                                                                                   $               $

  3.Interestand OtherIncome
    Interest Income on Loan Receivables                                                                          34,956                 -
    Interest Income on Term Deposits and Bank Accounts                                                           23,613            416

    Loan Fees Income                                                                                             17,893                 -

    Total Interest and Fee Income                                                                               76,462             416




                                                                                                                2018             2017
                                                                                                                   $               $

    Other Income
    Sundry Income                                                                                                82,352                 -
    Total Other Income                                                                                          82,352                 -


    Sundry Income represents costs related to the Group which were reimbursed by Blackwell Global Investments Limited. It has been
    agreed that these costs will not be recovered from the Group. Please refer Related Party Note 20.




Annual Report Blackwell Global Holdings Limited                                                                   —
                                                                                                                       ail Page 22 of 37
Notes to the Financial Statements



                                                                                                           2018                          2017
                                                                                                             $                            $

  4. Operating          Expenses
    Accounting, Legal and Consultancy Fees                                                                  204,526                    110,064

    NZX Fees and Listing Charges                                                                             66,993                      31,438

    Audit Fees                                                                                               61,643                      22,765

    Other Operating Expenses                                                                                 42,524                       5,068

    Insurance Expenses                                                                                       15,606                      16,930

    Depreciation Expense                                                                                      1,001                               -

    GST Claims Disallowed                                                                                                -              187,027

  Total Operating Expenses                                                                               392,293                     373,292


                                                                                                             2018                        2017
                                                                                                                 $                        $


    Audit of Financial Statements

    - Performed by PricewaterhouseCoopers for the year ended 31 March 2018                                               61,525                   -

    ~ Performed by William Buck Christmas Gouwland for the year ended 31 March 2017                                          118        11,500

  Total Audit Fees                                                                                               61,643                11,500




                                                                                                           2018                          2017
                                                                                                             §                            $

    5. IncomeTax Expense


  This note provides an analysis of the Group’s income tax expense, shows how the tax expense is affected by non-assessable and
  non-deductible items.



    Income Tax Expense

    Current Tax
                                                                                                                     -                        -
    Current tax on profits for the year

   Total Current Tax Expense                                                                                         -                        -



    Deferred Tax Benefit on Profit Tax/(Losses)
    Origination and reversal of temporary differences                                                                -                        -

    Total Deferred Tax Expense/ (Benefit)                                                                            -                        -

    Income Tax Expense                                                                                               -                        ~



  Numerical Reconciliation of Income Tax Expense to Prima Facie Tax Payable
                                                                                                           2018                          2017




    Loss before income tax expense                                                                     (752,160)                   (396,834)

                                                                                                    (752,160)                 (396,834)

    Tax at the tax rate of 28%                                                                        (210,605)                    (111,114)
    Tax effect of amounts which are not deductible (taxable) in calculating taxable
    income/(loss):

    Non-deductible expenses                                                                                1,863                        7,793

    Current tax losses not recognised                                                                   208,742                      103,321

    Income Tax Expense                                                                                           -                            -



Annual Report     Blackwell Giobal Holdings Limited                                                              —_                 Page 23 of 37
                                                                                                        pwe
Notes to the Financial Statements

  The income tax able to be charged directly to equity during the year was $60,683 with a corresponding deferred tax asset. Given the
  current financial position of the Group, the directors have decided not to recognise the deferred tax asset and accordingly no
  income tax has been recognised within equity in respect of the Convertible Note — equity component or the contributed equity.



  Tax Losses

    Tax losses for which no deferred tax asset has been recognised                                        (752,160)                (396,834)


    Potential tax benefit @28%                                                                         (210,605)                (111,114)



  In view of the current financial position and loss position of the Group, the directors have decided not to recognise any tax
  benefit on tax losses carried forward by the Group as from 31 March 2017. The   availability of Tax losses carried forward are subject
  to continuity of shareholders requirements being met in order to be utilised by the Group. Due to change in shareholding, the
  recognised 2017 tax losses have been forfeited.

                                                                                                               2018                    2017
                                                                                                                 $                       $



  6. Imputation Credit Account

    imputation credits available for use in subsequent periods                                                        -              6,783,000



 Due to change in shareholding on 22 June 2017, the recognised 2017 imputation credits have been forfeited.




  7. Dividends Declared and Paid

  No dividends were declared or paid relating to the Group results for the year ended 31 March 2018 (31 March 2017: Snil).


 8. Earnings/(Loss) Per Share



                                                                                       2018                               2017

                                                                                      Cents                               Cents

                                                                                    Per Share                         Per Share

    Basic earnings/(loss) per Share:                                                   (0.21)                             (0.32)




    Diluted earnings/(loss) per Share:                                                 (0.21)                             (0.32)




                                                                                       2018                               2017


                                                                                         $                                  $

    Loss for the year attributable to equity holders of                              (752,160)                        (396,834)




                                                                                       2018                               2017


                                                                                   No. of Shares                 No. of Shares


    Ordinary Shares at the start of the year                                        125,957,622                    125,957,622


    Ordinary Shares issued during the year                                          313,872,866                             -


    Ordinary shares at the end of the year                                        439,830,488                    125,957,622




    Weighted average number of Ordinary Shares                                     355,557,773                    125,957,622




Annual Report     Blackwell Global Holdings Limited                                                              By, Page 24 of 37
                                                                                                       pwe
Notes to the Financial Statements




                                                         2018                  2017

                                                            $                    $

  9. Prepayments and Other Receivables
       Prepayments                                         84,438              82,188

       Other Receivables                                        210                 21C

       Total Prepayments and Other Receivables           84,648               82,398


    Currentand Non-Current
       Current                                              9,648              82,398

       Non-Current                                         75,000                        -

       Total                                             84,648               82,398




                                                             2018              2017

                                                                 $              $

  10. Trade and Other Payables

    Current

       GST Arrears                                              91,895          93,516
       Accounts Payable                                         44,829        212,875
       Total Current                                      136,723            306,391


   Non-Current

       GST Arrears                                                   -         85,718

      Total Non-Current                                           ba          85,718


  Total Trade and Other Payables                        136,723              392,109



                                                             2018              2017

                                                                 $              $

  11.Accruals, Provisions and Other Liabilities
    Accruals                                               127,523                           .
    Provision for Holiday Pay                                   6,646                        -
    Total Accruals, Provisions and Other Liabilities      134,169                            -



                                                             2018             2017

                                                                 $              $

  12. Loan Receivables
    Current

    Loans Receivable                                      3,303,983                  -

    Accrued Interest                                        11,394                   -
    Deferred Income                                        (56,417)                  -
    Credit provisioning for loan losses                                  -           -

    Total Current Loan Receivables                       3,258,960                   -


    Non-Current
                                                                     -                   -
    Loans Receivable

    Total Non-Current                                                -                   -



    Total Loan Receivables                             3,258,960                         -



Annual Report Blackwel Global Holdings Limited              BL Page 25 of 37
                                                       pwe
Notes to the Financial Statements




    Credit Risk Grading

    The Group’s receivables are monitored by regular assessment of their credit risk grade based on an objective review of defined
    risk characteristics. The portfolio risk is regularly refreshed based on current information.


    The loan receivables consist mainly of lending for:
       ,       Land Purchase
       .       Refinance
       ¢       Residential Construction




                                                                                                                        2018                2017


  Loan receivables                                                                                                          $                  $
    Neither at least 90 days past due nor impaired                                                                   3,258,960                     -
     At least 90 days past due

    Individually impaired                                                                                                      -

    Gross loan receivables                                                                                           3,258,960
    Less provision ‘or impairment                ne                   soe                                       |


    Total Loan Receivables                                                                                          3,258,960                      -



    Loans are individually risk graded based on loan status, financial information, security and debt servicing ability. Exposures in the
    portfolio are credit risk graded by an internal risk grading mechanism and is part of the loan application and approval process.



    In the portfolio, grade 1 is the strongest risk grade for undoubted risk and grade 5 represents the weakest risk grade where a loss
    is probable and needs to be written off. In the current portfolio the loans have been secured and guaranteed personally
    therefore are categorised as Grade 1.


      Loan Receivables                                                 Residential         Refinance and Land                      Total
                                                                     Construction                    Purchase
      Grade 1 - Full repayment expected from sale of                        650,746                 2,608,214               3,258,960
      primary security.
      Grade 2 - Full repayment expected from sale of
      primary security and/or additional collateral.
      Grade 3 - Full repayment from a refinance by
      borrower or by sale of primary security.
      Grade 4 - Full repayment from a refinance by
      borrower or by sale of primary and additional
      securities.
      Grade 5 - Some loss expected from forced sale of
      securities if full repayment cannot be done by
      refinance.



                                                                                                                         2018                2017
                                                                                                                           $                   $

    13. Borrowings

    Current Borrowings
      Borrowings                                                                                                                           240,000

    Total Current Borrowings                                                                                                   -      240,000


     Non-Current Borrowings
       Bonds                                                                                                         1,942,536                     -
      Convertible Notes                                                                                                399,142                     -

    Total Non-current Borrowings                                                                                    2,341,678                      -




Annual Report       Blackwell Global Holdings Limited                                                                       au Page 26 of 37
                                                                                                                pwe
Notes to the Financial Statements



  Borrowings


  As at 31 March 2017, the Group had unsecured loans from Mr Kaw Sing Chai amounting to $25,000 and loan due to the Blackwell
  Global Group Limited of $215,000 totaling $240,000. Upon restructure, these loans were settled by issue of new shares at $0.008
  per share.

  Convertible Notes


  The Group issued $500,000 Convertible Notes as part of the restructure (refer to note 16) on 22 June 2017 at a fixed interest rate of
  8% payable. The Convertible Notes mature three years from the issue date at their nominal value of $500,000 or can be converted
  into shares at the holder’s option anytime from the time of issue to the maturity date at the rate $0.008 per share per $1 of
  Convertible Notes held.


  The value of Convertible Notes recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position is calculated as follows:

                                                                                                                  2018            2017


  Convertible Notes                                                                                                   $             $
    Value of Convertible Notes issued on 22 June 2017                                                            500,000               -
    Equity Component recognised in Convertible Note Reserve                                                     (114,716)              -

    Liability component on initial recognition as at 22 June 2017                                                385,284               -
    Interest Accrual                                                                                               4,355

    Non-Resident Withholding Tax Payable (NRWT)                                                                    9,503
    Total Convertible Notes Liability recognised as Current                                                     399,142                -
    Borrowings




  Bonds


  The Group issued $2,000,000 Bonds on 18 December 2017 at a fixed interest rate of 6%. The bonds mature three years from the
  issue date at their nominal value of $2,000,000. The contributed capital component represents the difference in fair value between
  the current fixed interest rate and the estimated interest rate of a similar bond issued to a third party.

  The bonds recognised in the Consolidated Statement of Financial Position is calculated as follows:

                                                                                                                   2018           2017


  Bonds                                                                                                                  $             $
    Value of Bonds issued on 18 December 2017                                                                   2,000,000              -
    Contributed Capital on the Bond                                                                             (102,013)              -
    Liability component on initial recognition as at 18 December 2017                                           1,897,987              -
    Interest Accrual                                                                                              33,863
    Non-Resident Withholding Tax Payable (NRWT)                                                                   10,686
    Total Bond Liability recognized as Non-current Borrowings                                                  1,942,536               ”




                                                                                                                   2018           2017
                                                                                                                     $             $


14. Cash and Cash Equivalents
    Cash in Bank                                                                                                   801,387    158,739
    Total Cash and Cash Equivalents                                                                              801,387     158,739


  Current interest rate on cash at bank with accounts with floating interest rate is at 0.10% per annum. The current overdraft interest
   rate on the unarranged overdraft is 22.50% per annum and is subject to change.




Annual Report Blackwel Global Holdings Limited                                                                      aa) Page 27 of 37
                                                                                                               pwe
Notes to the Financial Statements




                                                                                                                 2018                  2017
                                                                                                                    $                   $

15. Net Debt

    This section sets out an analysis of net debt for the periods presented for the Group.

    Cash and Cash Equivalents                                                                                     801,387          158,739

    Borrowings                                                                                                 (2,341,678)         (240,000)

    Net Debt Borrowings                                                                                      (1,540,291)           (81,261)

  The movements in net debt for the periods have been disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements.



16. Share Capital


  A total of 313,872,866 shares were issued during the year ended 31 March 2018 (2017 — Nil).

  All Ordinary Shares are issued and fully paid, have an equa! right to vote, to dividends and to any surplus on winding up. The
  Group does not have a total number of authorised shares. The Board may issue Shares or other Equity Securities to any person
  in any number it thinks fit provided that while the Group is Listed, the issue is made in accordance with the NZX Listing Rules.



                                                                               No. of Shares                            $

    Issued and Paid up Capital

   Ordinary Shares 31 March 2016                                               125,957,622                        9,650,250

   Ordinary Shares 31 March 2017                                               125,957,622                        9,650,250

   Ordinary Shares 31 March 2018                                                439,830,488                      12,110,746




  Restructure

  During the year, there was a Restructure to reorganise the capital and organisational structure of the Group. This was done
  by way of a Special Meeting of Shareholders held on 22 June 2017 and resolutions passed to achieve thefollowing:

  1. The issue of 313,872,866 new ordinary fully paid shares by the Company to Blackwell Global Group Limitedand other investors
     introduced by Blackwell (and/or their respective nominees). The issue price per new share was $0.008 per share. The
     aggregate subscription price was $2,510,983 before transaction costs ($50,487);

 2. New directors were appointed to the board of directors of the Company ("Board") post completion of the restructure. Additional
    human resources were introducedinto the Group to fulfil the executive roles required to achieve implementation of the
     Restructure, in addition to the resource already retained by the Group;

 3. New finance company operations were launched;

  4. The Group is in the process of applying for FMAand statutory licenses and registrations required in connection with the
     Restructure and new operations relating to the Finance Company and Derivative Trading.




17. Fair Values

  The fair values of financial assets and financial liabilities that are traded in active markets are based on quoted market prices or
  dealer price quotations. For all other financial instruments, the Group determines fair value using other valuation techniques.

  The Group measures fair values using the following fair value hierarchy, which reflects the significance of the inputs used in
  making the measurements.
  * Level 1: Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities.
  « Level 2: Inputs other than quoted prices included within Level 1 that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly
  (that is, as prices) or indirectly (derived from prices).
  + Level 3: Inputs for the asset or liability that are not based on observable market data (unobservable inputs).

  As at 31 March 2018 and 31 March 2017 no assets or liabilities were recognised at fair value.                         Gh,

Annual Report     Blackwell Global Holdings Limited                                                                  —         Page 28 of 37
Notes to the Financial Statements



  As at 31 March 2018 and 31 March 2017 Cash and Cash Equivalents, Trade and Other Receivables (excluding Prepayments), Trade
  and Other Payables and Accruals approximated their fair value due to being short term.


  The fair values of non-current borrowings are based on discounted cash flows using a current borrowing rate. They are
  classified as level 3 fair values in the fair value hierarchy due to the use of un-observable inputs.

  Thefairvalues of loan receivables are based on discounted cash flows using a current interest rates per the loan
  agreements. They are classified as level 3 fair values in the fair value hierarchy due to the use of un-observable inputs.

  The fair value hierarchy of Group's Financial Assets and Liabilities not measured at fair value is presented below.




   31 March 2018                                      Level 1            Level 2                Level 3          Total Fair Value

    Loan Receivables                                    -                      -                3,258,960            3,258,960


    Cash and Cash Equivalents                         801,387              -                       -                  801,387


    Other Receivables                                   210                -                       -                    210


    Total Financial Assets                            801,597                  -               3,258,960            4,060,557



    31 March 2018                                     Level i            Level 2                 Level 3         Total Fair Value

   Borrowings                                            -                     -                2,341,678            2,341,678

   Trade and Other Payables                           136,723              ~                       -                  136,723

   Accruals and Other Liabilities                     127,523              -                       .                  127,523

   Total Financial Liabilities                        264,246                  -               2,341,678            2,605,924




    31 March 2017                                      Level 1           Level 2                 Level 3         Total Fair Value

    Cash and Cash Equivalents                          158,739             -                       .                  158,739

    Other Receivables                                        -             -                       -                     -


    Total Financial Assets                            158,739                  ”                       -             158,739




    31 March 2017                                     Level 1          - Level 2                 Level 3         Total Fair Value

   Borrowings                                               -              -                    240,000               240,000
   Trade and Other Payables                           392,109              -                       -                  392,109

   Accruals and Other Liabilities                           -              -                       -                     -


    Total Financial Liabilities                       392,109                  ~                240,000              632,109




18. Financial Instruments by Category



                                                                 Loans and Receivables                                           Total
 Financial Assets
 2018
 Loan Receivables                                                                  3,258,960                             3,258,960
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                          801,387                                   801,387
 Other Receivables                                                                      210                                        210
                                                                                   4,060,557                             4,060,557




Annual Report     Blackwell Global Holdings Limited                                                             —            Page 29 of 37
                                                                                                            pwe
Notes to the Financial Statements


 2017
 Cash and cash equivalents                                                       158,739                                     158,739
 Other Receivables                                                                       -                                            -
                                                                                 158,739                                     158,739




                                                           Liabilities at amortised cost                                        Total
 Financial Liabilities
 2018
 Trade and other payables                                                       136,723                                       136,723
 Borrowings                                                                   2,341,678                                     2,341,678
 Accruals and Other Liabilities                                                  127,523                                     127,523
                                                                              2,605,924                                     2,605,924




 2017
 Trade and other payables                                                        392,109                                     392,109
 Borrowings                                                                      240,000                                     240,000
 Accruals and Other Liabilities                                                        :                                           -
                                                                                 632,109                                     632,109



19. Risk Management


  Market Risk
  Market risk is the risk that market interest rate risks or foreign exchange rates will change and impact on the Group’s earnings
  due to either mismatches between repricing dates of interest bearing assets and liabilities. Refer to note on Interest rate risk
  for further details regarding interest rate risk,

  The Group has no exposure to pricing or foreign exchange risks.



  Liquidity Risk

  Liquidity risk is the risk that the Group is unable to meet its payment obligations as they fall due. The timing mismatch of cash
  flows and the related liquidity risk is inherent in all financial operations and is closely monitored by the Group.
                                                                                  to generate or obtain sufficient cash ina
  Management of liquidity risk is designed to ensure that the Group has the ability
  timely manner and at a reasonable price to meet its financial commitments on a daily basis.

  The objective of the Group is to derive the most appropriate strategy in terms of the mix of assets and liabilities given its
  expectations of future cash flows, liquidity constraints and capital adequacy.

  Although the Group is not bound by any restrictive lending limit restrictions, current strategies include minimum loan no less
  than $50,000 and maximum lending limit of $2,000,000.

  The Group holds the following financial assets for the purpose of managing liquidity risk:
  - Cash and cash equivalents $801,352 (2017:5158,739).


   Liquidity Table

  The table below analyses the Group’s financial liabilities into relevant maturity groupings based on the remaining period at the
  statement of financial position date to the contractual maturity date. The amounts are disclosed in the table are the contractual
   undiscounted cash flows.



                                        0-6 Months | 7-12 Months         1-2 Years           2-5 Years       S+ Years        Total

    As at 31 March 2018                       $             $                $                  $               $
     Borrowings                               80,219         79,781          160,000          2,596,000                 -    2,916,000

    Trade and other payables                  81,586         55,137                  -                   -              -     136,723

    Accruals, Provisions and Other           127,523                -                -                   -              -     127,523
     Liabilities




                                        0-6 Months | 7-12 Months         1-2 Years           2-5 Years       5+ Vears        Total

Annual Report Blackwell Global Holdings Limited                                                                             Page 30 of 37

                                                                                                                    a
                                                                                                             pwe
Notes to the Financial Statements



    As at 31 March 2017                         $                $              $              $                $

    Borrowings                                240,000                  -                -             -                -        240,000

    Trade and other payables                  165,907             46,758        93,516          85,928                 -        392,109

                                                        -              -                -             -                .                    .
    Accruals, Provisions and Other
    Liabilities




  Interest Rate Risk

  Currently the Group has only one interest bearing cash and cash equivalents bank account. This relates to the bank account
  with floating interest rates. The impact on loss after tax and equity would be as follows if the interest rates deviated by 1%
  from the current interest rates:




                                                            Cash and Cash Equivalents                       Rate (+/-1%)

    2018                                                             $801,387                              $8,014/($8,014)

    2017                                                             $158,739                              $1,587/($1,587)

  All other interest bearing financial assets and liabilities are at fixed interest rates.


  Credit Risk

  Credit risk is the risk that a borrower will default on any type of debt by failing to make payments which it is obligated to make.
  The risk is primarily that of the lender and includes loss of principal and interest, disruption to cash flows and increased
  collection costs.

  The Group’s exposure to credit risk is governed by a credit risk policy approved by the Board by special resolution on 22 June
  2017. This policy sets out the nature of risk which may be taken and aggregate risk limits, and the Group must conform to
  this.

  Credit risk is managed to achieve sustainable risk-reward performance whilst maintaining exposures within acceptable
  risk parameters. This is achieved through the combination of governance, policies, systems and controls, underpinned by
  commercial judgement as described below.

  Formal credit risk management strategies are in place to oversee and manage the Group’s credit risk exposures typically on six
  monthly basis to ensure consistency with the Group’s credit policies to manage all aspects of credit risk. The credit risk
  management strategies ensure that:
  * Credit origination meets agreed levels of credit quality at point of approval.
  * Maximum total exposure to any one debtor is actively managed.
  « Changes to credit risk are actively monitored with regular credit reviews.


  The loan recommendation aims to cover the following in order to achieve the overall objective to evaluate the firm's or
  individual's financial capabilities and determine if they are able to settle their loan obligations with the Group in the long run:
    *       Background
    ,       Purpose
    *       Ownership and Management
    *     — Security
    .       Market Information
    ¢       Financial information
    *       Value of Security andguarantee(s)
    *     — Cashflow and financial strength of the borrower, owner and guarantor(s).


                                                                                                                    2018           2017


  Loans Receivable                                                                                                    $                 $
     Secured by mortgage over property                                                                         3,258,960
     Secured by a charge over a motor vehicle or boat                                                                  -

     Unsecured or with a PPSR financing statement                                                                      -                -

    Total Loans Receivable                                                                                    3,258,960                 -




Annual Report Blackwel Global Holdings Limited                                                                       Bb Page 31 of 37
                                                                                                             pwe
Notes to the Financial Statements

  Current year loans are ranging from $300,000 - $1,300,000 with terms no longer than 12 months. Generally, these loans are to
  finance transactions relating to residential construction, land purchases or refinancing. All the loans are secured by first registered
  mortgages.



  In some instances, interest may be capitalised or partially capitalised during the term of the loan and the debtor repays the full
  capital plus any capitalised interest at the end of the loan. Loans may be rolled over or extended at the end of their initial term if
  approved by the board.



  Capitalising interest loans                                                                                        $                   $
    Balance of loans with full/partial capitalising interest                                                     2,456,671                   -
    accrued interest capitalised ;           oss om snanine    Le     a      ;                    ;               f 73.869 deme

    Total principal and interest loans                                                                         2,480,233                     -



  Cash Management

  Any cash on hand is held by the ASB Bank which is a registered bank and has an AA- rating with Standard and Poor's.




  LVR Range


  The Group provides iending facilities secured over a mix of residential properties and vacant residential land.


  The Loan to Value Ratio (LVR) policy confines lending to within a maximum of 75% for residential property and a maximum of 50%
  for vacant residential land.




20. Related Party Transactions



  Subsidiaries

  The group is controlled by Blackwell Global Group Limited (incorporated in Singapore) which owns 56.61% of the company’s
  shares. The group’s ultimate controlling party is Mr Kaw Sing Chai, who also owns 12.7% of the company’s shares in his own
  name. The remaining 30.69% are widely held.

  The subsidiaries of Blackwell Global Holdings Limited are as follows:


   Significant                      Country of                 Nature of            Proportion of Ownership   Proportion of Ownership
   Subsidiaries                     Incorporation and          Business             interest and Voting       interest and Voting
                                    place of business                               Power Held as at 31       Power Held as at 31
                                                                                    March 2018                March 2017

   Blackwell Global                 New Zealand                Diversified                    100%                           N/A
   Finance Limited                    .                        Financial Services



   Blackwell Global                 New Zealand                Diversified                    100%                           N/A
   Investments (NZ)                                            Financial Services
   Limited

   NZF Money Limited (In            New Zealand                In Receivership                100%                           100%
   Receivership)


  During the year Blackwell Global Investments Limited (a related party through common shareholding) paid for employee and other
  operating expenses relating to the Group, which the Group incurred the costs thereof (refer to note 3 for the amount of
  reimbursement).




Annual Report     Blackwell Global Holdings Limited                                                                  _             Page 32 of 37
                                                                                                              pwe
Notes to the Financial Statements

  The following expenses were paid by Blackwell Global Investments Limited and have been agreed that these costs will not be
  recovered from the Group:


                                                                                   Amount
                                                                                       2018

    Expense                                                                              $
      Rent                                                                             119,428

      Recruitment Fees                                                                  55,091
      Computer and IT Expenses                                                           1,249
    Total                                                                          $175,768



    Transactions with Related Parties

    During the year the following expenses were incurred relating to Sean Joyce and Ewe Leong Lim below:




                                                                          Legal Fees                                Balance Due


                                                                 2018                   2017                 2018                  2017


      Invoices Issued By              Related Party                   S                      $                $                     $

      Corporate Counsel               Sean Joyce                $21,539                $14,203                S-                    S-

      Anthony Harper                  Ewe Leong Lim              $658                    S-                  $658                   $-




                                                                                                                      2018               2017


  Remuneration of Directors                                                                                             $                 $
    Sean Robert Joyce                                                                                                 86,140              7,986
    Craig Irving Alexander 7                                                                                          60,265              7,986

    Say Chan Law (James)                                                                                              38,812

    Ewe Leong Lim                                                                                                     388120
    Mark Thornton (resigned 7 July 2017)                                                                             21,452               7,986
    Kaw Sing Chai (M Chai)                                                                                            39,000                    -

    Total Remuneration of Directors                                                                                 284,481             23,958



  Key Personnel Remuneration

  No employees within the Group received remuneration and benefits above $100,000 except for one key personnel who received
  remuneration and benefits between $140,000 to $150,000 during the year, as is required to be disclosed in accordance with Section
  211(g) of the Companies Act 1993 for the year ended 31 March 2018 (2017: $0.00).

  Key management includes directors and Chief Executive Officer. The total remuneration and benefits paid or payable to key
  management for employee services comprising salaries and other short-term benefits was $404,481 for the year ended 31 March
  2018 (2017: $23,958).



  Directors’ Shareholdings for The Year Ended 31 March 2018


    Director                                          Holder                                     Number of Shares

    Kaw Sing Chai                                     Kaw Sing Chai                              55,871,667


    Say Chan Law (James)                              Say Chan Law (James)                       25,000,000


    Mark Hume Thornton                                Colsam Trust                               9,095,514



    All directors are common to all the subsidiary companies in the Group.



Annual Report     Blackwell Global Holdings Limited                                                                         aid Page 33 of 37
                                                                                                                  pwe
Notes to the Financial Statements

    As at 31 March 2018, Kaw Sing Chai also has 100% shareholding in Blackwell Global Group Limited which holds 249,001,199 shares
    in the Group. Refer to Note 20, Subsidiaries section for further details.


    During the year, Convertible Notes and Bonds were issued to Blackwell Global Group Limited based in Singapore in which Kaw Sing
    Chai has shareholding interests. Refer to Note 13 for further details.


  Interested Transactions

  The Directors have disclosed the following transactions with members of the Group:


  Interested Transactions
  During the year ended 31 March 2018, Corporate Counsel, of which Blackwell Global Holdings Limited director Sean Joyce is a
  partner, provided legal services to the Group totaling $21,539 (2017: $14,203). During the year consultancy services were also
  obtained from Anthony Harper where Ewe Leong Lim is also a partner totaling $658 (2017: $0.00).


  Directors’ Remuneration
  Remuneration details of Directors are provided above.


  Indemnification and Insurance of Officers and Directors
  The Group indemnifies Directors and Executive Officers of the Group against all liabilities which arise out of the
  performance of their normal duties as Directors or Executive Officers, unless the liability relates to conduct involving lack of
  good faith. To manage this risk, the Group has indemnity insurance. The total cost of this insurance expensed in the Group
  during the financial year was $17,840 (2017: $16,930).

  Share Transactions
  No Directors acquired or disposed of any Ordinary Shares in the Group during the year except for what has been disclosed relating
  to the restructure in Note 16 (2017: Nil).


  Directors’ Loans
  There were no loans made by the Group to the directors or by the directors to the Group during the year except for the
  transactions relating to the restructure of the company in July 2017 as per note 16.

  Use of Group Information
  The Board received no notices during the year from Directors requesting to use Group information received in their capacity as
  Directors which would not otherwise have been available to them.

  21. Capital management

  The Group’s objectives when managing capital are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern in order to
  provide returns for shareholders and benefits for other stakeholders and to maintain an optimal capital structure to reduce the cost
  of capital.

  Jn order to maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may adjust issue of new shares or borrowings to reduce debt.


  22. Operating Lease Commitments

  As at 31 March 2018, the Group had no material operating lease commitments (31 March 2017: Nil}


  23. Capital Commitments

  There were no material capital commitments as at 31 March 2018 (31 March 2017: Nil)


  24. Contingent Assets & Liabilities

  There are no material contingencies as at 31 March 2018 (31 March 2017: Nil).

  25. Subsequent Events

  The Group incorporated a new subsidiary Blackwell Global Funds Limited wholly owned by Blackwell Global Holdings Limited
  on 4 April 2018. The purpose of this subsidiary is to facilitate loans funded by new investors.




Annual Report Blackwel Global Holdings Limited                                                                   Bb, Page 34 of 37
                                                                                                          pwe
 Additional Information
  Blackwell Global Holdings Limited
  For the year ended 31 March 2018

  1. DIRECTORS

  The names of the Directors of the Company in office at the date of this Report are:


  Sean Robert Joyce
  Chairman and Director


  Craig Irving Alexander
  Director


  Kaw Sing Chai
  Director


 Say Chan Law (James)
  Director


  Ewe Leong Lim
  Director



  2. AUDITORS

 Fees due to PricewaterhouseCoopers are $61,525 (including GST). Fees paid to William Buck Christmas Gouwland are
 $48,118 (2017: $11,500) for audit related services. In accordance with Section 200 of the Companies Act 1993, the auditors,
 William Buck Christmas Gouwland, ceased to provide services and the company has now engaged PricewaterhouseCoopers to
 audit the 2018 Financial Statements.


 3. DONATIONS

 There were no donations paid during the year (2017: $nil).

 4, SHAREHOLDERS

 As at 31 March 2018 there were 451 shareholders.


 5. SHARE ISSUES

  During the year ended 31 March 2018, new shares of 313,872,866 ordinary shares were issued on 6 July 2017 (2017: Nil).


 6. SHAREHOLDER DETAILS

 The ordinary shares of Blackwell Global Holdings Limited are listed on the NZSX Market operated by NZX Limited.




Annual Report   Blackwell Global Holdings Limited                                                                          Page 35 of 37
  Additional !nformation




  7.20 LARGESTSHAREHOLDERS

  The information in the disclosures below has been taken from the Company's register as at 9 April 2018:



    Name |             |                                              Fully Paid Ordinary Shares                      % Held
                                                                      Number Held

    Blackwell Global Group Limited                                    249,001,199                                     56.61%

    Kaw Sing Chai              a                                      55,871,667                                12.70%
   James Law                                                          25,000,000                                       5.68%

 - Pat Redpath O*Connor & Kay O'Connor & Robert Norman                17,010,002                           |          3.87% _
   Burnes


   Lynton Ross Campbell & Dennis Michael Graham & Mark Hume          | 9,095,514 :           -                        2.07%
 _ Thornton

  ‘Bin Zheng & Robert Bruce Alderton Costain                          8,497,426                                  1.93%
    Barbara Charlotte Thornton & Sw Trust Services Limited            7,834,488                             -    1.78% _
    Best Investments Limited         ;                                5,768,622                                  1.31%
  | David Burton Gibson                                               3,959,040                                  0.90%
 - Pkb Trustees Limited                             -                 3,001,596          7               os      0.68%
    Betalert Limited       |                oe                        3,000,000                        |    7    0.68%
    Say Chan Law         -                        |                   2,826,000      |               ;         . 0.64%
    Fiona Patrica Lyons & Kim Nigel Lyons & Wyndham                   2,711,915                              -   0.62%
   Trustees Limited

   FNZ Custodians Limited                                             2,697,228                                     0.61%
 | Ww Custodians Limited :                                            2,642,622          |           7            | 0.60%
   Walter Mick George Yovich & Jeanette Julia Yovich                  2,193,409                                  a 0.50%
   New Zealand Central Securities Depository Limited             |    2,142,710                                .    0.49%
   Ted Burak                                                          1,890,000                                       0.43%

   Land Securities Limited                                   |        1,689,752                                       0.38% i
   Gadbrook Limited                                                   1,455,738                  |                :   0.33%




Annual Report    Blackwell Global Holdings Limited                                                                      Page 36 of 37
 Additional Information




 8. DISTRIBUTION OF EQUITY SECURITIES


                                 Number of Security Holders                           Number of Securities

   Size of Holding               Number                           %                   Number                         %

   1-1,000           |           25                               5.54%               18,275                  a0.01%
   1,001-5,000                   127                              28.16%              441,109                        0.10%

   5,001-10,000                  69                  .            15.30%              580,651                       | 0.13%
   10,001-50,000              : 108                               23.95%              2,647,484                      0.60%

   100,001 or more          | 87                                  19.29%             433,395,479                    : 98.53%
                           7 451                                  100.00%          ; 439,830,488                      100.00%

 9, SUBSTANTIAL SECURITY HOLDERS

 Total number of shares on issue as at 31 March 2018 was 439,830,488 (2017: 125,957,622).

 Pursuant to Section 35F of the Securities Markets Act 1988, details of substantial security holders and their total relevant
 interests as at 9 April 2018:



                                                         Number of Shares                         Disclosure Date

   Kaw Sing Chai                                         55,871,667                               13 April 2018

   Blackwell Global Group Limited                        249,001,199                              13 April 2018



 10.SHAREHOLDER ENQUIRIES

 Shareholders should send changes of address to Link Market Services Limited at the address noted in the Company Directory.
 Notification must be in writing. Questions relating to shareholdings should also be addressed to Link Market Services Limited.
 For information about the Company please contact the Company at the Registered Office by sending an e-mail to
 info@ beholdings.co.nz or visit the website www. bgholdings.co.nz.


  11.ANNOUNCEMENT AND REPORTING TO SHAREHOLDERS

 The Company has established an e-mail list of Shareholders that want to receive announcements and reports made by
 Blackwell Global Holdings Limited to the NZX. Announcements and reports are e-mailed to Shareholders who wish to receive
 them shortly after they are released. This willinclude the Annual Meeting addresses, Annual Reports and Interim Reports. If you
 want to be added to this listing please e-mail registry@bghholdings.co.nz and advise us of your preferred e- mail address. Your
 e-mail details will be kept confidential.


  12.WAIVERS

  During the course of the financial year ended 31 March 2018 the Company obtained no waivers from NZX Limited.




Annual Report    Slackwell Global Holdings Limited                                                                            Page 37 of 37
