To our Shareholders,
Thank you for your support and ownership of Sprouts through another dynamic year in food retail. I’m extremely
proud of the way our talented store, distribution center, and support office teams executed our strategy with a
relentless focus on our customers. The progress the business has made and the financial results we produced are a
testament to their efforts.
I firmly believe the foundation we continued laying in 2022 will position us to deliver sustainable growth and
meaningful returns to shareholders well into the future. Throughout the year we made significant investments in
team member wages, benefits, and training, and we fostered an inclusive company culture. We built more product
innovation capabilities to drive a differentiated assortment that resonates with our target customer. We advanced
our fresh supply chain work to improve the customer experience and reduce shrink. We improved customer
communication and connectedness across digital and e-commerce channels. And, importantly, we supported the
health of our communities by championing local vendors, reducing waste, fighting hunger, and underwriting
children’s nutrition education programs in underserved areas.

Throughout a year filled with macro challenges, these efforts made our business stronger, more resilient, and more
sustainable. Here are just some of our 2022 successes:

•Annual sales of $6.4 billion and earnings per share of      •Today, we are 51% female and 48% ethnically diverse
$2.39, a growth of 14%.                                      across our stores. Also improved diversity on our board
•Cash from operations of $371 million self-funded our 16     of directors.
new stores.                                                  •Awarded a “AAA” rating by MSCI, a leading ESG
•Introduced approximately 8400 new fresh, healthy, and       rating organization, and named as one of the 100
attribute-driven products.                                   most sustainable companies in the world by
                                                             Corporate Knights.
•Sprouts Brand products exceeded $1 billion in sales.
                                                             •60% of new stores were in our new smaller format
•Returned $200 million of value to shareholders through      with reduced operational costs, less rent, and more
our share buyback program.                                   operational efficiencies.
•E-commerce sales grew 11%, supported by our                 •Strengthened our fresh supply chain operational
partnerships with Instacart and the new addition of          execution and technology stack creating stability and
DoorDash to reach even more customers.                       improved service to our stores, resulting in a fresher
•Recovered 87% of food waste and donated the                 product for the customer.
equivalent of 27 million meals to those in need.             •Created value for our communities by supporting
•Created 1,600 new jobs, promoted 24% of our team            non-profit-led school gardens and nutrition learning
members, and delivered more than 682 thousand training       programs that impacted an estimated 3 million students.
hours.                                                       •Built a talented customer analytics team to better
•Local produce sales grew over 100% to $150 million as       understand our customers’ behaviors and digitally
we built key grower relationships and introduced more        connected with 13% more customers.
unique local items.                                          • $200M in sales of products from diverse suppliers.


When I look back at all our accomplishments in 2022, what I am most proud of is the way our team members lived
our company Values every day with intentionality. We cared for each other, our customers, our communities, our
suppliers, and the planet. We celebrated and embraced being different as a business and as individuals. We owned
our areas of responsibility and demonstrated a collective desire to improve the business and drive outcomes. The
dedication and collaboration of our 30,000+ team members make me exceedingly optimistic about the future.
As we begin the new fiscal year, we believe our differentiated healthy offering has never been more relevant. Many
Americans’ dietary needs and choices make for continued trends that favor our business model. I sometimes must
remind myself that, even though Sprouts opened its first store 20 years ago, we are still in the early chapters of our
growth story. I’m excited about the chapters yet to come and am more confident than ever in our ability to deliver
results and do right by all our stakeholders.




                       Jack Sinclair,
                       Chief Executive
                       Officer
                                               UNITED STATES
                                    SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                                                           Washington, D.C. 20549
                                                                FORM 10-K
☒     ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                                                       For the fiscal year ended January 1, 2023
                                              OR
☐     TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                                                      For the transition period from                to
                                                     Commission File Number: 001-36029




                                                  Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc.
                                              (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
                                  Delaware                                                                     32-0331600
                         (State or other jurisdiction of                                                     (I.R.S. Employer
                        incorporation or organization)                                                      Identification No.)
                                                           5455 East High Street, Suite 111
                                                               Phoenix, Arizona 85054
                                                 (Address of principal executive offices and zip code)
                                                                     (480) 814-8016
                                                 (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)
                                           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
             Title of Each Class                                 Trading Symbol(s)                       Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered
    Common Stock, $0.001 par value                                      SFM                                    NASDAQ Global Select Market
                                           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
                                                                     None
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes ☒ No ☐
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes ☐ No ☒
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes ☒ No ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such
files). Yes ☒ No ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an
emerging growth company. See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer,” “smaller reporting company,” and “emerging growth
company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer      ☒                                                                                            Accelerated filer               ☐
Non-accelerated filer        ☐                                                                                            Smaller reporting company       ☐
Emerging growth company ☐
If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new
or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. ☐
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management’s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal
control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that
prepared or issued its audit report. ☒
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes ☐ No ☒
As of July 1, 2022, the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant’s
voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $2,761,959,072, based on the last reported sale price of such stock as reported on The
NASDAQ Global Select Market on such date.
As of February 28, 2023, there were 103,067,514 outstanding shares of the registrant’s common stock, $0.001 par value per share.

                                                DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
Portions of the registrant’s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference in Part III of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K where indicated. Such Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the
registrant’s fiscal year ended January 1, 2023.
                                                                 TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                                                                                                                    Page
                                                                      PART I
Item 1. Business ..............................................................................................................................................        1
Item 1A. Risk Factors ........................................................................................................................................        18
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments ............................................................................................................                       33
Item 2. Properties ............................................................................................................................................       34
Item 3. Legal Proceedings .............................................................................................................................               35
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures ...................................................................................................................                   35
                                                                     PART II
Item 5.  Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer
         Purchases of Equity Securities ........................................................................................................                      36
Item 6. Reserved .............................................................................................................................................        38
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.                                                                        39
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk......................................................                                             55
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data............................................................................                                       56
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure                                                                          98
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures ..................................................................................................................                   98
Item 9B. Other Information ...............................................................................................................................            99
Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections ......................................                                                  100
                                                             PART III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance ..........................................................                                           101
Item 11. Executive Compensation ..................................................................................................................                   101
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
         Stockholder Matters...........................................................................................................................              101
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence .......................                                                           101
Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services........................................................................................                              101
                                                                       PART IV
Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules ................................................................................                                 101
Item 16. Form 10-K Summary ........................................................................................................................                  104
Signatures         ..............................................................................................................................................    105
      As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless the context otherwise requires, references to
the “Company,” “Sprouts,” “we,” “us” and “our” refer to Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc., a Delaware
corporation, and, where appropriate, its subsidiaries. The inclusion of our website addresses in this
Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include or incorporate by reference the information on or
accessible through our websites herein.

                      SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
      This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains “forward-looking statements” that involve substantial
risks and uncertainties. The statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not purely
historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (referred to as the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of
1934, as amended (referred to as the “Exchange Act”), including, but not limited to, statements regarding
our growth strategy, expectations, beliefs, intentions, future operations, future financial position, future
revenue, projected expenses, and plans and objectives of management. In some cases, you can identify
forward-looking statements by terms such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,” “expect,” “intend,” “may,”
“might,” “plan,” “project,” “will,” “would,” “should,” “could,” “can,” “predict,” “potential,” “continue,”
“objective,” or the negative of these terms, and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking
statements. However, not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. These forward-
looking statements reflect our current views about future events and involve known risks, uncertainties,
and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievement to be
materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Factors that could
cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled
“Risk Factors” included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Furthermore, such forward-looking
statements speak only as of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation
to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such
statements.
                                                  PART I

Item 1. Business
      Sprouts Farmers Market offers a unique grocery experience featuring an open layout with fresh
produce at the heart of the store. Sprouts inspires wellness naturally with a carefully curated assortment
of better-for-you products paired with purpose-driven people. We continue to bring the latest in
wholesome, innovative products made with lifestyle-friendly ingredients such as organic, plant-based and
gluten-free. Headquartered in Phoenix with 386 stores in 23 states as of January 1, 2023, we are one of
the largest and fastest growing specialty retailers of fresh, natural and organic food in the United States.

                                               Our Heritage

      In 2002, we opened the first Sprouts Farmers Market store in Chandler, Arizona. From our founding
in 2002 through January 1, 2023, we have grown rapidly, significantly increasing our sales, store count
and profitability, including successfully rebranding 43 Henry’s Farmers Market and 39 Sunflower Farmers
Market stores added in 2011 and 2012, respectively, to the Sprouts banner through acquisitions. These
three businesses all trace their lineage back to Henry’s Farmers Market and were built with similar store
formats and operations including a strong emphasis on value, produce and service in smaller, convenient
locations.




                                                     1
                                          Our Growth Strategy

     Since 2020, we have focused on a long-term growth strategy that we believe is transforming our
company and driving profitable growth. We continue to execute on this strategy, focusing on the following
areas:


     •     Win with Target Customers. We are focusing attention on our target customers, identified
           through research as ‘health enthusiasts’ and ‘selective shoppers’, where there is ample
           opportunity to gain share within these customer segments. We believe our business can
           continue to grow by leveraging existing strengths in a unique assortment of better-for-you,
           quality products and by providing a full omnichannel offering through delivery or pickup via our
           website or the Sprouts app.

     •     Update Format and Expand in Select Markets. We are delivering unique smaller stores with
           expectations of stronger returns, while maintaining the approachable, fresh-focused farmer’s
           market heritage Sprouts is known for. In 2021, we opened three stores and remodeled one
           store featuring our new format, and in 2022, we opened nine new format stores. Our
           geographic store expansion and new store placement will intersect where our target
           customers live, in markets with growth potential and supply chain support, which we believe
           will provide a long runway of at least 10% annual unit growth beginning in 2024.

     •     Create an Advantaged Fresh Supply Chain. We believe our network of fresh distribution
           centers can drive efficiencies across the chain and support growth plans. To further deliver on
           our fresh commitment and reputation, as well as to increase our local offerings and improve
           financial results, we aspire to ultimately position fresh distribution centers within a 250-mile
           radius of stores. With the opening of two fresh distribution centers in 2021, we now have more
           than 85% of our stores within 250 miles of a distribution center.

     •     Refine Brand and Marketing Approach. We believe we are elevating our national brand
           recognition and positioning by telling our unique brand story rooted in product innovation and
           differentiation. We are investing savings from largely removing our weekly promotional print ad
           into increasing engagement and personalization with our target customers through digital and
           social connections, driving additional sales growth and loyalty.

     •     Inspire and Engage Our Talent to Create a Best Place to Work. Subsequent to the initial
           launch of our long-term growth strategy, we have added the focus area of inspiring and
           engaging our talent through our culture, acquisition and development and total rewards
           program to attract and retain the talent we believe we need to execute on our strategic goals
           and transform our company into a premier place to work.

     •     Deliver on Financial Targets and Box Economics. We are measuring and reporting on the
           success of this strategy against a number of long-term financial and operational targets. With
           the implementation of our strategy beginning in 2020, we have significantly improved our
           margin structure above our 2019 baseline.




                                                     2
                                       Our Stores and Operations

     We believe our stores represent a blend of farmers markets, natural foods stores, and smaller
specialty markets, distinguishing us from other food retailers, while also providing a broad offering of
innovative and differentiated products with lifestyle friendly ingredients for our customers.
     •     Store Design and Experience. Our stores are organized in a “flipped” conventional food retail
           store model, positioning our produce at the center of the store surrounded by a specialty
           grocery offering. Produce remains the heart of our stores, as we typically dedicate
           approximately 20% of a store’s selling square footage to produce, which we believe is
           significantly higher than many of our peers. The stores are designed with open layouts and low
           displays, intended to provide an easy-to-shop environment that invokes a farmers’ market
           experience and allows our customers to view the entire store. Our small box format allows for
           quick in-and-out service, and our curated assortment of innovative, responsibly and locally
           sourced items offer treasure hunt shopping experiences. The below diagram shows a sample
           layout of our new smaller format stores:




     •     Customer Engagement. We are committed to providing, and believe we have, best-in-class
           customer engagement, which builds trust with our customers and differentiates the Sprouts
           shopping experience from that of many of our competitors. We design our stores to maximize
           personal connections with our purpose-driven team members, as we believe this interaction
           provides an opportunity to educate customers and provides a valued, differentiated customer
           service model, which enhances customer loyalty and increases visits and purchases over
           time. In addition, we continue to expand mobile and digital opportunities to further engage with
           our customers and provide a full omnichannel offering as many customers use both in-store
           and online for their grocery needs.
     •     Store Size. Currently, our stores average approximately 28,000 square feet, which we believe
           is smaller than many of our peers’ average stores. Under our long-term growth strategy, our
           new format stores feature a smaller box size, generally between 21,000 and 25,000 square
           feet, that stay true to our fresh-focused, farmers market heritage but are less expensive to
           build, reduce non-selling space, reduce occupancy and operating costs and leverage the
           strengths of our older, highly productive stores. Our stores are located in a variety of mid-sized
           and larger shopping centers, lifestyle centers and in certain cases, independent single-unit,
           stand-alone developments. The size of our stores and our real estate strategy provide us
           flexibility in site selection.




                                                      3
     •     Team Members. Our stores are typically staffed with 75 to 100 full and part-time team
           members. We strive to create a strong and unified company culture and develop team
           members throughout the entire organization, and we assist our store teams with our store
           support office and regional teams. We have prioritized making investments in training
           development that we believe enhances our team members’ knowledge, particularly with
           respect to our expanded and evolving product offerings, so our team members can continue to
           engage and assist our customers. We also support leadership and career opportunities for our
           team members at Sprouts. We believe our team members contribute to our consistently high
           service standards and that this helps us successfully open and operate our stores.

                                          Our Product Offering

     We are a specialty natural and organic food retailer that offers a unique shopping experience for our
customers. To offer the right assortment of healthy alternatives and good-for-you options, we curate our
product mix to differentiated fresh, natural and organic foods and healthier options throughout all of our
departments, with innovative products that feature lifestyle friendly ingredients.

Fresh, Natural and Organic Foods
      We focus our product offerings on fresh, natural and organic foods. Foods are generally considered
“fresh” if they are minimally processed or in their raw state not subject to any type of preservation or
freezing. Natural foods can be broadly defined as foods that are minimally processed and are free of
synthetic preservatives, artificial sweeteners, colors, flavors and other additives, growth hormones,
antibiotics, hydrogenated oils, stabilizers and emulsifiers. Essentially, natural foods are largely or
completely free of non-naturally occurring chemicals and are as near to their whole, natural state as
possible.

     Organic foods refer to the food itself as well as the method by which it is produced. In general,
organic operations must demonstrate that they are protecting natural resources, conserving biodiversity,
and using only approved substances and must be certified by a USDA-accredited certifying agency.
Further, retailers that handle, store or sell organic products must implement measures to protect their
organic character.

Product Categories
     We categorize the varieties of products we sell as perishable and non-perishable. Perishable
product categories include produce, meat, seafood, deli, bakery, floral and dairy and dairy alternatives.
Non-perishable product categories include grocery, vitamins and supplements, bulk items, frozen foods,
beer and wine, and natural health and body care. The following is a breakdown of our perishable and
non-perishable sales mix:

                                                                   2022           2021           2020
Perishables                                                           58.0%           57.7%          57.2%
Non-Perishables                                                       42.0%           42.3%          42.8%


Departments
      While we focus on providing an abundant and affordable offering of natural and organic produce,
our stores also include the following departments that enable customers to have a full grocery shopping
experience: packaged groceries, meat and seafood, deli, vitamins and supplements, dairy and dairy
alternatives, bulk items, baked goods, frozen foods, natural health and body care, and beer and wine. Our
departments reflect our unique selling proposition featuring intentional curation of responsibly and locally
sourced products. We believe each of our departments provides high-quality, differentiated and value-
oriented offerings for our customers which we continuously refine with our customer preferences in mind.




                                                     4
Sprouts Brand
     We have been expanding the breadth of our Sprouts branded products over the last several years
and have a dedicated product development team focused on continuing this growth. We sell a broad
assortment of products that are differentiated and fun to explore, offer incredible taste, quality, value and
experience, and are only available at Sprouts. We started a program in 2022 to update and redesign all
Sprouts branded products, and we are expecting to complete this in 2024. Though early in the rollout of
the new design, we are seeing positive impact in terms of sales and recognition. The Sprouts Brand
program accounted for just over 19% of our revenue in fiscal 2022. We believe our Sprouts Brand
products build and enhance the overall Sprouts brand and allow us to distinguish ourselves from our
competitors, promoting customer loyalty and creating a destination shopping experience.

Product Innovation
      We believe Sprouts is on the forefront of food innovation and has paved the way for natural food
trends for over two decades. Since our founding, Sprouts has carried a wide selection of innovative
natural and organic brands that resonate with our target customers and inspire healthy living for
everyone. We have nurtured and grown many once-shoestring brands that now serve as category
leaders. As we continue to grow, we aspire to become the most innovative health and wellness specialty
food retailer in the country by seeking out and growing our relationships with niche vendors to bring their
unique, quality products to the millions of shoppers who visit our stores every week. Led by our dedicated
foraging team, we embrace product innovation, and we believe our stores serve as an incubator for
growth across the natural foods industry, highlighting new and differentiated items in our innovation
center merchandising displays.
       In 2022, we launched approximately 8,400 new products. We feature thousands of responsibly
sourced products with certifications and attributes that are desired by our target customer base, including
organic, paleo, keto, plant-based, non-GMO, fair trade, gluten-free, vegan, grass-fed, raw and humane
certified. We will continue to offer a treasure hunt experience for our customers by sourcing new,
innovative and differentiated offerings into every department of our stores.


                                        Sourcing and Distribution

      We manage the buying of, and set the standards for, the products we sell, and we source our
products from hundreds of vendors and suppliers, both domestically and internationally. We are
committed to sourcing products in a manner that respects people, our communities and the environment,
and we seek to partner with suppliers and service providers that share this commitment, as included in
our Supplier Code of Conduct, which details our expectations regarding workplace standards and supplier
best practices, and Commitment to Human Rights.

      We work closely with our supply chain partners to improve animal welfare standards, sustainable
seafood sourcing, support for organic agriculture and the ethical treatment of people. For an overview of
our product sourcing policies and programs, please visit: about.sprouts.com/product-sourcing/.

      We believe, based on our industry experience, that our strong relationships in the produce business
provide us a competitive advantage and enable us to offer high-quality produce at prices we believe are
generally below those of conventional food retailers and even further below high-end natural and organic
food retailers. Our centralized buyers are supported by dedicated regional procurement teams that
provide us flexibility to procure produce on local, regional and national levels. Our regional produce
buying teams allow us to form meaningful relationships with farmers to build a path to growing with them
as we grow, and our flexibility allows us to react to produce markets quickly in order to purchase produce
in smaller quantities than larger chains and to help us bring new and innovative varietals to our customers
at favorable pricing. These products become treasure hunt items found at our stores.




                                                      5
     Given the importance of produce to our stores, we source, warehouse and self-distribute nearly all
produce. This ensures our produce meets our high-quality standards. We have department and product
specifications that ensure a consistently high level of quality across product ingredients, production
standards and other key measures of freshness, natural and organic standards. These specifications are
measured at both entry and exit points to our facilities. We manage every aspect of quality control in our
produce distribution centers.

      As a pillar of our long-term growth strategy, we expect to create an advantaged supply chain and
aspire to locate our distribution centers within 250 miles of the majority of our stores. We currently have
seven distribution centers, with two located in California and one located in each of Arizona, Texas,
Georgia, Colorado and Florida. The increased proximity of our distribution centers to our stores has
allowed us to deliver on our fresh commitment to our customers, by sourcing more products from local
farmers and improving efficiencies in our distribution process.

      We believe our scale, together with this decentralized purchasing structure and flexibility generates
cost savings, which we frequently pass on to our customers. Distributors and farmers recognize the
volume of goods we sell through our stores and our flexible purchasing and supply chain model allows us
to opportunistically acquire produce at great value which we will frequently pass along to our customers.

      For all non-produce products, we use third-party distributors and vendors to distribute products
directly to our stores following specifications and quality control standards that are set by us.

     KeHE Distributors, LLC (“KeHE”), is our primary supplier of dry grocery and frozen food products,
accounting for approximately 45%, 44% and 42% of our total purchases in fiscal 2022, 2021, and 2020,
respectively. Another 3% of our total purchases in each of fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020 were made through
our secondary supplier, United Natural Foods, Inc. (“UNFI”). Our primary supplier of meat and seafood
accounted for approximately 13% of our total purchases in each of fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020. See “Risk
Factors—Disruption of significant supplier relationships could negatively affect our business.”


                                 Our Pricing, Marketing and Advertising

Pricing
      As a farmers market style store, we emphasize competitive prices throughout the entire store, as we
are able to pass along the benefits of our scale and purchasing power to our customers, particularly in
certain categories such as produce. We position our prices with everyday value for our customers within
our margin structure, with regular promotions that drive traffic and trial. Our brands products offer entry-
level price points in certain categories, but also focuses on innovation, treasure hunt experience, wellness
or health benefits and quality.

Marketing and Advertising
      As part of our long-term growth strategy to refine our brand and marketing approach, we have
pivoted our marketing strategy to attempt to drive more profitable growth and create more meaningful
connections with our customers. Our digital-first marketing program is focused on connecting with our
most important, higher value target customers via precision geographic targeting, data-driven media and
focusing on personal relevance to tap into our target audience’s needs and affinities.




                                                      6
      We believe our story telling through broadcast and digital media will reach more customers than our
prior approach utilizing weekly paper flyers, which we largely discontinued. During 2022, we garnered
more than 20 million weekly digital flyer impressions, demonstrating that our leverage of digital media to
reach customers and share what is new and unique at Sprouts resonates with the habits of today’s
shoppers. We experienced a 27% increase in SMS subscribers and a 16% increase in email subscribers
in 2022 compared to 2021. Additionally, digital, TV and radio ads reached shoppers with 4.3 billion
impressions, and we ended the year with 2.2 million followers across all social platforms. Leveraging
digital communications targeted to specific geographic areas also provides us with greater flexibility to
offer different promotions and respond to local competitive activity and allows us to make our customers
aware of what is new and different in our stores in real time.

     Sprouts continues to educate and reach shoppers through social partnerships, special content and
sponsorships. Among our 2022 highlights:
     •     We worked with 270 social influencers from coast-to-coast last year who shared what they
           love about Sprouts in their own words to their unique followers.
     •     In June, we announced our long-term commitment to and investment in collegiate women’s
           athletics through partnerships with the Big 12 and Pac 12 conferences along with supporting
           50 individual Name, Image and Likeness (NIL) deals with female athletes from multiple
           schools from both conferences, becoming the first grocery retailer to make such a
           commitment.
     •     In conjunction with our partnerships with the Big 12 and Pac 12 conferences, in September we
           announced individual sponsorship agreements with the athletics departments at Arizona State
           University, University of California, Los Angeles, University of Southern California and
           University of Texas, pursuant to which we will continue our commitment to women’s athletics
           by sponsorship of season-long activities and entitlement games.
     •     Sprouts first ever back-of-jersey sponsorship with the Angel City Football Club took flight as
           the club began play in the National Women’s Soccer League in 2022. A portion of the
           partnership funds are being allocated to support local causes that provide fresh food access
           and further children’s nutrition education throughout Los Angeles.




                                                     7
      We have developed and maintain the Sprouts app on which we include digital coupons and in-store
scan features, and our website, www.sprouts.com, on which we display our weekly sales flyers, highlight
our product offerings and offer special deals. Our website and app also feature online ordering for
delivery and pickup. We offer home deliveries from our stores through partner services in all of our
markets nationwide, as well as “click and collect” pickup service at all of our stores. We will continue to
explore mobile and digital opportunities to further connect with our customers and leverage data for better
customer insights.


                                             Our Customers

      We have employed deep research to understand our target customer, what occasions drive
purchases, what they buy and where they buy it. Our research yielded a better understanding that our
target customer is comprised of two specific groups: health enthusiasts and selective shoppers (whom we
formerly referred to as experience seekers), and we are focusing on these groups in our long-term growth
strategy.

       Our target customer over-indexes on lifestyle choices and seeks better-for-you grocery options and
innovative, quality products to support their healthy lifestyle. We believe they are engaged and connected
to what they eat – how it makes them feel, where it comes from and the role it can play in their lives. Our
target customer covers a wide range of incomes and age demographics – from Baby Boomers to
Generation Z – and seek a variety of healthy and organic options in addition to a great store experience.
We believe we only serve a small portion of these target customers at present and have an opportunity to
gain a larger proportion of their market share of food-at-home purchases by targeting and identifying
those innovative, attribute-driven, quality products and providing the in-store experience and support in
living a healthy lifestyle that they are seeking.




                                                     8
                               Environmental, Social and Governance

     Central to our identity is a genuine commitment to social and environmental responsibility. We care
deeply about the health and well-being of our customers, team members, communities and our planet.
We work collaboratively with our supply chain partners, community organizations, and industry experts to
understand our material impacts and prioritize where we direct our environmental, social and governance
("ESG") efforts to maximize our influence. Through this materiality review with internal and external
stakeholders, we intend to focus our efforts on sustainable and responsible sourcing, plastics and
packaging reduction and carbon emission reduction.

Our 2022 ESG highlights included:
     •    Nearly 26% of total sales from organic products;
     •    Approximately $200M in sales of products produced by women, minority, veteran, or LGBTQ-
          owned suppliers;
     •    $145M in local produce sales;
     •    21% increase in less carbon intensive plant-based product sales;
     •    Recovered 87% of food waste, and donated the equivalent of 27 million meals; and
     •    Recycled more than 800,000 pounds of plastic from customer returned bags and product
          shipping wrap.

      Based on our ESG accomplishments, we received a rating of AAA in the 2022 MSCI ESG Ratings
assessment. The AAA rating represents the highest on the scale and signifies a company leading its
industry in managing the most significant ESG risks and opportunities. Sprouts was also named as one of
the 100 most sustainable companies in the world by Corporate Knights. For more information on our ESG
efforts and reporting, including our most recent ESG reports, please visit
about.sprouts.com/sustainability/. The information contained on or accessible through our website and in
our ESG reports is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

The Sprouts Healthy Communities Foundation

      In 2015, we formed the Sprouts Healthy Communities Foundation (referred to as our “Foundation”),
a registered 501(c)(3) organization focused on promoting nutrition education and increasing access to
fresh, nutritious food in communities where Sprouts operates. Since the Foundation’s inception, it has
awarded approximately $18.5 million in donations to more than 440 nonprofit organizations and hosted an
estimated 270 volunteer service projects.

     Our Foundation's 2022 highlights included:
     •    Invested over $3.2 million into programs to provide an estimated three million students with
          school garden and nutrition education programming;
     •    Hosted annual Sprouts’ Day of Service, where 700 team members donated 3,000 volunteer
          hours. In total, the Foundation hosted 59 volunteer activities that resulted in 4,000 service
          hours in 2022;
     •    Awarded $2.2 million in high-impact capacity grants to empower nonprofit organizations to
          expand their program operations; and
     •    United more than 400 educators for the first-ever Sprouts’ School Garden Summit, a national
          four-day learning event dedicated to strengthening the school garden and outdoor education
          movement.

     For more information on our Foundation, please visit about.sprouts.com/sprouts-foundation/.




                                                   9
Human Capital Management

      At Sprouts, our culture is rooted in our values of “Care”, “Own it”, and “Love Being Different”. We
remain focused on improving the health of the communities we serve. Customer engagement is critical to
our culture and growth plans, and we place great importance on recruiting candidates and retaining team
members that have a love of food, pride themselves on service excellence, and share our purpose driven
culture. We build on our targeted recruitment efforts with robust training on customer engagement and
product knowledge to ensure there is friendly, knowledgeable staff in every store. As of January 1, 2023,
we had approximately 31,000 team members. None of our team members are subject to collective
bargaining agreements. We consider our relations with our team members to be good, and we have
never experienced a strike or significant work stoppage.

     2022 Highlights. We are proud of the following achievements during the year:

     •     We continue to cascade our three core values to intentionally shape our culture and act as a
           lens to guide the decisions we make. The values will inform our behaviors and actions to
           create a sense of inclusion and belonging.
     •     We engaged in leadership development sessions across the organization with a focus on
           behaviors aligned to our values.
     •     As one of the fastest growing specialty retailers of fresh, natural and organic food in the
           country, we created 1,600 new jobs in 2022 through new store openings.
     •     Additionally, we promoted 7,350 team members and filled 64% of store manager positions with
           internal candidates.
     •     Team members saved approximately $18.6 million through store discounts.
     •     We awarded 58 scholarships to team members and dependents in 2022. Since the
           scholarship program’s inception, we have awarded more than $1.7 million in scholarships.

      Total Rewards. Because we are a people powered business, we are proud to continuously invest in
our workforce by offering competitive salaries and wages, which we regularly assess against the current
business environment and labor market. We proactively make changes to our total rewards programs to
attract the talent that will support our growth strategy and will elevate the customer experience.
Furthermore, we offer comprehensive, relevant and market competitive benefits to all eligible team
members:
     •     We offer a variety of medical benefit plans to allow team members the ability to choose the
           best plan for them and their families.
     •     We offer well-being services and support dedicated to the mental, physical, emotional and
           financial well-being of our team members.
     •     We have a quarterly bonus plan for which all store team members are eligible.
     •     All team members over 18 can enroll in our 401(k) plan the first of the month following three
           months of service, and we offer a contribution matching program.
     •     We offer a paid sick time policy for all team members and offer generous leave programs.
     •     All hourly team members are eligible for semi-annual reviews and merit increases.
     •     We offer team members the opportunity to participate in the Western Association of Food
           Chains’ Retail Management Certificate Program that provides the core skills and knowledge to
           move into a management role in the retail industry. During 2022, 64 Sprouts team members
           enrolled in this program, and 8 team members graduated from the program.




                                                     10
     •     We participated in the McKinsey Connected Leaders Academy, for the second year, engaging
           high performing leaders in programs designed to develop diverse leaders at Sprouts. We had
           39 participants in 2022, which included leaders participating in Hispanic, Black & Asian
           Executive level and Manager level programs.
     •     We offer The Henry Boney Memorial Scholarship, which is designed to offer team members or
           their dependents a $3,000 scholarship to achieve their college dreams.
     •     All Sprouts team members can save at our stores, with a 15% Work Perk Discount. This year
           we offered a 30% discount to all team members over the course of six days aligned with our
           holiday celebrations.

      Education, Training and Safety. We believe Sprouts is an attractive place to work with significant
growth opportunities for our approximately 31,000 team members. To grow the next generation of leaders
at Sprouts, we have developed a Leadership Training Model to on-board store managers new to Sprouts.
In 2022, we had 37 Leadership graduates totaling more than 8,900 hours in training. We introduced a
college fast-track program in stores in 2022 to train college graduates for assistant store management
roles, with 9 graduates in the program. Our store team members completed over 674,000 hours of in-
store training in 2022.
     We are committed to maintaining a safe environment for our team members and customers. Our
stores implement various programs to reduce and eliminate hazards, resulting in a safer workplace and
improved shopping experience. In 2022, our stores reported a 12% reduction in non-COVID worker
compensation claims and a 15% reduction in general liability claims over the prior year.

      Diversity and Inclusion. We pride ourselves on supporting an inclusive, respectful, and caring
culture throughout our organization. In 2022, approximately 51% of our team members were female and
approximately 48% of our team members were ethnically diverse, which we believe to be in-line or slightly
better than our grocery peers. Further, of our promotions across all store roles, 54% were awarded to
female team members and 50% were awarded to ethnically diverse team members. We conduct formal
talent review and succession planning to identify top talent and intentionally make hiring and promotional
decisions that consider inclusion of team members from underrepresented backgrounds. In 2021, Sprouts
launched its first team member resource group "Inspiring Women at Sprouts" to continue to build a culture
of inclusion and belonging. In 2022, we launched three additional team member resource groups
representing affinity team members and allies: “Sabor” our Hispanic & Latin resource group, “Soul” our
Black/African American resource group and “Rainbow Alliance” our LBGTQIA+ resource group.


                                        Growing Our Business

      As part of our long-term growth plan, we plan to expand our store base with at least 10% annual unit
growth beginning in 2024. Our geographic store expansion and new store placement will intersect where
our target customers live, in markets with growth potential and supply chain support, providing a long
runway for us to achieve our growth target.

      We intend to continue to focus our growth on areas where we have a large concentration of stores,
such as California and Texas, while building out our newer markets, such as Florida, Georgia and the
Mid-Atlantic region, to achieve a larger concentration of stores. We have opened 16, 12 and 22 new
stores in fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. We expect to continue to expand our store base with
approximately 30 store openings planned for fiscal 2023. Beyond 2023, we expect to target at least 10%
annual unit growth, subject to the impact of supply chain disruptions which delayed a number of our new
store openings in 2020- 2022. See “Item 2. Properties” for additional information with respect to our
planned store closures in 2023.




                                                   11
The below diagram shows our store footprint, by state, as of January 1, 2023.




                                             12
                                          New Store Development

      We have an extensive analytics-based process for new store site selection, which includes in-depth
analysis of area demographics, competition, growth potential, traffic patterns, grocery spend and other
key criteria. We have a dedicated real estate team as well as a real estate committee that includes certain
of our executive officers. Multiple members of this committee often conduct an on-site inspection prior to
approving any new location.

       We have been successful across a variety of urban, suburban and rural locations in diverse
geographies, from coast to coast, which we believe supports the portability of the Sprouts brand and store
model into a wide range of markets. As we implement our long-term growth strategy, our future stores will
deliver a unique and friendly shopping experience that stays true to our farmers market heritage by
featuring a smaller box size than our recent vintages, generally between 21,000 and 25,000 square feet.
By reducing our store square footage, we expect that our newer stores will have a lower cost to build and
decreased occupancy and operating costs, while reducing non-selling space that will result in generally
flat sales compared to our larger stores. We expect these cost reductions will allow us to deliver higher
returns than our larger stores and continue to accelerate our growth.

     See “Item 2. Properties” for additional information with respect to our store locations.


                                                 Seasonality

     Our business is subject to modest seasonality. Our average weekly sales per store fluctuate
throughout the year and are typically highest in the first half of the fiscal year and lowest during the fourth
quarter.




                                       Our Competition and Industry

     We operate within the competitive and highly fragmented grocery store industry which
encompasses a wide array of food retailers, including large national and regional conventional chain
supermarkets, warehouse clubs, small grocery and convenience stores, independent grocers, and natural
and organic, specialty, mass, discount and other food retail and online formats. Based on our industry
experience, we believe our new stores capture market share from conventional supermarkets and
specialty concepts in the supermarket segment.

      Grocery customers are attracted to unique product offerings, formats and differentiated shopping
experiences. Based on our industry experience, we also believe consumers are increasingly focused on
health and wellness and are actively seeking healthy foods in order to improve eating habits. This overall
demand for healthy products is driven by many factors, including increased awareness about the benefits
of eating healthy, a greater focus on preventative health measures, and the rising costs of health care.
We believe customers are attracted to retailers with comprehensive health and wellness product
offerings. As a result, food retailers are offering an increased assortment of fresh, natural and organic
foods as well as vitamins and supplements to meet this demand.

      Our competitors primarily include other specialty food retailers such as Whole Foods, Trader Joe’s,
and smaller local or regional operators, conventional supermarkets such as Kroger, Albertsons, Safeway,
H-E-B and Publix, as well as mass or discount retailers such as Target and Wal-Mart, warehouse
membership clubs, online retailers such as Amazon, specialty stores, restaurants, home delivery and
meal solution companies, and any other outlets offering food and similar products as those found in our
stores. We believe Sprouts offers consumers a compelling value and differentiated products relative to
our competitors and will continue to benefit from increasing consumer focus on health, wellness and
value, as well as their emphasis on an enhanced shopping experience featuring a broad selection of
attribute-driven products along with exceptional customer engagement.




                                                      13
                                    Insurance and Risk Management

       We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance to provide for potential liability for workers’
compensation, general liability, product liability, director and officers’ liability, team member healthcare
benefits, and other casualty and property risks. Changes in legal trends and interpretations, variability in
inflation rates, changes in the nature and method of claims settlement, benefit level changes due to
changes in applicable laws, insolvency of insurance carriers, and changes in discount rates could all
affect ultimate settlements of claims. We evaluate our insurance requirements on an ongoing basis to
ensure we maintain adequate levels of coverage.


                              Trademarks and Other Intellectual Property

     We believe that our intellectual property has substantial value and has contributed to the success of
our business. In particular, our trademarks, including our registered SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET®
and SPROUTS® trademarks, are valuable assets that we believe reinforce our customers’ favorable
perception of our stores. In addition to our trademarks, we believe that our trade dress, which includes the
human-scale design, arrangement, color scheme and other physical characteristics of our stores and
product displays, is a large part of the farmers market atmosphere we create in our stores and enables
customers to distinguish our stores and products from those of our competitors.

      From time to time, third parties have used names similar to ours, have applied to register
trademarks similar to ours and, we believe, have infringed or misappropriated our intellectual property
rights. Third parties have also, from time to time, opposed our trademarks and challenged our intellectual
property rights. We respond to these actions on a case-by-case basis. The outcomes of these actions
have included both negotiated out-of-court settlements as well as litigation.


                                    Information Technology Systems

       We have made significant investments in information technology infrastructure and business
systems, including point-of-sale, data warehouse, labor management, purchasing, inventory control,
demand forecasting, and financial and reporting systems. Our recent investments have focused on
solutions to enhance our operational productivity, optimize our labor, maintain our in-stock positions and
forecast our customer demand, while maintaining our high quality and value proposition. All of our stores
operate under one integrated information technology platform which allows for our current and future
store growth. We will continue making investments in our current information technology infrastructure
and invest in systems that scale to support our growth and add efficiencies to our growing operations. In
addition, we continue our focused efforts on limiting risk of cyber-security incidents by investing in IT
security technology tools, resources, penetration assessments, third-party security audits and employee
training.


                                         Regulatory Compliance

      Our stores and online retail operations are subject to various local, state and federal laws,
regulations and administrative practices affecting our business. We must comply with provisions
regulating health, sanitation and food safety standards, food labeling, equal employment, minimum
wages, data privacy, environmental protection, licensing for the manufacture, preparation and sale of food
and, in many stores, licensing for beer and wine or other alcoholic beverages, and cannabidiol (“CBD”)
products. Our operations, including the manufacturing, processing, formulating, packaging, labeling and
advertising of products by us and our vendors are subject to regulation by various federal agencies,
including the Food and Drug Administration (“FDA”), the Federal Trade Commission (“FTC”), the U.S.
Department of Agriculture (“USDA”), the Consumer Product Safety Commission (“CPSC”) and the
Environmental Protection Agency (“EPA”).




                                                     14
      Food. The FDA has comprehensive authority to regulate the manufacture, labeling, distribution,
sale, marketing and safety of food and food ingredients (other than meat, poultry, catfish and certain egg
products), as well as dietary supplements under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (“FDCA”).
Similarly, the USDA’s Food Safety Inspection Service (“FSIS”) is the public health agency responsible for
ensuring that the nation’s commercial supply of meat, poultry, catfish and certain egg products is safe,
wholesome and correctly labeled and packaged under the Federal Meat Inspection Act and the Poultry
Products Inspection Act.

       Congress amended the FDCA in 2011 through passage of the Food Safety Modernization Act
(“FSMA”), which greatly expanded FDA’s regulatory obligations over all actors in the supply chain.
Industry actors continue to determine the best pathways to implement FSMA’s regulatory mandates and
FDA’s promulgating regulations throughout supply chains, as most requirements are now in effect. Such
regulations mandate participation in USDA's Hazard Analysis and Critical Control Points (“HACCP”)
program or FDA's Hazard Analysis and Risk-Based Prevention Controls (“HARPC”) program, as
applicable, which require that risk-based preventive controls be observed by the majority of food
producers. This authority applies to all domestic food facilities and, by way of imported food supplier
verification requirements, to all foreign facilities that supply food products.

      The FDA and FSIS also exercise broad jurisdiction over the labeling and promotion of food.
Labeling is a broad concept that, under certain circumstances, extends even to product-related claims
and representations made on a company’s website or similar printed or graphic medium. All foods,
including dietary supplements, must bear labeling that provides consumers with essential information with
respect to standards of identity, net quantity, nutrition facts labeling, ingredient statement, and allergen
disclosures. The agencies also regulate the use of structure/function claims, health claims and nutrient
content claims. Additional in-store labeling requirements, such as disclosure of calories and other nutrient
information for frequently sold items are now in effect. In addition, various nutrition initiatives that will
impact many actors in our supply chain, such as the elimination of certain partially hydrogenated oils and
the adoption of a new nutritional labeling format, began to go into effect in 2020.

      USDA’s Agricultural Marketing Service (“AMS”) oversees compliance with the National Organic
Standards Program and related labeling activity. In addition, AMS has responsibility for newly enacted
requirements surrounding the disclosure of the presence of bioengineered ingredients in food.

      AMS also enforces the Perishable Agricultural Commodities Act (PACA) which imposes fair
business practices on parties engaged in the sale of perishable fruits, vegetables and some nuts. Entities
that buy and sell perishable commodities require a PACA license and disputes about sales of produce are
subject to rules and regulations under PACA.

       Dietary Supplements. The FDA has comprehensive authority to regulate the safety of dietary
supplements, dietary ingredients, labeling and current good manufacturing practices. Congress amended
the FDCA in 1994 through passage of the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act (“DSHEA”),
which greatly expanded FDA’s regulatory authority over dietary supplements. Through DSHEA, dietary
supplements became a separately defined FDA-regulated product that is also subject to the general food
regulations. Dietary supplements are allowed to carry structure/function claims which relate to support of
healthy functioning. However, no statement on a dietary supplement may expressly or implicitly represent
that it will diagnose, cure, mitigate, treat or prevent a disease.

      Cosmetics. The FDA has comprehensive authority to regulate cosmetics under the FDCA and the
Fair Packaging and Labeling Act (“FPLA”). No cosmetic product labeling or marketing may advertise any
therapeutic use, such as treating or preventing disease, or claim to affect the structure or function of the
body.




                                                     15
      Homeopathic Products. The FDA has the authority to regulate homeopathic products. Under the
FDCA, homeopathic products are subject to the same requirements related to approval, adulteration and
misbranding as other drug products. There are no FDA-approved products labeled as homeopathic. Any
product labeled as homeopathic is being marketed in the U.S. without FDA evaluation for safety or
effectiveness.

       CBD Products. The 2018 Farm Bill legalized the production of hemp and products made from
hemp, hemp derivatives including CBD oil and extracts, and established that these products are no longer
controlled substances, as long as the cannabis plant and products derived from the plant contain no more
than 0.3% THC. Under the FDCA, it is unlawful to introduce into interstate commerce a food to which has
been added a substance that is an active ingredient in an approved drug product or a substance for which
substantial clinical investigations have been instituted, and the existence of such investigations has been
made public. FDA has approved one drug product containing CBD as an active ingredient. Consequently,
because CBD has been approved as a drug active ingredient, FDA’s current legal position is that CBD
cannot be legally contained in a dietary supplement or food product. This restriction only applies to dietary
supplements and foods. To date, FDA has limited its enforcement actions to those ingestible, topical, and
cosmetic CBD products that make therapeutic or drug claims. However, regardless of enforcement
priorities, FDA has the authority to remove from the market any CBD product if it is adulterated, its
labeling is false or misleading, it is otherwise misbranded, or if it violates any other FDCA or FDA
requirement or regulation. This enforcement authority extends to states that have legalized and regulated
the distribution of ingestible CBD products.

      Food, Cosmetics, Homeopathic and CBD Products, and Dietary Supplement Advertising. The FTC
exercises jurisdiction over the advertising of foods, cosmetics, homeopathic and CBD products, and
dietary supplements. The FTC has the power to institute monetary sanctions and the imposition of
consent decrees and penalties that can severely limit a company’s business practices. In recent years,
the FTC has instituted numerous enforcement actions against companies for failure to have adequate
substantiation for claims made in advertising or for the use of false or misleading advertising claims.

      Compliance. As is common in our industry, we rely on our suppliers and contract manufacturers to
ensure that the products they manufacture and sell to us comply with all applicable regulatory and
legislative requirements. In general, we seek certifications of compliance, representations and warranties,
indemnification and/or insurance from our suppliers and contract manufacturers. However, even with
adequate insurance and indemnification, any claims of non-compliance could significantly damage our
reputation and consumer confidence in products we sell. In addition, the failure of such products to
comply with applicable regulatory and legislative requirements could prevent us from marketing the
products or require us to recall or remove such products from our stores. In order to comply with
applicable statutes and regulations, our suppliers and contract manufacturers have from time to time
reformulated, eliminated or relabeled certain of their products and we have revised certain provisions of
our sales and marketing program.




                                                     16
                                           COVID-19 Pandemic

       Our operations have generally stabilized since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020.
However, we continue to experience varying levels of inflation through increased product costs
attributable in part due to the effects of the pandemic, which we continue to pass through to retail pricing.
In addition, due to continued difficulties in obtaining necessary equipment from third parties and
inflationary pressures due to supply chain delays complicated by the COVID-19 pandemic, we have
experienced and may continue to experience increased costs and delays in our planned new store
openings. See “Risk Factors—The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has disrupted our business and
could negatively impact our financial condition.” for additional information.


                                             Corporate Offices

      Our principal executive offices are located at 5455 E. High Street, Suite 111, Phoenix, Arizona
85054. Our website address is www.sprouts.com. The information on or accessible through our website is
not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document
we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (“SEC”).


                                           Available Information

      Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K,
and all amendments to those reports, and the Proxy Statement for our Annual Meeting of Stockholders
are made available, free of charge, on our investor relations website at http://investors.sprouts.com/, as
soon as reasonably practicable after such reports have been filed with or furnished to the SEC. We also
use our website as a tool to disclose important information about our company and comply with our
disclosure obligations under Regulation Fair Disclosure. Our corporate governance documents, code of
ethics and Board committee charters and policies are also posted on http://investors.sprouts.com/.




                                                     17
Item 1A. Risk Factors
      Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all
of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial
statements and related notes. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our
business, results of operations, cash flows, financial condition, or prospects and cause the value of our
common stock to decline.
                                     Market and Other External Risks

General economic conditions that impact consumer spending or result in competitive responses
could adversely affect our business.
      The retail food business is sensitive to changes in general economic conditions. In addition to the
impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, inflation, recessionary economic cycles, increases in interest rates,
higher prices for commodities, raw materials, fuel and other energy, high levels of unemployment and
consumer debt, depressed home values, high tax rates, tariffs and other macroeconomic factors that
affect consumer spending and confidence or buying habits may materially adversely affect the demand
for and prices of products we sell in our stores. As a result, consumers may be more cautious and could
reduce their spending in our stores or shift their spending to lower-priced competition, such as warehouse
membership clubs, dollar stores, online retailers or extreme value formats, which could have a material
and adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition.
      In addition, prolonged inflation or deflation can impact our business. Food inflation, such as the
elevated levels we experienced during 2022, when combined with reduced consumer spending, could
also reduce sales, gross profit margins and comparable store sales. As a result, our operating results and
financial condition could be materially adversely affected. Food deflation across multiple categories,
particularly in produce and proteins, could also reduce sales growth and earnings if our competitors react
by lowering their retail pricing and expanding their promotional activities, which can lead to retail deflation
higher than cost deflation that could reduce our sales, gross profit margins and comparable store sales.

Our failure to compete successfully in our competitive industry may adversely affect our revenues
and profitability.
      We operate in the competitive retail food industry. Our competitors include specialty grocers,
conventional supermarkets, natural food stores, mass or discount retailers, warehouse membership
clubs, online retailers and specialty stores, as well as restaurants and home delivery and home meal
solution providers. These businesses compete with us for products, customers and locations. We
compete on a combination of factors, primarily differentiated product selection, quality, convenience,
shopping experience, customer engagement, store format, location, price and delivery options. Our failure
to offer products or services that appeal to our customers’ preferences or to effectively market these
products or services could lead to a decrease in our sales. To the extent that our competitors offer lower
prices or similar products, our ability to maintain profit margins and sales levels may be negatively
impacted. In addition, some competitors are aggressively expanding their number of stores or their
product offerings, increasing the space allocated to perishable, prepared and specialty foods, including
fresh, natural and organic foods, and enhancing options of engaging with and delivering their products to
customers. Some of these competitors may have been in business longer or may have greater financial
or marketing resources than we do and may be able to devote greater resources to sourcing, promoting
and selling their products. As competition in certain areas or platforms intensifies or competitors open
stores or expand delivery options within close proximity to our stores, our results of operations and cash
flows may be negatively impacted through a loss of sales, decrease in customer traffic and market share,
reduction in margin from competitive price changes or greater operating costs.

We rely heavily on sales of fresh produce and quality fresh, natural and organic products, and
product supply disruptions may have an adverse effect on our profitability and operating results.
     We have a significant focus on perishable products, including fresh produce and natural and organic
products. Sales of produce accounted for approximately 20% and 21% of our net sales in fiscal 2022 and


                                                      18
2021, respectively. Despite temporary challenges related to the COVID-19 pandemic, we have generally
not experienced significant difficulty to date in maintaining the supply of our produce and fresh, natural
and organic products that meet our quality standards. However, there is no assurance that these products
will be available to meet our needs in the future. The availability of such products at competitive prices
depends on many factors beyond our control, including the number and size of farms that grow natural or
organic crops or raise livestock that meet our quality, welfare and production standards, tariffs and import
regulations or restrictions on foreign-sourced products and the ability of our vendors to maintain organic,
non-genetically modified or other applicable third-party certifications for such products. Produce is also
vulnerable to adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, such as floods, droughts, storms, frosts,
wildfires, earthquakes, hurricanes, pestilences and other extreme or abnormal environmental conditions,
including the potential effects of climate change, any of which can lower crop yields and reduce crop size
and quality. This could reduce the available supply of, or increase the price of, fresh produce, which may
adversely impact sales of our fresh produce and our other products that rely on produce as a key
ingredient.
       In addition, we and our suppliers compete with other food retailers in the procurement of fresh,
natural and organic products, and other specialty, attribute-driven products which are often less available
than conventional products. If our competitors significantly increase these types of product offerings due
to increases in consumer demand or otherwise, we and our suppliers may not be able to obtain a
sufficient supply of such products on favorable terms, or at all, and our sales may decrease, which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
We could also suffer significant inventory losses in the event of disruption of our supply chain network or
extended power outages in our stores or distribution centers. If we are unable to maintain inventory levels
suitable for our business needs, it would materially adversely affect our financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows.

The current geographic concentration of our stores creates an exposure to local or regional
downturns or catastrophic occurrences and the impact of climate change.
      As of January 1, 2023, we operated 130 stores in California, making California our largest market
representing 34% of our total stores in fiscal 2022. We also have store concentration in Texas, Arizona
and Colorado, operating 51, 44 and 32 stores in those states, respectively, and representing 13%, 11%
and 8% of our total stores in fiscal 2022, respectively. As we execute our long-term growth strategy, we
may become even more concentrated in these markets, as well as identified expansion markets such as
Florida, in which we operated 35 stores in fiscal 2022. In addition, we source a large portion of our
produce from California, ranging from approximately 40% to approximately 70% depending on the time of
year. As a result, our business is currently more susceptible to regional conditions than the operations of
more geographically diversified competitors, and we are vulnerable to economic downturns in those
regions. Any unforeseen events or circumstances that negatively affect these areas in which we have
stores or from which we obtain products could materially adversely affect our revenues and profitability.
These factors include, among other things, changes in demographics, population and employee bases;
regulation; wage increases; changes in economic conditions; floods, prolonged droughts, diminished
water resources, windstorms such as tornados, cyclones, hurricanes and tropical storms, winter storms or
other severe weather conditions, which may be caused or exacerbated by climate change; and other
catastrophic occurrences, such as pandemics, earthquakes or wildfires. Such conditions may result in
reduced customer traffic and spending in our stores, physical damage to our stores, full or partial loss of
power in our stores, loss of inventory, closure of one or more of our stores, inadequate work force in our
markets, temporary disruption in the supply of products whether from self or third-party distribution, delays
in the delivery of goods to our stores and a reduction in the availability of products in our stores. Any of
these factors, particularly in areas with significant geographic concentration of our stores or produce
grocers on which we rely, may disrupt our business and materially adversely affect our financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows.

Fluctuations in commodity prices and availability may impact profitability.
      Many products we sell include ingredients such as wheat, corn, oils, milk, sugar, cocoa, nuts and
other key commodities. Many commodity prices are subject to significant fluctuations and may be



                                                     19
impacted by economic factors such as inflation and tariffs, and availability of commodities may be
impacted by weather events and catastrophic occurrences. Any increase in prices of such key ingredients
may cause our vendors to seek price increases from us, and price decreases may result in our
competitors reducing retail prices on items containing such ingredients. If we are unable to mitigate these
fluctuations, our profitability may be impacted either through increased costs to us or lower prices and
loss of customers due to competitive conditions, which may impact gross margins, or through reduced
revenue as a result of a decline in the number and average size of customer transactions.

The coronavirus (COVID-19) pandemic has disrupted our business and could negatively impact
our financial condition.
       The unprecedented global outbreak of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) that began in the first
quarter of 2020 had a significant impact on all aspects of our business, including strains on our entire
supply chain, store operations and merchandising functions. While our operations have generally
stabilized since the peak of the pandemic, our operations may continue to be impacted by any continuing
effects of COVID-19, including resurgences and variants of COVID-19 or outbreaks of any new viruses or
contagions. These impacts may include difficulties and delays in sourcing, transporting and stocking
products, inabilities to staff our stores and distribution centers at adequate levels to conduct our
operations resulting in store closures or operating hour reductions, and incurring significant costs in
support of our front-line store team members for enhanced benefits, safety measures and government-
mandated wage increases.
      Measures taken by governmental authorities to reduce the transmission of COVID-19 or any new
viruses, including vaccine and testing mandates, may cause additional costs and disruptions in workforce
availability, as well as costly litigation, enforcement actions and penalties. In addition, the COVID-19
pandemic has required and COVID-19 or new viruses may in the future again require us to make
controversial decisions and recommendations about precautionary measures such as facial coverings,
vaccinations and testing that could impact our results, including by impacting our brand, team member
retention and satisfaction, and the willingness of customers to visit our stores. Store traffic may further
decline as customers shop less frequently, choose other retail or online outlets to minimize potential
exposure to COVID-19 or return to restaurants and other outlets to purchase and consume food. We
have incurred incremental ecommerce fees from pre-pandemic levels as more customers adopt our
digital solutions.
      The full extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our business and financial condition will
largely depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including
new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the pandemic, emergence of variants and
the actions necessary to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact.

Supply chain disruptions have delayed our store growth plans.
     Due to continued difficulties in obtaining necessary equipment from third parties due to supply chain
delays complicated by the COVID-19 pandemic, we may continue to experience delays in our new store
openings until disruptions to the global supply chain have been resolved, the timing of which is uncertain.

Another widespread health epidemic or other incidents beyond our control could materially
impact our business.
      As evidenced by the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic, our business could be severely impacted by
other widespread regional, national or global health epidemics or other incidents beyond our control such
as terrorism, riots, acts of violence and other crimes. Such events may cause customers to avoid public
gathering places such as our stores or otherwise change their shopping behaviors. Additionally, these
occurrences could adversely impact our business by disrupting production and delivery of products to our
stores and by impacting our ability to appropriately staff our stores.

Increasing energy costs, unless offset by more efficient usage or other operational responses,
may impact our profitability.
     We utilize natural gas, water, sewer and electricity in our stores and our transportation providers use
gasoline and diesel in trucks that deliver products to our stores. We have been adversely impacted by the


                                                    20
increased costs of energy and may be further adversely impacted if costs continue to increase. We may
also be required to pay certain adjustments or other amounts pursuant to our supply and delivery
contracts in connection with increases in fuel prices. Increases in energy costs, whether driven by
increased demand, decreased or disrupted supply, increased environmental regulations or an anticipation
of any such events or otherwise, will increase the costs of operating our stores and distribution centers.
Our shipping costs also may increase if fuel and freight prices increase. We may not be able to recover
these rising costs through increased prices charged to our customers, and any increased prices may
exacerbate the risk of customers choosing lower-cost alternatives. In addition, if we are unsuccessful in
attempts to protect against these increases in energy costs through long-term energy contracts, improved
energy procurement, improved efficiency and other operational improvements, the overall costs of
operating our stores will increase, which would impact our profitability, financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows.

We may require additional capital to fund the expansion of our business, and our inability to
obtain such capital could harm our business.
       To support our growth strategy, we must have sufficient capital to continue to make significant
investments in our new and existing stores and advertising. If cash flows from operations are not
sufficient, we may need additional equity or debt financing to provide the funds required to expand our
business. If such financing is not available on satisfactory terms or at all, we may be unable to expand our
business or to develop new business at the rate desired. Debt financing increases expenses, may contain
covenants that restrict the operation of our business, and must be repaid regardless of operating results.
Equity financing, or debt financing that is convertible into equity, could result in additional dilution to our
existing stockholders. Our inability to obtain adequate capital resources, whether in the form of equity or
debt, to fund our business and growth strategy may require us to delay, scale back or eliminate some or
all of our operations or the expansion of our business, which may have a material adverse effect on our
business, operating results, financial condition or prospects.
                                      Business and Operating Risks

Our ability to execute on our long-term growth strategy largely depends on new store openings,
and our failure to successfully open new stores could negatively impact our business.
      Our continued growth depends, in large part, on our ability to open new stores and to operate those
stores successfully. Successful implementation of our long-term growth strategy depends upon a number
of factors, including our ability to effectively achieve a level of cash flow or obtain necessary financing to
support our expansion; find suitable sites for new store locations; manage supply chain constraints to
obtain necessary equipment; negotiate and execute leases on acceptable terms; secure and manage the
inventory necessary for the launch and operation of our new stores; hire, train and retain skilled team
members; promote and market new stores; successfully execute and gain customer acceptance of our
new store format; and address competitive merchandising, distribution, operational and other challenges
encountered in connection with expansion into new geographic areas and markets. Although we plan to
expand our store base primarily through new store openings, we may grow through strategic acquisitions.
Our ability to grow through strategic acquisitions will depend upon our ability to identify suitable targets
and negotiate acceptable terms and conditions for their acquisition, as well as our ability to obtain
financing for such acquisitions, integrate the acquired stores into our existing store base and retain the
customers of such stores. If we are ineffective in performing these activities, then our efforts to open and
operate new stores may be unsuccessful or unprofitable, and we may be unable to execute our growth
strategy.
      We opened 16 and 12 stores in fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively, and we currently expect to open
approximately 30 new stores in 2023. Beyond 2023, we expect to achieve 10% annual unit growth,
including penetration of new markets with a greater concentration of new stores. However, we may not
achieve this expected level of new store growth due to inability to find suitable sites, supply chain
disruptions or otherwise. We may not have the level of cash flow or financing necessary to support our
growth strategy. Additionally, our proposed expansion will place increased demands on our operational,
managerial and administrative resources. These increased demands could cause us to operate our
existing business less effectively, which in turn could cause deterioration in the financial performance of
our existing stores. Further, new store openings in markets where we have existing stores may result in
reduced sales volumes at our existing stores in those markets. If we experience a decline in performance,
we may slow or discontinue store openings, or we may decide to close stores that we are unable to


                                                      21
operate in a profitable manner. If we fail to successfully implement our growth strategy, including by
opening new stores, our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be adversely
affected.

We may be unable to maintain or increase comparable store sales, which could negatively impact
our business and stock price.
      We may not be able to achieve or improve the levels of comparable store sales that we have
experienced in the past. Our comparable store sales growth could be lower than our historical average for
many reasons, including general economic conditions, competition, cycling prior year performance and
the other matters discussed in these Risk Factors. These factors may cause our comparable store sales
results to be materially lower than in recent periods, which could harm our business and result in a
decline in the price of our common stock.

Real or perceived concerns that products we sell could cause unexpected illness, side effects,
injury or death could result in their discontinuance or expose us to lawsuits, either of which could
result in unexpected costs and damage to our reputation.
      There is increasing public awareness regarding and governmental scrutiny of food safety.
Unexpected illness, side effects, injury, or death caused by products we prepare and/or sell, in particular
our Sprouts brand products, or involving vendors that provide us with products or services that are
consumed by our customers could expose us to severe damage to our reputation, product liability or
negligence lawsuits or government enforcement actions. Any claims brought against us may exceed our
existing or future insurance policy coverage or limits. Any judgment against us that is in excess of our
policy limits would have to be paid from our cash reserves, which would reduce our capital resources.
Further, we may not have sufficient capital resources to pay a judgment, in which case our creditors could
levy against our assets. Such illnesses, side effects, injuries or deaths could also result in the
discontinuance of sales of these products or our relationship with such vendors or prevent us from
achieving market acceptance of the affected products.
      As a fresh, natural and organic retailer, we believe that many customers choose to shop our stores
because of their interest in health, nutrition and food safety. As a result, we believe that our customers
hold us to a high food safety and quality standards, in particular our Sprouts brand products. Therefore,
real or perceived quality or food safety concerns, whether or not ultimately based on fact, and whether or
not involving products prepared and/or sold at our stores or vendors that supply us with products or
provide us with services, would cause negative publicity and lost confidence regarding our company,
brand, or products, which could in turn harm our reputation and net sales, and could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.

Any significant interruption in the operations of our distribution centers or supply chain network
could disrupt our ability to deliver our produce and other products in a timely manner.
       We self-distribute our produce through seven distribution centers located in Arizona, Texas,
northern California, southern California, Georgia, Colorado and Florida. As we further expand our
geographic footprint, we may require additional distribution centers. Any unanticipated or unusual
expenses or significant interruption or failure in the operation of our distribution center infrastructure, such
as disruptions due to fire, severe weather or other catastrophic events, power outages, labor shortages or
disagreements, shipping or infrastructure problems, food safety concerns, integration of new distribution
centers into our supply chain network, inability of our new distribution centers to perform as expected or
contractual disputes with third-party service providers could result in increased expenses and adversely
impact our ability to distribute produce and other products to our stores. Such interruptions could result in
lost sales and a loss of customer loyalty to our brand, as well as increased costs from third-party service
providers. While we maintain business interruption and property insurance, if the operation of our
distribution centers or transportation network were interrupted for any reason, causing delays in shipment
of product to our stores, our insurance may not be sufficient to cover losses we experience, which could
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
      In addition, unexpected delays in deliveries from vendors that ship directly to our stores or increases
in distribution and transportation costs (including through increased labor or fuel costs) could have a
material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Labor shortages,
work stoppages or wage increases in the transportation or other industries, long-term disruptions to the
national and international transportation infrastructure, reduction in capacity and industry-specific



                                                      22
regulations such as hours-of-service rules that lead to delays or interruptions of deliveries or increased
costs could negatively affect our business.

Disruption of significant supplier relationships could negatively affect our business.
       KeHE is our primary supplier of dry grocery and frozen food products, accounting for approximately
45% and 44% of our total purchases in fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our current primary
contractual relationship with KeHE continues through July 18, 2025 and provides that KeHE will be our
primary supplier for all of our stores. Our primary supplier of meat and seafood products accounted for
approximately 13% of our total purchases in both fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively. Due to this
concentration of purchases from a small number of third-party suppliers, the cancellation of our
distribution arrangements or the disruption, delay or inability of our suppliers to timely deliver product to
our stores in quantities or within service parameters that meet our requirements may materially and
adversely affect our operating results while we establish alternative supply chain channels. Another 3% of
our total purchases in both fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively, were made through our secondary supplier
of dry grocery and frozen food products, UNFI. Our current contractual relationship with UNFI continues
through March 31, 2023, and we are engaging in discussions regarding a renewal. There is no assurance
UNFI or other distributors will be able to fulfill our needs on favorable terms or at all. In addition, if KeHE,
UNFI or any of our other suppliers fail to comply with food safety, labeling or other laws and regulations,
or face allegations of non-compliance, their operations may be disrupted. Further, the food distribution
and manufacturing industries are dynamic. Consolidation of distributors or the manufacturers that supply
them could reduce our supply options and detrimentally impact the terms under which we purchase
products. We may not be able to find replacement suppliers on commercially reasonable terms, which
would have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Disruptions to, security breaches or non-compliance involving, our information technology
systems could harm our ability to run our business and expose us to potential liability and loss of
revenues.
       We rely extensively on information technology systems for point-of-sale processing in our stores,
supply chain, financial reporting, human resources, store operations, ecommerce and various other
processes and transactions. Our information technology systems are subject to damage or interruption
from power outages, computer and telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches,
including tampering with hardware and breaches of our transaction processing or other systems that
could result in the compromise of confidential customer or team member data, ransomware attacks,
catastrophic events, and usage errors by our team members. Phishing attacks have emerged as
particularly pervasive, including as a means for ransomware attacks, which have increased both in
frequency and breadth. Point-of-sale hardware in our stores has also been targeted by individuals
attempting to install skimmer devices or conduct other tampering to illicitly obtain payment card
information. In response to these wide-ranging cybersecurity and data privacy risks, we have
implemented numerous security protocols in order to strengthen security, and we maintain a customary
cyber insurance policy, but there can be no assurance breaches will not occur in the future, be detected
in a timely manner or be covered by our insurance policy. Significant expenditures could be required to
remedy future cybersecurity problems and protect against future breaches. Additionally, compliance with
current and future applicable U.S. privacy, cybersecurity and related laws, including for example the
California Privacy Act of 2018 (“CCPA”) and the California Privacy Rights Act (“CPRA”), can be costly and
time-consuming. These costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, and our efforts may
not meaningfully limit the success of future attempts to breach our information technology systems.
        Our information technology systems may also fail to perform as we anticipate, and we may
encounter difficulties or significant expenses in implementing new systems, adapting these systems to
changing technologies or legal requirements or expanding them to meet the future needs and growth of
our business. If our systems are improperly implemented, breached, damaged, cease to function
properly, do not function as anticipated or are perceived to have failed, we may have to make significant
investments to fix or replace them; suffer interruptions in our operations; experience data loss; incur
liability to our customers, team members and others; face costly litigation, enforcement actions and
penalties; and our brand and reputation with our customers may be harmed. Various third parties, such
as our suppliers and payment processors and their suppliers (i.e., our fourth parties), also rely heavily on
information technology systems, and any failure of these systems for any reason (e.g., cybersecurity



                                                      23
attack, software glitch, human or system error or omission), could also cause loss of sales, transactional
or other data and significant interruptions to our business. Any security breach or other material
interruption in the information technology systems we rely on may have a material adverse effect on our
business, operating results and financial condition.
      In addition, many of our store support team members remain in a remote or hybrid work
environment in response to changes in the work environment due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Our failure
to provide appropriate technological resources and maintain adequate safeguards around our remote
work environment could result in loss of productivity and usage errors by our team members or the loss or
compromise of confidential customer, team member or company data. In addition, the remote work
environment may increase certain risks to our business, including phishing and other cybersecurity
attacks.

If we are unable to successfully identify market trends and react to changing consumer
preferences in a timely manner, our sales may decrease.
     We believe our success depends, in substantial part, on our ability to:
     •     anticipate, identify and react to fresh, natural and organic grocery and dietary supplement
           trends and changing consumer preferences and demographics in a timely manner;
     •     translate market trends into appropriate, innovative, saleable product and service offerings in
           our stores before our competitors and effectively market these trends to our target customers;
           and
     •     develop and maintain vendor and service provider relationships that provide us access to the
           newest on-trend merchandise and customer engagement options on reasonable terms.
       Consumer preferences often change rapidly and without warning, moving from one trend to another
among many product or retail concepts. Our performance is impacted by trends regarding healthy
lifestyles, product attributes, dietary preferences, convenient options, fresh, natural and organic products,
meal solutions, ingredient transparency and sustainability, and vitamins and supplements, as well as new
and evolving methods of engaging with and delivering our products to our customers. Consumer
preferences towards vitamins, supplements or fresh, natural and organic food products might shift as a
result of, among other things, economic conditions, food safety perceptions, scientific research or findings
regarding the benefits or efficacy of such products, national media attention and the cost, attributes or
sustainability of these products. Our store offerings currently include fresh, natural and organic products
and dietary supplements. A change in consumer preferences away from our offerings would have a
material adverse effect on our business. Additionally, negative publicity over the safety, efficacy or
benefits of any such items, in particular our Sprouts brand products, may adversely affect demand for our
products, and could result in lower customer traffic, sales, results of operations and cash flows.
     If we are unable to anticipate and satisfy consumer preferences with respect to product offerings
and customer engagement options, our sales may decrease, which could have a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

Our newly opened stores may negatively impact our financial results in the short-term, and may
not achieve sales and operating levels consistent with our more mature stores on a timely basis
or at all.
      We have actively pursued new store growth as part of our long-term strategy and plan to continue
doing so in the future. Our new store openings may not be as successful or reach the sales and
profitability levels of our existing stores. New store openings may negatively impact our financial results in
the short-term due to the effect of store opening costs and lower sales and contribution to overall
profitability during the initial period following opening. New stores build their sales volume and their
customer base over time and, as a result, generally have lower margins and higher operating expenses,
as a percentage of net sales, than our more mature stores. New stores may not achieve sustained sales
and operating levels consistent with our more mature store base on a timely basis or at all. This may
result in store closures or otherwise have an adverse effect on our financial condition and operating
results. Further, we have experienced in the past, and expect to experience in the future, some sales
volume transfer from our existing stores to our new stores as some of our existing customers switch to



                                                     24
new, closer locations. If our new stores are less profitable than our existing stores, or if we experience
sales volume transfer from our existing stores, our financial condition and operating results may be
adversely affected.
      On many of our projects, we have received landlord contributions for leasehold improvements and
other build-out costs. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to continue to receive landlord
contributions at the same levels or at all. Any reductions of landlord contributions could have an adverse
impact on our new store cash-on-cash returns and our operating results.

We may be unable to maintain or improve our operating margins, which could adversely affect our
financial condition and ability to grow.
      If we are unable to successfully manage the potential difficulties associated with store growth, we
may not be able to capture the efficiencies of scale that we expect from expansion. If we are not able to
capture efficiencies of scale related to our smaller store format, improve our systems, sustain cost
discipline, optimize promotional activity and maintain appropriate store labor levels and disciplined
product selection, our customer traffic and operating margins may stagnate or decline. In addition,
competition and pricing pressures from competitors and our inability to timely pass on product cost
increases due to inflation or otherwise to our customers through retail price increases may also adversely
impact our operating margins. Both our inability to capture the efficiencies from scale and competition
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows and adversely affect the price of our common stock.

If we fail to maintain our reputation and the value of our brand, our sales may decline.
        We believe our continued success depends on our ability to maintain and grow the value of the
Sprouts brand. Maintaining, promoting and positioning our brand and reputation will depend largely on the
success of our marketing and merchandising efforts and our ability to provide a consistent, high-quality
customer experience. Brand value is based in large part on perceptions of subjective qualities, and even
isolated incidents involving our company, our team members, suppliers, agents, marketing partners, or
third-party service providers, or the products we sell can erode trust and confidence, particularly if they
involve our Sprouts brand products, or result in adverse publicity, governmental investigations or
litigation. Our brand could be adversely affected if we fail to achieve these objectives, or if our public
image or reputation were to be tarnished by negative publicity.

The loss of key management could negatively affect our business.
      We are dependent upon a number of key management and other team members. If we were to lose
the services of a key member of our management team or a significant number of key team members
within a short period of time, this could have a material adverse effect on our operations as we may not
be able to find suitable individuals to replace them on a timely basis, if at all. In addition, any such
departure could be viewed in a negative light by investors and analysts, which may cause our stock price
to decline. We do not maintain key person insurance on any team member.

If we are unable to attract, train and retain team members, we may not be able to grow or
successfully operate our business.
      The food retail industry is labor intensive. Our continued success and ability to grow through new
store openings is dependent upon our ability to attract and retain qualified team members in our stores
and at our store support offices who understand and appreciate our culture and are able to represent our
brand effectively and establish credibility with our business partners and customers. We face intense
competition for qualified team members, many of whom are subject to offers from competing employers.
Due to a tight labor market, availability of talent and other factors, we have experienced, and could
continue to experience, a shortage of labor for store positions. Our ability to meet our labor needs, while
controlling wage and labor-related costs, is subject to numerous external factors, including the availability
of a sufficient number of qualified persons in the work force in the markets in which we are located,
unemployment levels within those markets, unionization of the available work force, prevailing wage
rates, changing demographics, health and other insurance costs and changes in employment legislation.
In the event of increasing wage rates, if we fail to increase our wages competitively, the quality of our
workforce could decline, causing our customer engagement to suffer, while increasing our wages could



                                                     25
cause our earnings to decrease. If we are unable to hire, train and retain team members capable of
meeting our business needs and expectations, our business and brand image may be impaired. Any
failure to meet our staffing needs or any material increase in turnover rates of our team members or team
member wages may adversely affect our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.

Union attempts to organize our team members could negatively affect our business.
      None of our team members are currently subject to a collective bargaining agreement. As we
continue to grow and enter different regions, unions may attempt to organize all or part of our team
member base at certain stores or within certain regions. Responding to such organization attempts may
distract management and team members and may have a negative financial impact on individual stores,
or on our business as a whole.

Higher wage and benefit costs could adversely affect our business.
      Changes in federal and state minimum wage laws and other laws relating to employee
compensation and benefits could cause us to incur additional wage and benefit costs, as well as
increased contractual costs associated with our service providers. Increased labor costs brought about by
changes in minimum wage laws, other regulations or prevailing market conditions would increase our
expenses and have an adverse impact on our profitability.

Our lease obligations could adversely affect our financial performance and may require us to
continue paying rent for store locations that we no longer operate.
       We are subject to risks associated with our current and future store, distribution center and
administrative office real estate leases. Our high level of fixed lease obligations will require us to use a
portion of cash generated by our operations to satisfy these obligations and could adversely impact our
ability to obtain future financing, if required, to support our growth or other operational investments. We
will require substantial cash flows from operations to make our payments under our operating leases, all
of which provide for periodic increases in rent. If we are not able to make the required payments under
the leases, the lenders or owners of the relevant stores, distribution centers or administrative offices may,
among other things, repossess those assets, which could adversely affect our ability to conduct our
operations. In addition, our failure to make payments under our operating leases could trigger defaults
under other leases or under agreements governing our indebtedness, which could cause the
counterparties under those agreements to accelerate the obligations due thereunder.
      Further, we generally cannot cancel our leases, so if we decide to close or relocate a location, we
may nonetheless be committed to perform our obligations under the applicable lease, including paying
the base rent for the remaining lease term. In addition, as our leases expire, we may fail to negotiate
renewals, either on commercially acceptable terms or any terms at all, which could materially adversely
affect our business, results of operations, cash flows or financial condition.

Claims under our insurance plans may differ from our estimates, which could materially impact
our results of operations.
       We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance plans to provide for potential liabilities,
including for workers’ compensation, general liability (including, in connection with legal proceedings
described under “—Legal proceedings could materially impact our business, financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows” below), property insurance, director and officers’ liability insurance,
automobile liability insurance, environmental liability insurance, and team member health-care benefits.
Liabilities associated with the risks that are retained by us are estimated, in part, by considering historical
claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors and other actuarial assumptions. Our results
could be materially impacted by claims and other expenses related to such plans if future occurrences
and claims differ from these assumptions and historical trends.

We may be unable to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt service obligations, which
could adversely impact our business.
      As of January 1, 2023, we had outstanding indebtedness of $250.0 million under our credit
agreement (referred to as the “Credit Agreement”). We may incur additional indebtedness in the future,
including borrowings under our Credit Agreement. Our indebtedness, any additional indebtedness we


                                                      26
may incur, or any hedging arrangements related to such indebtedness could require us to divert funds
identified for other purposes for debt service and impair our liquidity position. If we cannot generate
sufficient cash flow from operations to service our debt, we may need to refinance our debt, dispose of
assets or issue equity to obtain necessary funds. We do not know whether we will be able to take any of
such actions on a timely basis, on terms satisfactory to us or at all.

Covenants in our Credit Agreement restrict our operational flexibility.
      Our Credit Agreement contains usual and customary restrictive covenants relating to our
management and the operation of our business, including incurring additional indebtedness; making
certain investments; merging, dissolving, liquidating, consolidating, or disposing of all or substantially all
of our assets; paying dividends, making distributions, or redeeming capital stock; entering into
transactions with our affiliates; and granting liens on our assets.
      Our Credit Agreement also requires us to maintain a specified total net leverage ratio and minimum
interest coverage ratio at the end of any fiscal quarter at any time the facility is drawn. Our ability to meet
these ratios, if applicable, could be affected by events beyond our control. Failure to comply with any of
the covenants under our Credit Agreement could result in a default under the facility, which could cause
our lenders to accelerate the timing of payments and exercise their lien on substantially all of our assets,
which would have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition.
                         Financial Reporting, Legal and Other Regulatory Risks

Legal proceedings could materially impact our business, financial condition, results of operations
and cash flows.
        Our operations, which are characterized by a high volume of customer traffic and data collection
and by transactions involving a wide variety of product selections, carry a higher exposure to consumer
litigation risk when compared to the operations of companies operating in some other industries.
Consequently, we may be a party to individual personal injury, product liability, intellectual property, data
security and privacy, accessibility and other legal actions in the ordinary course of our business, including
litigation arising from the COVID-19 pandemic, food-related illness or product labeling. In addition, our
team members may, from time to time, bring lawsuits against us regarding injury, hostile work
environment, discrimination, wage and hour disputes, sexual harassment, or other employment issues. In
recent years, there has been an increase in the number of discrimination and harassment claims across
the United States generally. Additionally, we could be exposed to industry-wide or class-action claims
arising from products we carry or industry-specific business or employment practices. The outcome of
litigation, particularly class action lawsuits, is difficult to assess or quantify. Plaintiffs in these types of
lawsuits may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts, and the magnitude of the potential
loss relating to such lawsuits may remain unknown for substantial periods of time. While we maintain
insurance, insurance coverage may not be adequate, and the cost to defend against future litigation may
be significant. There may also be adverse publicity associated with litigation that may decrease consumer
confidence in or perceptions of our business and impact our ability to hire and retain team members,
regardless of whether the allegations are valid or whether we are ultimately found liable. As a result,
litigation may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows.

We, as well as our vendors, are subject to numerous laws and regulations and our compliance
with these laws and regulations may increase our costs, limit or eliminate our ability to sell certain
products, raise regulatory enforcement risks, or otherwise adversely affect our business,
reputation, results of operations, cash flows and financial condition.
       Enforcement. Both FDA and USDA have broad authority to enforce their applicable provisions
relating to the safety, labeling, manufacturing, distribution and promotion of foods, cosmetics,
homeopathic and CBD products, and dietary supplements, including powers to issue a public warning
letter to a company, publicize information about adulterated or misbranded products, institute an
administrative detention of products, request or order a recall of food from the market, impose import
restrictions and request the Department of Justice to initiate a seizure action, an injunction action or a
criminal prosecution.
     Dietary Supplement, CBD and Homeopathic Product Risks. Our sales of dietary supplements are
regulated by FDA. However, other public and private actors are increasingly targeting dietary supplement



                                                      27
retailers and manufacturers for selling products that fail to adhere to requirements under FDCA, as
amended by DSHEA. While the FDCA provides FDA with the authority to remove products from the
market that are adulterated or misbranded, state actors, and the Plaintiffs’ Bar have been targeting
retailers and manufacturers of dietary supplements for failing to adhere to current good manufacturing
practices and for false or misleading product statements. As a retailer of certain topical or ingestible CBD
products, the FDA also has the authority to remove from the market any CBD product if it is adulterated,
its labeling is false or misleading, it is otherwise misbranded, or if it violates any other FDCA or FDA
requirement or regulation. This enforcement authority extends to states that have legalized and regulated
the distribution of CBD products. States in which we operate have also imposed restrictions or permitting
requirements for the sale of various CBD products. The FDCA also provides FDA with the authority to
remove homeopathic products from the market that are adulterated or misbranded or contain improper or
excessive amounts of active ingredients. Further marketing homeopathic and CBD products with
misbranding, misleading claims or quality issues have also been targets for litigation.
      Advertising and Product Claims Risks. In connection with the marketing and advertisement of
products we sell, we could be the target of claims relating to false or deceptive advertising, including
under the oversight of the FTC and pursuant to the consumer protection statutes of some states.
Furthermore, in recent years, the FDA has been aggressive in enforcing its regulations with respect to
nutrient content claims (e.g., “low fat,” “good source of,” “calorie free,” etc.), unauthorized “health claims”
(claims that characterize the relationship between a food or food ingredient and a disease or health
condition), and other claims that impermissibly suggest therapeutic benefits for certain foods or food
components. These events could interrupt the marketing and sales of products in our stores, including our
private label products, severely damage our brand reputation and public image, increase the cost of
products in our stores, result in product recalls or costly litigation, and impede our ability to deliver
merchandise in sufficient quantities or quality to our stores, which could result in a material adverse effect
on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
       Our reputation could also suffer from real or perceived issues involving the labeling or marketing of
products we sell as “natural.” Although the FDA and the USDA have each issued statements regarding
the appropriate use of the word “natural,” there is no single, U.S. government-regulated definition of the
term “natural” for use in the food industry. The resulting uncertainty has led to consumer confusion,
distrust and legal challenges. Plaintiffs have commenced legal actions against a number of food
companies and retailers that market “natural” or similarly labeled products, asserting false, misleading
and deceptive advertising and labeling claims, including claims related to genetically modified ingredients.
Should we become subject to similar claims, consumers may avoid purchasing products from us or seek
alternatives, even if the basis for the claim is unfounded. Adverse publicity about these matters may
discourage consumers from buying our products. The cost of defending against any such claims could be
significant. Any loss of confidence on the part of consumers in the truthfulness of our labeling or
ingredient claims would be difficult and costly to overcome and may significantly reduce our brand value.
Any of these events could adversely affect our reputation and brand and decrease our sales, which would
have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.
      Organic and GMO Claims. We are also subject to the USDA’s Organic Rule, which facilitates
interstate commerce and the marketing of organically produced food, and provides assurance to our
customers that such products meet consistent, uniform standards. Compliance with the USDA’s Organic
Rule also places a significant burden on some of our suppliers, which may cause a disruption in some of
our product offerings. Additionally, the USDA has promulgated regulations that require disclosure of
whether food offered for sale contains bioengineered (GMO) ingredients. Implementation began in
January 2022.
     FSMA Implementation Costs. FSMA directed an historic shift at FDA from the agency reacting to
and solving problems in the food supply chain to preventing contamination of food before it occurs. FSMA
accomplished this goal by overhauling FDA’s current food safety program to require all actors in the food
supply chain to expand their safety programs and record keeping processes. FSMA’s continued
implementation, such as the rule on Additional Traceability Records for Certain Foods established in its
Section 204(d) and finalized November 15, 2022, and FDA’s own development in understanding effective
ways to enforce FSMA provisions could delay the supply of certain products, result in certain products
being unavailable to us for sale, see an increase in price of certain products, and/or increase the
expenditure of company resources to ensure compliance (e.g., technology, consultants, employees, etc.).


                                                      28
      Ecommerce Platform and Third-Party Risks. Our online order ecommerce platform is subject to the
same laws and regulations as our retail operations. Product statements made on our website must be in
accordance with labeling requirements. As is common in our industry, we rely on our suppliers and
contract manufacturers to ensure that the products they manufacture and sell to us comply with all
applicable regulatory and legal requirements. In general, we seek representations and warranties,
indemnification and/or insurance from our suppliers and contract manufacturers. However, even with
adequate insurance and indemnification, any claims of non-compliance could significantly damage our
reputation and consumer confidence in products we sell. In addition, the failure of such products to
comply with applicable regulatory and legislative requirements could prevent us from marketing the
products or require us to recall or remove such products from our stores. In order to comply with
applicable statutes and regulations, our suppliers and contract manufacturers have from time to time
reformulated, eliminated or relabeled certain of their products and we have revised certain provisions of
our sales and marketing program.

We are also subject to laws and regulations more generally applicable to retailers. Compliance
with or changes to such laws and regulations may increase our costs, limit or eliminate our ability
to sell certain products or otherwise adversely affect our business, reputation, results of
operations, financial condition or cash flows.
       We are subject to laws and regulations more generally applicable to retailers, including those
related to labor and employment, taxation, zoning and land use, environmental protection, workplace
safety, public health, community right-to-know, data privacy, hazardous waste disposal, consumer
protection and alcoholic beverage sales. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, we are subject to additional
governmental regulations and health guidelines, as well as other voluntary safety protocols. Our stores
are subject to unscheduled inspections on a regular basis, which, if violations are found, could result in
the assessment of fines, suspension of one or more needed licenses and, in the case of repeated
“critical” violations, closure of the store until a re-inspection demonstrates that we have remediated the
problem. Further, our new store openings could be delayed or prevented, or our existing stores could be
impacted by difficulties or failures in our ability to obtain or maintain required permits, approvals or
licenses. In addition, we are subject to environmental laws pursuant to which we could be held
responsible for all of the costs or liabilities relating to any contamination at our or our predecessors’ past
or present facilities and at third-party waste disposal sites, regardless of our knowledge of, or
responsibility for, such contamination, and such costs may exceed our environmental liability insurance
coverage.
      As is common in our industry, we rely on our suppliers and contract manufacturers to ensure that
the products they manufacture and sell to us comply with all applicable regulatory and legislative
requirements. In general, we seek representations and warranties, indemnification and/or insurance from
our suppliers and contract manufacturers. However, even with adequate insurance and indemnification,
any claims of non-compliance could significantly damage our reputation and consumer confidence in our
products. In order to comply with applicable statutes and regulations, our suppliers and contract
manufacturers have from time to time reformulated, eliminated or relabeled certain of their products and
we have revised certain provisions of our sales and marketing program.
      We cannot predict the nature of future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, or determine
what effect either additional government regulations or executive or administrative orders, when and if
promulgated, or disparate federal, state and local regulatory schemes would have on our business in the
future. They could, however, increase our costs; result in our unintended misinterpretation or
noncompliance; expose us to litigation, enforcement actions and fines; require the reformulation of certain
products or alternative sourcing from domestic suppliers or otherwise to meet new standards, regulations
or trade restrictions; require the recall or discontinuance of certain products not able to be reformulated or
alternatively sourced in compliance with new regulations or restrictions; impose additional recordkeeping;
expand documentation of the properties of certain products; necessitate expanded or different labeling
and/or scientific substantiation; or require us to discontinue certain operations. Any or all of such
requirements could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of
operations and cash flows.

We may be unable to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, which could harm our
business.




                                                      29
      We rely on a combination of trademark, trade secret, copyright and domain name law and internal
procedures and nondisclosure agreements to protect our intellectual property. In particular, we believe
our trademarks, including SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET® and SPROUTS®, and our domain names,
including sprouts.com, are valuable assets. However, there can be no assurance that our intellectual
property rights will be sufficient to distinguish our products and services from those of our competitors and
to provide us with a competitive advantage. From time to time, third parties may use names and logos
similar to ours, may apply to register trademarks or domain names similar to ours, and may infringe or
otherwise violate our intellectual property rights. There can be no assurance that our intellectual property
rights can be successfully asserted against such third parties or will not be invalidated, circumvented or
challenged. Asserting or defending our intellectual property rights could be time consuming and costly
and could distract management’s attention and resources. If we are unable to prevent our competitors
from using names, logos and domain names similar to ours, consumer confusion could result, the
perception of our brand and products could be negatively affected, and our sales and profitability could
suffer as a result. We also license the SPROUTS FARMERS MARKETS trademark to a third party for use
in operating two grocery stores. If the licensee fails to maintain the quality of the goods and services used
in connection with this trademark, our rights to, and the value of, this and similar trademarks could
potentially be harmed. Negative publicity relating to the licensee could also be incorrectly associated with
us, which could harm the business. Failure to protect our proprietary information could also have a
material adverse effect on our business.
       We may also be subject to claims that our intellectual property, activities or the products we sell
infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of others. Any such claims can
be time consuming and costly to defend and may distract management’s attention and resources, even if
the claims are without merit. Such claims may also require us to enter into costly settlement or license
agreements (which could, for example, prevent us from using our trademarks in certain geographies or in
connection with certain products and services), pay costly damage awards, and face a temporary or
permanent injunction prohibiting us from marketing or providing the affected products and services, any of
which could have a material adverse effect on our business.

Changes in accounting standards may materially impact reporting of our financial condition and
results of operations.
       Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and related accounting
pronouncements, implementation guidelines, and interpretations for many aspects of our business, such
as accounting for leases, inventories, goodwill and intangible assets, store closures, insurance, income
taxes, share-based compensation and accounting for mergers and acquisitions and other special items,
are complex and involve subjective judgments. Changes in these rules or their interpretation may
necessitate changes to our financial statement presentation and significantly change or add significant
volatility to our reported earnings without a comparable underlying change in cash flow from operations.
As a result, changes in accounting standards may materially impact our reported financial condition and
results of operations.

If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, we may
fail to prevent or detect material misstatements in our financial statements, in which case
investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the
market price of our common stock may decline.
      As a public company, we are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting. If we are
unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, if we identify any material
weaknesses therein, if we are unsuccessful in our efforts to remediate any such material weakness, if our
management is unable to report that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our
independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of
our internal control over financial reporting, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and
completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock could be negatively
affected. In addition, we could become subject to investigations by the NASDAQ Stock Market, the SEC,
or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources.




                                                     30
If our goodwill or other intangible assets become impaired, we may be required to record a
significant charge to earnings.
      We have a significant amount of goodwill and other intangible assets. As of January 1, 2023, we
had goodwill and intangible assets of approximately $368.9 million and $185.0 million, respectively, which
represented approximately 12% and 6% of our total assets as of such date, respectively. Goodwill is
reviewed for impairment on an annual basis in the fourth fiscal quarter or whenever events occur or
circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of our reporting unit below its
carrying amount. Fair value is determined based on the discounted cash flows and the market value of
our single reporting unit. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, an immediate
charge to earnings would be recorded for the amount by which the reporting unit's carrying amount
exceeds its fair value, not to exceed the carrying amount of the goodwill, which would adversely affect our
operating results.

Our nutrition-oriented educational activities may be impacted by government regulation or our
inability to secure adequate liability insurance.
      We provide nutrition-oriented information to our customers, and these activities may be subject to
state and federal regulation and oversight by professional organizations. In the past, the FDA has
expressed concerns regarding summarized health and nutrition-related information that it (i) does not, in
the FDA’s view, accurately present such information, (ii) diverts a consumer’s attention and focus from
FDA-required nutrition labeling and information or (iii) impermissibly promotes drug-type disease-related
benefits. If our team members or third parties we engage to provide this information do not act in
accordance with regulatory requirements, we may become subject to penalties or litigation that could
have a material adverse effect on our business.

Our business and reputation may be adversely impacted by evolving environmental, social and
governance matters.
       Increasingly, investors, customers, government agencies, non-governmental organizations, team
members, communities and other stakeholders are focusing on environmental, social and governance
(ESG) matters and related disclosures. Many of these stakeholders evaluate and measure the
performance of companies based on a variety of ESG metrics. As a fresh, natural and organic specialty
retailer, we believe that many stakeholders hold us to higher standards with respect to ESG matters. As a
result, we disclose certain ESG-related metrics, initiatives and goals in our SEC filings and other public
disclosures. Execution against these ESG initiatives may be costly, and we may be unable to achieve our
goals due to factors outside of our control. If our ESG-related reporting is incomplete or inaccurate or fails
to comply with regulatory requirements, or if we fail to achieve significant progress with respect to our
ESG goals on a timely basis, or at all, our business, financial performance, growth and reputation with our
investors, customers and other stakeholders could be adversely affected.
                                     Common Stock Ownership Risks
Our stock price may be volatile, and you may not be able to resell your shares at or above the
price you paid for them or at all.
       There is no guarantee that our common stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at
which our stockholders have purchased their shares. The trading price of our common stock may be
volatile and subject to wide price fluctuations in response to various factors, many of which are beyond
our control. Furthermore, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that
have affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These
fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those
companies. These and other factors may cause the market price and demand for our common stock to
fluctuate substantially, which may limit or prevent investors from readily selling their shares of common
stock and may otherwise negatively affect the price or liquidity of our common stock. In addition, in the
past, when the market price of a stock has been volatile, holders of that stock have sometimes instituted
securities class action litigation against the company that issued the stock. If any of our stockholders were
to bring a lawsuit against us, we could incur substantial costs defending the lawsuit or paying for
settlements or damages. Such a lawsuit could also divert the time and attention of our management.




                                                      31
Anti-takeover provisions could impair a takeover attempt and adversely affect existing
stockholders.
      Certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and applicable provisions of
Delaware law may have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying, or preventing an acquisition of our
company, even when this would be in the best interest of our stockholders. These include, without
limitation, the following provisions:
     •     a classified board of directors (referred to as the “Board”) whose members serve staggered
           three-year terms;
     •     “blank check” preferred stock, which could be issued by the board without stockholder
           approval and may contain voting, liquidation, dividend, and other rights superior to our
           common stock;
     •     inability of our stockholders to call special meetings of stockholders, which may delay the
           ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or the ability of holders
           controlling a majority of our capital stock to take action, including the removal of directors; and
     •     required advance notice of stockholder proposals for business to be conducted at meetings of
           our stockholders and for nominations of candidates for election to the board.
       Any provision of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws or Delaware law that has the effect of
delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a
premium for their shares of our common stock, and could also affect the price that some investors are
willing to pay for our common stock.

If securities or industry analysts cease publishing research or reports about us, our business, or
our market, or if they adversely change their recommendations regarding our stock, our stock
price and trading volume could decline.
       The trading market for our common stock is influenced by the research and reports that industry or
securities analysts may publish about us, our business, our market or our competitors. If we do not
maintain adequate research coverage, or if any of the analysts who may cover us downgrade our stock or
publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business or provide relatively more favorable
recommendations about our competitors, our stock price could decline. If any analyst who may cover us
were to cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in
the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline.

Since we do not expect to pay any cash dividends in the near future, investors may be forced to
sell their stock in order to obtain a return on their investment.
     Although we regularly evaluate our capital structure and opportunities to create value for our
investors, we do not anticipate declaring or paying in the near future any cash dividends on our capital
stock. Instead, we plan to retain any earnings to finance our operations and growth plans. In addition, our
Credit Agreement contains covenants that we must satisfy in order to pay cash dividends. Accordingly,
investors must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as
the only way to realize any return on their investment. As a result, investors seeking cash dividends
should not purchase our common stock.

Our business could be impacted as a result of actions by activist stockholders or others.
       We may be subject, from time to time, to legal and business challenges in the operation of our
company due to actions instituted by activist shareholders or others. Responding to such actions, which
may include private engagement, publicity campaigns, proxy contests, efforts to force transactions not
supported by our board, and litigation, could be costly and time-consuming, may not align with our
strategic plan and could divert the time and attention of our board and management from our business.
Perceived uncertainties as to our future direction as a result of stockholder activism may lead to the
perception of a change in the direction of the business or other instability and may affect our stock price,
relationships with vendors, customers, prospective and current team members and others.


                                                     32
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments
    None.




                                     33
Item 2. Properties
      We seek to select sites for our store locations in markets with growth potential where our target
customers and supply chain capabilities intersect. As of January 1, 2023, we had 386 stores located in 23
states, as shown in the chart below:

State                                  Number of Stores      State                                Number of Stores
Alabama                                                3     New Jersey                                         1
Arizona                                               44     New Mexico                                         9
California                                           130     North Carolina                                     5
Colorado                                              32     Oklahoma                                          11
Delaware                                               1     Pennsylvania                                       2
Florida                                               35     South Carolina                                     1
Georgia                                               18     Tennessee                                          6
Kansas                                                 4     Texas                                             51
Louisiana                                              1     Utah                                               5
Maryland                                               5     Virginia                                           1
Missouri                                               3     Washington                                         4
Nevada                                                14

        In fiscal 2022, we opened 16 new stores. In fiscal 2021, we opened 12 new stores.

      We lease all of our stores from unaffiliated third parties. A typical store lease is for an initial 10 to 15
year term with three or four renewal options of five years each. We expect that we will be able to
renegotiate these leases or relocate these stores as necessary. In addition to new store openings, we
remodel or relocate stores periodically in order to improve performance. See “Business – New Store
Development” for additional information with respect to our store site selection process.

      As of January 1, 2023, we utilized seven distribution centers. Information about such facilities, as
well as our current corporate office in Phoenix, Arizona, is set forth in the table below:


Facility                                                                             State        Square Footage*
Corporate Office                                                                      Arizona             96,000
Distribution Center                                                                   Arizona            129,000
Distribution Center                                                                  California          123,000
Distribution Center                                                                  California          110,000
Distribution Center                                                                  Colorado            134,000
Distribution Center                                                                    Florida           134,000
Distribution Center                                                                   Georgia            100,000
Distribution Center                                                                     Texas            117,000


* Rounded to the nearest 1,000 square feet

      We lease our corporate office and our distribution centers in Arizona, Colorado, Florida and Texas
from unaffiliated third parties; our remaining three distribution centers are leased or owned by our third-
party logistics providers. We expect to expand our distribution center network to support our growth. See
“Business – Sourcing and Distribution” for additional information with respect to our distribution centers.

     We believe our portfolio of long-term leases is a valuable asset supporting our retail operations, but
we do not believe that any individual store property or distribution center lease is material to our financial
condition or results of operations.




                                                        34
      In February 2023 as part of our real estate portfolio review, we determined to close 11 stores during
2023. These stores, on average, are approximately 30% larger than our current prototype format and are
underperforming financially. See Note 28, “Subsequent Events” to our Consolidated Financial Statements
for additional information regarding these store closures.

Item 3. Legal Proceedings
      From time to time we are a party to legal proceedings, including matters involving personnel and
employment issues, product liability, personal injury, intellectual property and other proceedings arising in
the ordinary course of business, which have not resulted in any material losses to date. Although our
management does not expect that the outcome in these proceedings will have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition or results of operations, litigation is inherently unpredictable. Therefore, we
could incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims that could materially impact our results.

      See Note 19, “Commitments and Contingencies” to our Consolidated Financial Statements for
information regarding certain legal proceedings in which we are involved.

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures
     Not applicable.




                                                     35
                                                  PART II

Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer
Purchases of Equity Securities
Market Information
     Our common stock began trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “SFM” on
August 1, 2013. The number of stockholders of record of our common stock as of February 28, 2023 was
26. This number excludes stockholders whose stock is held in nominee or street name by brokers.

Dividend Policy
      Although we regularly evaluate our capital structure and opportunities to create value for our
stockholders, since we became a publicly traded company on August 1, 2013, we have not declared or
paid, and do not anticipate declaring or paying in the near future, any cash dividends on our capital stock.
Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of
our board of directors and will depend on then existing conditions, including our operating results,
financial condition, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects, and other factors
our board of directors may deem relevant. Our Credit Agreement contains covenants that we must satisfy
in order to pay cash dividends.

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    The following table provides information about our share repurchase activity during the thirteen
weeks ended January 1, 2023.

                                                                                               Approximate
                                                                           Total number        dollar value
                                                                            of shares         of shares that
                                                                           purchased as         may yet be
                                           Total number      Average      part of publicly   purchased under
                                             of shares      price paid   announced plans       the plans or
                 Period (1)                 purchased       per share      or programs         programs (2)
October 3, 2022 - October 30, 2022             516,534 $         27.61           516,534 $ 442,504,000
October 31, 2022 - November 27, 2022           436,669 $         31.01           436,669 $ 428,964,000
November 28, 2022 - January 1, 2023            506,825 $         33.71           506,825 $ 411,877,000
Total                                        1,460,028                         1,460,028
    (1)     Periodic information is presented by reference to our fiscal periods during the fourth quarter
            of fiscal year 2022.
    (2)     On March 2, 2022, our board of directors authorized a $600 million share repurchase
            program of our common stock. The shares may be purchased on a discretionary basis from
            time to time through December 31, 2023, subject to general business and market conditions
            and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases, privately negotiated
            transactions, or other means, including through Rule 10b5-1 trading plans.




                                                     36
Performance Graph
     The graph set forth below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock
between December 31, 2017 and January 1, 2023, with the cumulative total return of (i) the NASDAQ
Composite Index and (ii) the S&P Food Retail Index, over the same period.

      The comparison assumes that $100.00 was invested in our common stock, the NASDAQ
Composite Index and the S&P Food Retail Index, and assumes reinvestment of dividends, if any. The
graph assumes the initial value of our common stock on December 29, 2017 (the last trading day prior to
the beginning of fiscal 2018) was the closing sale price on that day of $24.35 per share. The performance
shown on the graph below is based on historical results and is not intended to suggest future
performance.




      This performance graph shall not be deemed “soliciting material” or to be “filed” with the SEC for
purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that section, and
shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. under
the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.




                                                    37
Item 6. [Reserved]




                     38
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
      You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of
operations together with the consolidated financial statements and related notes that are included
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K as well as "Part II—Item 7. Management's Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K
for the fiscal year ended January 2, 2022 filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022, which provides
comparisons of fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2020, and which is incorporated by reference herein. This
discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and
uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under “Risk Factors” or in other parts of
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Please also see the section entitled “Special Note Regarding Forward-
Looking Statements.”


                                            Business Overview

      Sprouts Farmers Market offers a unique grocery experience featuring an open layout with fresh
produce at the heart of the store. Sprouts inspires wellness naturally with a carefully curated assortment
of better-for-you products paired with purpose-driven people. We continue to bring the latest in
wholesome, innovative products made with lifestyle-friendly ingredients such as organic, plant-based and
gluten-free. Headquartered in Phoenix with 386 stores in 23 states as of January 1, 2023, we are one of
the largest and fastest growing specialty retailers of fresh, natural and organic food in the United States.


                                                Our Heritage

      In 2002, we opened the first Sprouts Farmers Market store in Chandler, Arizona. From our founding
in 2002 through January 1, 2023, we have grown rapidly, significantly increasing our sales, store count
and profitability, including successfully rebranding 43 Henry’s Farmers Market and 39 Sunflower Farmers
Market stores added in 2011 and 2012, respectively, to the Sprouts banner through acquisitions. These
three businesses all trace their lineage back to Henry’s Farmers Market and were built with similar store
formats and operations including a strong emphasis on value, produce and service in smaller, convenient
locations.




                                                      39
                                                 Outlook

     Since 2020, we have focused on our long-term growth strategy that we believe is transforming our
company and driving profitable growth. We continue to execute on this strategy, focusing on the following
areas:
     •     Win with Target Customers. We are focusing attention on our target customers, identified
           through research as ‘health enthusiasts’ and ‘selective shoppers’, where there is ample
           opportunity to gain share within these customer segments. We believe our business can
           continue to grow by leveraging existing strengths in a unique assortment of better-for-you,
           quality products and by providing a full omnichannel offering through delivery or pickup via our
           website or the Sprouts app.
     •     Update Format and Expand in Select Markets. We are delivering unique smaller stores with
           expectations of stronger returns, while maintaining the approachable, fresh-focused farmer’s
           market heritage Sprouts is known for. In 2021, we opened three stores and remodeled one
           store featuring our new format, and in 2022, we opened nine new format stores. Our
           geographic store expansion and new store placement will intersect where our target
           customers live, in markets with growth potential and supply chain support, which we believe
           will provide a long runway of at least 10% annual unit growth beginning in 2024.
     •     Create an Advantaged Fresh Supply Chain. We believe our network of fresh distribution
           centers can drive efficiencies across the chain and support growth plans. To further deliver on
           our fresh commitment and reputation, as well as to increase our local offerings and improve
           financial results, we aspire to ultimately position fresh distribution centers within a 250-mile
           radius of stores. With the opening of two fresh distribution centers in 2021, we now have more
           than 85% of our stores within 250 miles of a distribution center.
     •     Refine Brand and Marketing Approach. We believe we are elevating our national brand
           recognition and positioning by telling our unique brand story rooted in product innovation and
           differentiation. We are investing savings from largely removing our weekly promotional print ad
           into increasing engagement and personalization with our target customers through digital and
           social connections, driving additional sales growth and loyalty.
     •     Inspire and Engage Our Talent to Create a Best Place to Work. Subsequent to the initial
           launch of our long-term growth strategy, we have added the focus area of inspiring and
           engaging our talent through our culture, acquisition and development and total rewards
           program to attract and retain the talent we believe we need to execute on our strategic goals
           and transform our company into a premier place to work.
     •     Deliver on Financial Targets and Box Economics. We are measuring and reporting on the
           success of this strategy against a number of long-term financial and operational targets. With
           the implementation of our strategy beginning in 2020, we have significantly improved our
           margin structure above our 2019 baseline.


                                   Components of Operating Results

     We report our results of operations on a 52- or 53-week fiscal year ending on the Sunday closest to
December 31, with each fiscal quarter generally divided into three periods consisting of two four-week
periods and one five-week period. Fiscal 2022 and fiscal 2021 were 52-week years ending on January 1,
2023 and January 2, 2022, respectively. Fiscal 2020 was a 53-week year ending on January 3, 2021.




                                                    40
Net Sales
      We recognize sales revenue at the point of sale, with discounts provided to customers reflected as a
reduction in sales revenue. Proceeds from sales of gift cards are recorded as a liability at the time of sale
and recognized as sales when they are redeemed by the customer. See Note 3, “Significant Accounting
Policies” for additional information on revenue recognition related to gift cards. We do not include sales
taxes in net sales.

       We monitor our comparable store sales growth to evaluate and identify trends in our sales
performance. Our practice is to include sales from a store in comparable store sales beginning on the first
day of the 61st week following the store’s opening and to exclude sales from a closed store from
comparable store sales on the day of closure. This practice may differ from the methods that other
retailers use to calculate similar measures.

      Historically, our net sales have increased as a result of new store openings and comparable store
sales growth. Additional factors that influence comparable store sales growth and other sales trends
include:
     •      general economic conditions and trends, including levels of disposable income and consumer
            confidence;
     •      our competition, including competitive store openings in the vicinity of our stores and
            competitor pricing and merchandising strategies;
     •      consumer preferences and buying trends;
     •      our ability to identify market trends, and to source and provide product offerings that promote
            customer traffic and growth in average ticket;
     •      the number of customer transactions and average ticket;
     •      the prices of our products, including the effects of factors beyond our control, such as inflation,
            deflation and tariffs;
     •      opening new stores in the vicinity of our existing stores; and
     •      advertising, in-store merchandising and other marketing activities.

Cost of sales and gross profit
       Cost of sales includes the cost of inventory sold during the period, including direct costs of
purchased merchandise (net of discounts and allowances), distribution and supply chain costs, and
depreciation and amortization expense for distribution centers and supply chain-related assets.
Merchandise incentives received from vendors, which are reflected in the carrying value of inventory
when earned or as progress is made toward earning the rebate or allowance, and are reflected as a
component of cost of sales as the inventory is sold. Inflation and deflation in the prices of food and other
products we sell may periodically affect our gross profit and gross margin. The short-term impact of
inflation and deflation is largely dependent on whether or not we pass the effects through to our
customers, which will largely depend upon competitive market conditions.

       Our cost of sales and gross profit are correlated to sales volumes. As sales increase, gross margin
is affected by the relative mix of products sold, pricing and promotional strategies, inventory shrinkage
and leverage of fixed costs of sales.

Selling, general and administrative expenses
     Selling, general and administrative expenses primarily consist of salaries, wages and benefits costs,
share-based compensation, store occupancy costs (including rent, property taxes, utilities, common area
maintenance and insurance), advertising costs, buying costs, pre-opening and other administrative costs.




                                                      41
Depreciation and Amortization
     Depreciation and amortization (exclusive of depreciation included in cost of sales) primarily consists
of depreciation and amortization for buildings, store leasehold improvements, and equipment.

Store closure and other costs, net
      Store closure and other costs, net primarily reflects impairment charges of long-lived assets and
costs incurred related to store closures, including severance and any exit costs associated with closing a
store, in addition to occupancy costs associated with closed store locations. One-time disaster recovery
and executive severance costs are also included here.


                         Results of Operations for Fiscal 2022, 2021 and 2020

      The following tables set forth our results of operations and other operating data for the periods
presented. The period-to-period comparison of financial results is not necessarily indicative of financial
results to be achieved in future periods. Fiscal 2022 and 2021 consisted of 52 weeks, while Fiscal 2020
consisted of 53 weeks.

                                                                    Fiscal 2022     Fiscal 2021       Fiscal 2020
                                                                        (in thousands, except per share data)
Consolidated Statement of Income Data:
Net sales                                                       $ 6,404,223        $ 6,099,869      $ 6,468,759
Cost of sales                                                     4,055,659          3,890,657        4,089,470
    Gross profit                                                  2,348,564          2,209,212        2,379,289
Selling, general and administrative
  expenses                                                           1,855,649         1,748,205        1,863,869
Depreciation and amortization (exclusive
  of depreciation included in cost of sales)                           123,530          122,258          124,124
Store closure and other costs, net                                      11,025            4,673             (369)
    Income from operations                                             358,360          334,076          391,665
Interest expense, net                                                    9,047           11,684           14,787
    Income before income taxes                                         349,313          322,392          376,878
Income tax provision                                                    88,149           78,235           89,428
    Net income                                                  $      261,164     $    244,157     $    287,450

   Weighted average shares outstanding - basic                         108,232          115,377          117,821
   Dilutive effect of equity-based awards                                  907              700              403
      Weighted average shares and equivalent shares
      outstanding - diluted                                            109,139          116,077          118,224
      Diluted net income per share                              $         2.39     $       2.10     $       2.43


                                                             Fiscal 2022         Fiscal 2021        Fiscal 2020
Other Operating Data:
Comparable store sales growth                                        2.2%                (6.7)%         6.9%
Stores at beginning of period                                       374                  362           340
   Opened (1)                                                        16                   12            22
   Closed                                                             (4)                  —             —
Stores at end of period                                             386                  374           362
Selling square feet at the end of the period                 10,894,396           10,625,686    10,344,669
Average store size at the end of the period (selling
square feet)                                                        28,224              28,411           28,576
    (1)     Stores opened is exclusive of one store relocation during fiscal 2021.



                                                       42
                                   Comparison of Fiscal 2022 to 2021

Net sales

                                         Fiscal 2022        Fiscal 2021               Change        % Change
                                                               (dollars in thousands)
Net sales                            $     6,404,223 $         6,099,869    $            304,354           5%
Comparable store sales growth                     2.2%               (6.7)%

      Net sales during 2022 totaled $6.4 billion, increasing 5%, over the prior fiscal year. The sales
increase was primarily due to a 2.2% increase in comparable store sales as well as sales from new stores
opened since the prior year. The increase in comparable store sales was due in part to an increase in
basket value due to retail price inflation, partially offset by a slight reduction in the number of items per
basket. Comparable store sales contributed approximately 97% of total sales for both 2022 and 2021.

Cost of sales and gross profit

                                         Fiscal 2022        Fiscal 2021               Change        % Change
                                                               (dollars in thousands)
Net sales                           $       6,404,223 $         6,099,869 $             304,354            5%
Cost of sales                               4,055,659           3,890,657               165,002            4%
Gross profit                                2,348,564           2,209,212               139,352            6%
Gross margin                                     36.7%               36.2%                   0.5%

       Gross profit increased during 2022 compared to 2021 by $139.4 million to $2.3 billion driven by
increased sales volume for the reasons discussed above. Gross margin increased by 0.5% to 36.7%
compared to 36.2%. The increase was a result of strategic initiatives to improve shrink, less promotional
activity and better management of prices in line with inflationary product cost increases.

Selling, general and administrative expenses

                                         Fiscal 2022        Fiscal 2021             Change          % Change
                                                               (dollars in thousands)
Selling, general and
administrative expenses             $      1,855,649 $         1,748,205 $             107,444             6%
Percentage of net sales                         29.0%               28.7%                   0.3%

      Selling, general and administrative expenses increased $107.4 million, or 6%, compared to 2021
due to the net increase in new stores opened since the prior year as well as inflationary conditions driving
increases in store costs including wages, utilities and supplies. In addition, we experienced the effects of
higher credit card fees as more consumers shifted to credit compared to the prior year and higher
ecommerce costs resulting from an increase in ecommerce sales compared to the prior year.




                                                       43
Depreciation and amortization

                                            Fiscal 2022         Fiscal 2021             Change              % Change
                                                                   (dollars in thousands)
Depreciation and amortization       $            123,530 $           122,258 $                  1,272                 1%
Percentage of net sales                               1.9%                2.0%                    (0.1)%

      Depreciation and amortization expense (exclusive of depreciation included in cost of sales) was
$123.5 million in 2022, compared to $122.3 million in 2021. Depreciation and amortization expenses
(exclusive of depreciation included in cost of sales) primarily consists of depreciation and amortization for
buildings, store leasehold improvements, and equipment for new stores as well as remodel initiatives in
older stores.


Store closure and other costs, net

                                            Fiscal 2022         Fiscal 2021            Change              % Change
                                                                   (dollars in thousands)
Store closure and other costs, net $               11,025 $            4,673 $               6,352               136%
Percentage of net sales                                0.2%               0.1%                  0.1%

      Store closure and other costs, net in 2022 of $11.0 million primarily consisted of $8.1 million of
impairment losses related to the write-down of leasehold improvements and right-of-use assets, in
addition to inventory loss and expenses incurred by several of our stores impacted by Hurricane Ian and
costs associated with the closing of four stores. Store closure and other costs, net in 2021 of $4.7 million
primarily included $4.8 million of impairment losses related to the write-down of leasehold improvements
and right-of-use assets.

Interest expense, net

                                             Fiscal 2022        Fiscal 2021            Change          % Change
                                                                   (dollars in thousands)
Long-term debt                          $            7,930 $            4,601 $              3,329               72%
Capital and financing leases                           852                906                  (54)              (6)%
Deferred financing costs                               800                564                  236               42%
Interest rate hedge and other                         (535)             5,613               (6,148)            (110)%
Total interest expense, net             $            9,047 $           11,684 $             (2,637)             (23)%

       The decrease in interest expense, net was primarily due to higher interest income and lower credit
facility fees. See Note 13, “Long-Term Debt and Finance Lease Liabilities” and Note 22, “Derivative
Financial Instruments.”

Income tax provision

                                            Fiscal 2022         Fiscal 2021               Change           % Change
                                                                   (dollars in thousands)
Income tax provision                $              88,149 $            78,235 $                  9,914            13%
Effective income tax rate                            25.2%               24.3%                      0.9%

      Income tax provision increased by $9.9 million to $88.1 million for 2022 from $78.2 million for 2021,
primarily related to an increase in income before income taxes. The effective income tax rate increased to
25.2% in 2022 from 24.3% in 2021 primarily due to decreased charitable contribution deductions in 2022
from the lapsing of benefits initially provided for in the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act
of 2020 (the "CARES Act").



                                                           44
Net income

                                        Fiscal 2022          Fiscal 2021               Change         % Change
                                                                (dollars in thousands)
Net income                          $        261,164 $             244,157 $               17,007                7%
Percentage of net sales                           4.1%                  4.0%                   0.1%

      Net income increased $17.0 million primarily due to increased net sales and favorable margin
impact, partially offset by higher selling, general and administrative expenses and a higher effective tax
rate for the reasons discussed above.

Diluted earnings per share

                                        Fiscal 2022          Fiscal 2021            Change            % Change
                                                                 (shares in thousands)
Diluted earnings per share          $            2.39    $           2.10    $               0.29            14%
Diluted weighted average shares
outstanding                                 109,139              116,077                  (6,938)

      The increase in diluted earnings per share of $0.29 was driven by higher net income, in addition to
fewer diluted shares outstanding compared to the prior year, due to our repurchase of approximately 6.9
million shares for a total cost of $200.0 million under our share repurchase program.




                                                        45
                                             Return on Invested Capital

       In addition to reporting financial results in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
or GAAP, we provide information regarding Return on Invested Capital (“ROIC”) as additional information
about our operating results. ROIC is a non-GAAP financial measure and should not be reviewed in
isolation or considered as a substitute for our financial results as reported in accordance with GAAP.
ROIC is an important measure used by management to evaluate our investment returns on capital and
provides a meaningful measure of the effectiveness of our capital allocation over time.

      We define ROIC as net operating profit after-tax (“NOPAT”), including the effect of operating leases,
divided by average invested capital. Operating lease interest represents the add-back to operating
income driven by the hypothetical interest expense we would incur if the property under our operating
leases were owned or accounted for as a finance lease. The assumed ownership and associated interest
expense are calculated using the discount rate for each lease as recorded as a component of rent
expense within selling, general and administrative expenses. Invested capital reflects a trailing four-
quarter average.

      As numerous methods exist for calculating ROIC, our method may differ from methods used by
other companies to calculate their ROIC. It is important to understand the methods and the differences in
those methods used by other companies to calculate their ROIC before comparing our ROIC to that of
other companies.

      Our calculation of ROIC for the fiscal years indicated was as follows:

                                                                          2022          2021        2020(1)
                                                                              (dollars in thousands)
Net income (2)                                                        $   261,164    $ 244,157 $ 287,450
Special items, net of tax (3), (4)                                             —              —        6,565
Interest expense, net of tax (4)                                            6,764          8,848      11,272
    Net operating profit after-tax (NOPAT)                            $   267,928    $ 253,005 $ 305,287

Total rent expense, net of tax (4)                                        154,626      150,047       146,630
Estimated depreciation on operating leases, net of tax (4)                (87,775)     (88,015)      (80,944)
Estimated interest on operating leases, net of tax (4), (5)                66,851       62,032        65,686
   NOPAT, including effect of operating leases                        $   334,779    $ 315,037     $ 370,973

Average working capital                                                   271,604       193,900       101,622
Average property and equipment                                            704,786       712,496       735,651
Average other assets                                                      568,609       568,744       567,188
Average other liabilities                                                 (96,583)     (101,339)     (100,531)
   Average invested capital                                           $ 1,448,416    $1,373,801    $1,303,930

Average operating leases (6)                                            1,259,362     1,222,513     1,196,822
   Average invested capital, including operating leases               $ 2,707,778    $2,596,314    $2,500,752

   ROIC, including operating leases                                          12.4%         12.1%         14.8%




                                                              46
(1)   Fiscal 2020 includes 53 weeks.
(2)   Net income amounts represent total net income for the past four trailing quarters.
(3)   2020 special items include professional fees related to our strategic initiatives.
(4)   Net of tax amounts are calculated using the normalized effective tax rate for the periods presented.
(5)   2022, 2021 and 2020 estimated interest on operating leases is calculated by multiplying operating
      leases by the 7.1%, 6.7% and 7.2% discount rate, respectively, for each lease recorded as rent
      expense within direct store expense.
(6)   2022, 2021 and 2020 average operating leases represents the average net present value of
      outstanding lease obligations over the trailing four quarters.

                                     Liquidity and Capital Resources

     The following table sets forth the major sources and uses of cash for each of the periods set forth
below, as well as our cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the end of each period (in thousands):

                                                                     Fiscal 2022     Fiscal 2021     Fiscal 2020
Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at
 end of period                                                   $      295,192 $       247,004 $       171,441
Cash from operating activities                                   $      371,329 $       364,799 $       494,035
Cash used in investing activities                                $     (124,010) $     (102,378) $     (121,968)
Cash used in financing activities                                $     (199,131) $     (186,858) $     (287,411)

       We have generally financed our operations principally through cash generated from operations and
borrowings under our credit facilities. Our primary uses of cash are for purchases of inventory, operating
expenses, capital expenditures primarily for opening new stores, remodels and maintenance,
repurchases of our common stock and debt service. Our principal contractual obligations and
commitments consist of obligations under our Credit Agreement, interest on our Credit Agreement,
operating and finance leases, purchase commitments and self-insurance liabilities. We believe that our
existing cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, and cash anticipated to be generated from operations
will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months. Our future capital
requirements will depend on many factors, including new store openings, remodel and maintenance
capital expenditures at existing stores, store initiatives and other corporate capital expenditures and
activities. Our cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash position benefits from the fact that we generally
collect cash from sales to customers the same day or, in the case of credit or debit card transactions,
within days from the related sale.

Operating Activities
      Cash flows from operating activities increased $6.5 million to $371.3 million in 2022 compared to
$364.8 million in 2021. The increase in cash flows from operating activities was primarily a result of higher
net income, partially offset by changes in working capital. The increase in net income was primarily due to
increased net sales and favorable margin impact.

       Cash flows used in operating activities from changes in working capital were $28.6 million in 2022,
compared to $13.2 million in 2021. The increase was primarily driven by higher inventories impacted by
inflationary cost increases on our purchases in the current year and higher prepaid expenses and other
current assets primarily due to the timing of marketing spend, partially offset by the higher payout of
COVID related incentive compensation amounts earned in 2020 and paid in 2021.




                                                      47
Investing Activities
       Cash flows used in investing activities consist primarily of capital expenditures in new stores,
including leasehold improvements and store equipment, capital expenditures to maintain the appearance
of our stores, sales enhancing initiatives and other corporate investments. Cash flows used in investing
activities were $124.0 million and $102.4 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. The increase in cash
flows used in investing activities was primarily due to more stores under construction in 2022 as
compared to 2021.

      We expect capital expenditures to be in the range of $210 - $230 million in 2023, net of estimated
landlord tenant improvement allowances, primarily to fund investments in new stores, remodels,
maintenance capital expenditures and corporate capital expenditures. We expect to fund our capital
expenditures with cash on hand and cash generated from operating activities. We do not have any
material contractual commitments for future capital expenditures as of January 1, 2023.

Financing Activities
      Cash flows used in financing activities were $199.1 million for 2022 compared to $186.9 million for
2021. During 2022, cash flows used in financing activities primarily consisted of approximately $200
million for share repurchases and $3.4 million in debt issuance costs in connection with our Credit
Agreement, partially offset by $5.0 million in proceeds from the exercise of stock options. During 2021,
cash flows used in financing activities primarily consisted of $188.3 million for share repurchases.

Long-term Debt and Credit Facilities
     Long-term debt outstanding was $250.0 million as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022.

     See Note 13, “Long-Term Debt and Finance Lease Liabilities” for a description of our Credit
Agreement and our Former Credit Facility (as defined therein).

Share Repurchase Program

      Our board of directors from time to time authorizes share repurchase programs for our common
stock. The following table outlines the share repurchase programs authorized by our board, and the
related repurchase activity and available authorization as of January 1, 2023.


                                                          Amount              Cost of         Authorization
      Effective date            Expiration date          authorized        repurchases          available
March 3, 2021             March 2, 2022              $       300,000   $        200,200   $              —
March 2, 2022             December 31, 2023          $       600,000   $        188,123   $         411,877




                                                    48
      The shares under our current repurchase program may be purchased on a discretionary basis from
time to time through the applicable expiration date, subject to general business and market conditions
and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions, or
other means, including through Rule 10b5-1 trading plans. Our board’s authorization of the share
repurchase program does not obligate us to acquire any particular amount of common stock, and the
repurchase program may be commenced, suspended, or discontinued at any time.

       Share repurchase activity under our repurchase programs for the periods indicated was as follows
(total cost in thousands):

                                                                                   Year Ended
                                                                    January 1, 2023          January 2, 2022
Number of common shares acquired                                          6,897,082                7,416,357
Average price per common share acquired                         $             28.99      $             25.40
Total cost of common shares acquired                            $           199,980      $           188,343

     Shares purchased under our repurchase programs were subsequently retired and the excess of the
repurchase price over par value was charged to retained earnings.

      On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (“IRA”) was signed into law. Among other
provisions, the IRA includes a 1% excise tax on stock repurchases made after December 31, 2022. The
IRA is not expected to have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements.

      Subsequent to January 1, 2023 and through February 28, 2023, we repurchased an additional 2.0
million shares of common stock for $64.0 million.

Factors Affecting Liquidity
      We can currently borrow under our Credit Agreement, up to an initial aggregate commitment of
$700.0 million, which may be increased from time to time pursuant to an expansion feature set forth in the
Credit Agreement. We have previously utilized borrowings under our Credit Agreement to fund our share
repurchase program as described above. The interest rate we pay on our borrowings increases as our
net leverage ratio increases and may increase or decrease based upon the achievement of certain
diversity and sustainability-linked metric thresholds.

     The Credit Agreement contains financial, affirmative and negative covenants. The negative
covenants include, among other things, limitations on our ability to:
     •     incur additional indebtedness;
     •     grant additional liens;
     •     enter into sale-leaseback transactions;
     •     make loans or investments;
     •     merge, consolidate or enter into acquisitions;
     •     pay dividends or distributions;
     •     enter into transactions with affiliates;
     •     enter into new lines of business;
     •     modify the terms of debt or other material agreements; and
     •     change our fiscal year.

     Each of these covenants is subject to customary and other agreed-upon exceptions.




                                                      49
      In addition, the Credit Agreement requires that we and our subsidiaries maintain a maximum total
net leverage ratio not to exceed 3.75 to 1.00, which ratio may be increased from time to time in
connection with certain permitted acquisitions pursuant to conditions as set forth in the Credit Agreement,
and a minimum interest coverage ratio not to be less than 3.00 to 1.00. Each of these covenants is tested
on the last day of each fiscal quarter, starting with the fiscal quarter ended April 3, 2022.

     We were in compliance with all applicable covenants under the Credit Agreement as of January 1,
2023.

     Our Credit Agreement is defined and more fully described in Note 13, “Long-Term Debt and Finance
Lease Liabilities” of our audited consolidated financial statements contained elsewhere in this Annual
Report on Form 10-K.

Contractual Obligations

       Our principal contractual obligations and commitments consist of obligations under our Credit
Agreement, interest on our Credit Agreement, operating and finance leases, purchase commitments and
self-insurance liabilities. See Note 7, "Leases," Note 13, “Long-Term Debt and Finance Lease Liabilities,”
Note 15, "Self-Insurance Programs" and Note 19, "Commitments and Contingencies" to our consolidated
financial statements located elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information on the
nature and timing of these obligations.

      The future amount and timing of interest payments are expected to vary with the outstanding
amounts and then prevailing contractual interest rates, net of interest rate swaps. Interest payments
through the March 25, 2027 maturity date of our Credit Agreement based on the outstanding amounts as
of January 1, 2023 and interest rates in effect at the time of this filing, are estimated to be approximately
$52.5 million. These payments are estimated to be approximately $15.2 million in 2023 and
approximately $37.3 million thereafter.

     Real estate obligations, consisting of legally binding minimum lease payments for leases executed
but not yet commenced, were $504.5 million as of January 1, 2023, including $7.2 million in 2023 and
$497.3 million thereafter through 2044.

      Our purchase commitments under noncancelable service and supply contracts that are enforceable
and legally binding totaled $19.8 million as of January 1, 2023, including $9.8 million in 2023 and $10.0
million thereafter through 2027. Obligations under contracts that we can cancel without a significant
penalty are not included in purchase commitments.

      We periodically make other commitments and become subject to other contractual obligations that
we believe to be routine in nature and incidental to the operation of the business. Management believes
that such routine commitments and contractual obligations do not have a material impact on our
business, financial condition or results of operations.




                                                     50
                                      Impact of Inflation and Deflation

      Inflation and deflation in the prices of food and other products we sell may periodically affect our
sales, gross profit and gross margin. Food inflation, when combined with reduced consumer spending,
could also reduce sales, gross profit margins and comparable store sales. Inflationary pressures on
compensation, utilities, commodities, equipment and supplies may also impact our profitability. Food
deflation across multiple categories, particularly in produce, could reduce sales growth and earnings if our
competitors react by lowering their retail pricing and expanding their promotional activities, which can lead
to retail deflation higher than cost deflation that could reduce our sales, gross profit margins and
comparable store sales. The short-term impact of inflation and deflation is largely dependent on whether
or not the effects are passed through to our customers, which is subject to competitive market conditions.

       Food inflation and deflation is affected by a variety of factors and our determination of whether to
pass on the effects of inflation or deflation to our customers is made in conjunction with our overall pricing
and marketing strategies, as well as our competitors’ responses. Although we may experience periodic
effects on sales, gross profit, gross margins and cash flows as a result of changing prices, including
pressures we experienced in fiscal 2022 due to product cost inflation which we largely passed along to
retail pricing, we do not expect the effect of inflation or deflation to have a material impact on our ability to
execute our long-term business strategy.




                                                       51
                                     Critical Accounting Estimates

      Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our
financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. These principles require us to
make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, sales and expenses,
cash flow and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our estimates on historical
experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances.
Actual results may differ from these estimates. To the extent that there are material differences between
these estimates and our actual results, our future financial statements will be affected.

      We believe that of our significant accounting policies, which are described in Note 3, “Significant
Accounting Policies” to the audited consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on
Form 10-K, the following accounting policies involve the most difficult, complex or subjective judgments:
inventories, lease assumptions, self-insurance reserves, goodwill and intangible assets, impairment of
long-lived assets, and income taxes. Accordingly, we believe these are the most critical to fully
understand and evaluate our financial condition and results of operations.

Inventories
     We value our inventory at the lower of cost or net realizable value. The significant estimate used in
inventory valuation is the estimate of inventory shrinkage.

     Shrink expense is accrued as a percentage of sales based on historical shrink trends. We perform
physical inventories regularly, and our shrink accrual represents the loss estimate since the last physical
inventory date through the reporting date. Actual physical inventory losses could vary significantly from
our estimates due to changes in market conditions and other internal or external factors.

     We believe that all inventories are saleable and no allowances or reserves for obsolescence were
recorded as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022.

Lease Assumptions
     The most significant estimates used by management in accounting for leases and the impact of
those estimates are as follows:

      Expected lease term—Our expected lease term includes both contractual lease periods and option
periods that are determined to be reasonably certain. The expected lease term is used in determining
whether the lease is accounted for as an operating lease or a finance lease. An increase in the expected
lease term will increase the probability that a lease will be considered a finance lease and will generally
result in higher interest and depreciation expense for a leased property recorded on our balance sheets.

      Incremental borrowing rate—The incremental borrowing rate is primarily used in determining
whether the lease is accounted for as an operating lease or a finance lease. An increase in the
incremental borrowing rate decreases the net present value of the minimum lease payments and reduces
the probability that a lease will be considered a finance lease. For finance leases, the incremental
borrowing rate is also used in allocating our rental payments between interest expense and a reduction of
the outstanding obligation.

     Fair market value of the leased asset—The fair market value of leased retail property is generally
estimated based on comparable market data provided by third-party sources and evaluated using the
experience of our development staff. Fair market value is used in determining whether the lease is
accounted for as an operating lease or a finance lease.




                                                     52
Self-Insurance Reserves
      We are self-insured for costs related to workers’ compensation, general liability and employee
health benefits up to certain self-insured retentions and stop-loss limits. As of January 1, 2023, the
consolidated self-insurance reserve balance was $47.6 million, of which a majority of the balance related
to workers' compensation and general liability reserves. Liabilities for self-insurance reserves are
estimated based on independent actuarial estimates, which are based on historical information and
assumptions about future events. We utilize various techniques, including analysis of historical trends and
actuarial valuation methods, to estimate the cost to settle reported claims and claims incurred but not yet
reported as of the balance sheet date. The actuarial valuation methods consider loss development
factors, which include the development time frame and expected claim reporting and settlement patterns,
and expected loss costs, which include the expected frequency and severity of claim activity. We believe
our assumptions are reasonable, but the estimated reserves for these liabilities could be affected
materially by future events or claims experiences that differ from historical trends and assumptions.

Goodwill and Intangible Assets
        Goodwill represents the cost of acquired businesses in excess of the fair value of assets and
liabilities acquired. Our indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of trade names related to “Sprouts
Farmers Market” and liquor licenses.

       Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are evaluated for impairment on an annual basis
during the fourth fiscal quarter, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
asset might be impaired. Our impairment evaluation of goodwill consists of a qualitative assessment to
determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount.
If this qualitative assessment indicates it is more likely than not the estimated fair value of a reporting unit
exceeds its carrying value, no further analysis is required, and goodwill is not impaired. Our qualitative
assessment considers factors including changes in the competitive market, budget-to-actual
performance, trends in market capitalization for us and our peers, turnover in key management personnel
and overall changes in macroeconomic environment.

      Our impairment evaluation for our indefinite-lived intangible assets consists of a qualitative
assessment similar to that for goodwill. If our qualitative assessment indicates it is more likely than not
that the estimated fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its carrying value, no further
analysis is required, and the asset is not impaired.

      If our qualitative assessments indicate that it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value is
less than carrying value, we compare the estimated fair value of the reporting unit or asset to its carrying
amount with an impairment loss recognized for the amount, if any, by which carrying value exceeds
estimated fair value. There are significant judgments and estimates in determining the estimated fair
value of the reporting unit or asset; it is therefore possible that materially different amounts could be
recorded if we used different assumptions or if the underlying circumstances were to change.

      As of January 1, 2023, our consolidated goodwill balance was $368.9 million, and our consolidated
indefinite-lived intangible assets balance was $185.0 million. No impairment of goodwill or indefinite-lived
intangible assets was recorded during fiscal 2022, 2021 or 2020 because the fair value of those assets
was substantially above carrying value.




                                                       53
Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
      Long-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. This evaluation is performed at the lowest
level of identifiable cash flows independent of other assets. An impairment loss would be recognized
when estimated undiscounted future cash flows from the operation and/or disposition of the assets are
less than their carrying amount. Measurement of an impairment loss would be based on the excess of the
carrying amount of the asset group over its fair value. Fair value is measured using discounted cash flows
or independent opinions of value, as appropriate. Our estimates of cash flows used to assess impairment
involve significant judgment and are based upon assumptions on variables such as sales growth rate,
gross margin, payroll and other controllable expenses. Application of alternative assumptions and
definitions could produce significantly different results.
     We recorded an impairment loss of $8.1 million and $4.8 million in 2022 and 2021, respectively,
during the normal course of business. No impairment was recorded in 2020. See Note 3, “Significant
Accounting Policies” and Note 6, “Property and Equipment".

Income Taxes
        Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial
statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating
loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates
expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be
recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is
recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. We recognize the effect of income
tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not of being sustained. Recognized income tax
positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely of being realized. Changes in
recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. We
record interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as part of income tax expense.

      During the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations for which the
ultimate tax settlement is uncertain. Under applicable accounting guidance, we are required to evaluate
the realizability of our deferred tax assets. The realization of our deferred tax assets is dependent on
future earnings. Applicable accounting guidance requires that a valuation allowance be recognized when,
based on available evidence, it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not
be realized due to the inability to generate sufficient taxable income in future periods. In circumstances
where there is significant negative evidence, establishment of a valuation allowance must be considered.
A pattern of sustained profitability is considered significant positive evidence when evaluating a decision
to reverse a valuation allowance. Further, in those cases where a pattern of sustained profitability exists,
projected future taxable income may also represent positive evidence, to the extent that such projections
are determined to be reliable given the current economic environment. Accordingly, our assessment of
our valuation allowances requires considerable judgment and could have a significant negative or positive
impact on our current and future earnings.




                                                     54
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
Interest Rate Sensitivity
      As described in Note 13, “Long-Term Debt and Finance Lease Liabilities” to our accompanying
audited consolidated financial statements located elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we
have a Credit Agreement that bears interest at a rate based in part on SOFR. Accordingly, we could be
exposed to fluctuations in interest rates. Based on the $250.0 million principal outstanding under our
Credit Agreement as of January 1, 2023, each hundred basis point change in SOFR would result in a
corresponding increase or decrease in interest expense by $2.5 million annually.

     This sensitivity analysis assumes our mix of financial instruments and all other variables will remain
constant in future periods. These assumptions are made in order to facilitate the sensitivity analysis and
are not necessarily indicative of our future intentions.

     We do not enter into derivative financial instruments for trading purposes (see Note 22, “Derivative
Financial Instruments”).




                                                    55
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

                                                    INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Consolidated Financial Statements for
Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. and Subsidiaries:
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 238)...........................................                                                 57
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022 ..............................................                                              60
Consolidated Statements of Income for the fiscal years ended January 1, 2023, January 2, 2022
and January 3, 2021 ...........................................................................................................................................   61
Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the fiscal years ended January 1, 2023,
January 2, 2022 and January 3, 2021 ............................................................................................................                  62
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for the fiscal years ended January 1, 2023,
January 2, 2022 and January 3, 2021..............................................................................................................                 63
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended January 1, 2023, January 2,
2022 and January 3, 2021 .................................................................................................................................        64
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements ..................................................................................................                     65




                                                                                  56
               REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM


To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc.

Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. and its
subsidiaries (the “Company”) as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, and the related consolidated
statements of income, of comprehensive income, of stockholders’ equity and of cash flows for each of the
three years in the period ended January 1, 2023 including the related notes (collectively referred to as the
“consolidated financial statements”). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial
reporting as of January 1, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, and the
results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended January 1, 2023
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our
opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial
reporting as of January 1, 2023, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework
(2013) issued by the COSO.


Basis for Opinions

The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining
effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal
control over financial reporting, included in Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over
Financial Reporting appearing under Item 9A. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company’s
consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on
our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight
Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in
accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities
and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that
we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal
control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of
material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and
performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis,
evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also
included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as
well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal
control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and
operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included
performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our
audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.




                                                    57
Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the
consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit
committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial
statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The
communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial
statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing
a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates.

Valuation of Self-Insurance Reserves

As described in Notes 3 and 15 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company is self-insured for
costs related to workers’ compensation, general liability and employee health benefits up to certain stop-
loss limits. As of January 1, 2023, the Company’s recorded amounts for general liability, workers’
compensation and team member health benefit liabilities was $47.6 million, with the most significant
portion of the reserve balance related to workers’ compensation and general liability self-insurance
reserves. Management estimates the self-insurance reserves based on independent actuarial estimates,
which are based on historical information and assumptions about future events. Management utilizes
various techniques, including analysis of historical trends and actuarial valuation methods, to estimate the
cost to settle reported claims and claims incurred but not yet reported as of the balance sheet date. When
estimating the self-insurance reserves, several factors are considered by management, including (i) loss
development factors, which include the development time frame and expected claim reporting and
settlement patterns, and (ii) expected loss costs, which include the expected frequency and severity of
claim activity.

The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the valuation of
self-insurance reserves is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when
estimating the self-insurance reserves due to the use of various techniques to estimate the cost to settle
reported claims and claims incurred but not yet reported; (ii) the high degree of auditor judgment,
subjectivity and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to the loss
development factors and expected loss costs; and (iii) the audit effort involved the use of professionals
with specialized skill and knowledge.




                                                     58
Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with
forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing
the effectiveness of controls relating to the valuation of self-insurance reserves, including controls over
the historical information and assumptions about future events used in the actuarial valuation methods.
These procedures also included, among others (i) evaluating management’s self-insurance program
agreements and (ii) testing the completeness and accuracy of the underlying historical claims data used
in management’s assessment. Professionals with specialized skill and knowledge were used to assist in
testing management’s process for estimating the valuation of the self-insurance reserves, including
evaluating (i) the appropriateness of the actuarial valuation methods and (ii) the reasonableness of
significant assumptions related to loss development factors and expected loss costs by considering (i)
current and past claim and settlement activity and (ii) whether the assumptions were consistent with
evidence obtained in other areas of the audit.


/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Phoenix, Arizona
March 2, 2023

We have served as the Company’s auditor since 2011.




                                                     59
                     SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                            CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                 (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AND PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

                                                                        January 1, 2023   January 2, 2022
ASSETS
Current assets:
    Cash and cash equivalents                                           $     293,233     $     245,287
    Accounts receivable, net                                                   16,108            21,574
    Inventories                                                               310,545           265,387
    Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                  53,918            35,468
Total current assets                                                          673,804           567,716
Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation                       722,241           716,029
Operating lease assets, net                                                 1,106,524         1,072,019
Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization                            184,960           184,960
Goodwill                                                                      368,878           368,878
Other assets                                                                   13,973            13,513
    Total assets                                                        $   3,070,380     $   2,923,115
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Current liabilities:
    Accounts payable                                                    $     172,904     $     145,901
    Accrued liabilities                                                       151,306           155,996
    Accrued salaries and benefits                                              61,574            58,743
    Current portion of operating lease liabilities                            135,584           151,755
    Current portion of finance lease liabilities                                1,012             1,078
Total current liabilities                                                     522,380           513,473
Long-term operating lease liabilities                                       1,145,173         1,095,909
Long-term debt and finance lease liabilities                                  258,902           259,656
Other long-term liabilities                                                    36,340            36,306
Deferred income tax liability                                                  61,123            57,895
    Total liabilities                                                       2,023,918         1,963,239
Commitments and contingencies (Note 19)
Stockholders’ equity:
    Undesignated preferred stock; $0.001 par value; 10,000,000 shares
      authorized, no shares issued and outstanding                                   —                 —
    Common stock, $0.001 par value; 200,000,000 shares authorized,
      105,072,756 shares issued and outstanding, January 1, 2023;
      111,114,374 shares issued and outstanding, January 2, 2022                  105               111
    Additional paid-in capital                                                726,345           704,701
    Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)                                  —             (3,758)
    Retained earnings                                                         320,012           258,822
Total stockholders’ equity                                                  1,046,462           959,876
    Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity                          $   3,070,380     $   2,923,115



        The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                  60
                     SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME
                       (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)


                                                                           Year Ended
                                                    January 1, 2023      January 2, 2022      January 3, 2021
Net sales                                       $        6,404,223 $          6,099,869 $          6,468,759
Cost of sales                                            4,055,659            3,890,657            4,089,470
    Gross profit                                         2,348,564            2,209,212            2,379,289
Selling, general and administrative expenses             1,855,649            1,748,205            1,863,869
Depreciation and amortization (exclusive                   123,530              122,258              124,124
  of depreciation included in cost of
  sales)
Store closure and other costs, net                          11,025                4,673                 (369)
    Income from operations                                 358,360              334,076              391,665
Interest expense, net                                        9,047               11,684               14,787
    Income before income taxes                             349,313              322,392              376,878
Income tax provision                                        88,149               78,235               89,428
    Net income                                  $          261,164 $            244,157 $            287,450
Net income per share:
    Basic                                       $               2.41 $               2.12 $               2.44
    Diluted                                     $               2.39 $               2.10 $               2.43
Weighted average shares outstanding:
    Basic                                                  108,232              115,377              117,821
    Diluted                                                109,139              116,077              118,224



        The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                    61
                    SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                   (IN THOUSANDS)

                                                                                Year Ended
                                                           January 1, 2023    January 2, 2022    January 3, 2021
Net income                                             $         261,164 $          244,157 $           287,450

Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow
 hedging activities, net of income tax of
  $1,819, $3,116 and ($205)                                         5,259              9,009                (592)
Reclassification of net gains (losses) on
 cash flow hedges to net income, net
 of income tax of ($520), ($1,485) and ($1,107)                     (1,501)            (4,293)            (3,200)
   Total other comprehensive income (loss)                           3,758              4,716             (3,792)

Comprehensive income                                   $         264,922 $          248,873 $           283,658



        The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                  62
                                              SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
                                                  (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AMOUNTS)

                                                                                                                                  Accumulated
                                                                                                                                     Other
                                                                                      Additional     (Accumulated Deficit)       Comprehensive             Total
                                                                  Common               Paid-in            Retained                  Income             Stockholders’
                                                Shares             Stock               Capital            Earnings                   (Loss)               Equity
Balances at December 29, 2019                  117,452,918    $            117    $        670,966   $           (84,449)    $           (4,682)   $          581,952
Net income                                              —                   —                   —                287,450                     —                287,450
Other comprehensive income (loss)                       —                   —                   —                     —                  (3,792)               (3,792)
Issuance of shares under stock plans               500,517                   1               1,343                    —                      —                  1,344
Share-based compensation                                —                   —               14,339                    —                      —                 14,339
Balances at January 3, 2021                    117,953,435                 118             686,648               203,001                 (8,474)              881,293
Net income                                              —                   —                   —                244,157                     —                244,157
Other comprehensive income (loss)                       —                   —                   —                     —                   4,716                 4,716
Issuance of shares under stock plans               577,296                  —                2,170                    —                      —                  2,170
Repurchase and retirement of common stock       (7,416,357)                 (7)                 —               (188,336)                    —               (188,343)
Share-based compensation                                —                   —               15,883                    —                      —                 15,883
Balances at January 2, 2022                    111,114,374                 111             704,701               258,822                 (3,758)              959,876
Net income                                              —                   —                   —                261,164                     —                261,164
Other comprehensive income (loss)                       —                   —                   —                     —                   3,758                 3,758
Issuance of shares under stock plans               855,464                  —                5,041                    —                      —                  5,041
Repurchase and retirement of common stock       (6,897,082)                 (6)                 —               (199,974)                    —               (199,980)
Share-based compensation                                —                   —               16,603                    —                      —                 16,603
Balances at January 1, 2023                    105,072,756    $            105    $        726,345   $           320,012     $               —     $        1,046,462



                               The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                            63
                           SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                             CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                         (IN THOUSANDS)

                                                                                              Year Ended
                                                                         January 1, 2023    January 2, 2022    January 3, 2021
Operating activities
Net income                                                               $      261,164     $      244,157     $      287,450
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating
activities:
   Depreciation and amortization expense                                        127,067            125,541            126,507
   Operating lease asset amortization                                           117,315            108,517             99,276
   Store closure and other costs, net                                             8,066              4,762               (321)
   Share-based compensation                                                      16,603             15,883             14,339
   Deferred income taxes                                                          3,228               (178)             3,717
   Other non-cash items                                                             672              1,167              3,683
   Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
       Accounts receivable                                                        13,381             16,928             25,977
       Inventories                                                               (45,158)           (11,417)            21,754
       Prepaid expenses and other current assets                                 (18,467)            (5,879)           (14,970)
       Other assets                                                                2,039             (1,782)            (5,461)
       Accounts payable                                                           13,362              4,523             20,184
       Accrued liabilities                                                         5,416                610              4,296
       Accrued salaries and benefits                                               2,831            (17,951)            28,116
       Accrued income tax                                                             —                  —              (2,005)
       Operating lease liabilities                                              (132,889)          (120,483)          (120,085)
       Other long-term liabilities                                                (3,301)               401              1,578
          Cash flows from operating activities                                   371,329            364,799            494,035
Investing activities
Purchases of property and equipment                                             (124,010)          (102,378)          (121,968)
          Cash flows used in investing activities                               (124,010)          (102,378)          (121,968)
Financing activities
Proceeds from revolving credit facilities                                         62,500                 —                  —
Payments on revolving credit facilities                                          (62,500)                —            (288,000)
Payments on finance lease liabilities                                               (819)              (685)              (754)
Payments of deferred financing costs                                              (3,373)                —                  —
Repurchase of common stock                                                      (199,980)          (188,343)                —
Proceeds from exercise of stock options                                            5,041              2,170              1,343
          Cash flows used in financing activities                               (199,131)          (186,858)          (287,411)
          Increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash                 48,188             75,563             84,656
Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of the period           247,004            171,441             86,785
Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at the end of the period     $       295,192 $          247,004 $          171,441

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information
Cash paid for interest                                                   $       11,132     $       11,431     $       14,786
Cash paid for income taxes                                                       93,419             82,888             94,767
Leased assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities          157,269            139,349            118,075

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing
activities
Property and equipment in accounts payable and accrued liabilities       $       36,177     $       25,166     $        10,869


           The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                64
                       SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. Organization and Description of Business
      Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc., a Delaware corporation, through its subsidiaries, offers a unique
grocery experience featuring an open layout with fresh produce at the heart of the store. The Company
continues to bring the latest in wholesome, innovative products made with lifestyle-friendly ingredients
such as organic, plant-based and gluten-free. As of January 1, 2023, the Company operated 386 stores
in 23 states. For convenience, the “Company” is used to refer collectively to Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc.
and, unless the context requires otherwise, its subsidiaries. The Company’s store operations are
conducted by its subsidiaries.

2. Basis of Presentation
     The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned
subsidiaries in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(“GAAP”). All material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

     The Company has one reportable and one operating segment, healthy grocery stores.

      The Company categorizes the varieties of products it sells as perishable and non-perishable.
Perishable product categories include produce, meat, seafood, deli, bakery, floral and dairy and dairy
alternatives. Non-perishable product categories include grocery, vitamins and supplements, bulk items,
frozen foods, beer and wine, and natural health and body care.

     The following is a breakdown of the Company’s perishable and non-perishable sales mix:
                                                                     2022            2021            2020
Perishables                                                              58.0%           57.7%           57.2%
Non-Perishables                                                          42.0%           42.3%           42.8%

     All dollar amounts are in thousands, unless otherwise indicated.

3. Significant Accounting Policies
Fiscal Years
     The Company reports its results of operations on a 52- or 53-week fiscal calendar ending on the
Sunday closest to December 31. Fiscal year 2022 ended on January 1, 2023 and included 52 weeks.
Fiscal year 2021 ended on January 2, 2022 and included 52 weeks. Fiscal year 2020 ended on January
3, 2021 and included 53 weeks. Fiscal years 2022, 2021 and 2020 are referred to as 2022, 2021 and
2020, respectively.

Significant Accounting Estimates
        The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make
estimates and assumptions. Such estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company’s critical
accounting estimates include inventories, lease assumptions, self-insurance reserves, goodwill and
intangible assets, impairment of long-lived assets, and income taxes. Actual results could differ from
those estimates.




                                                      65
Cash and Cash Equivalents
      The Company considers all highly liquid instruments with an original maturity of three months or less
to be cash equivalents. The Company’s cash and cash equivalents are maintained at financial institutions
in the United States of America. Deposits in transit include sales through the end of the period, the
majority of which were paid with credit and debit cards and settle within a few days of the sales
transactions. The amounts due from banks for these transactions at each reporting date were as follows:

                                                                                         As Of
                                                                          January 1, 2023    January 2, 2022
Due from banks for debit and credit card transactions                    $        77,665    $        78,558


Restricted Cash
      Restricted cash relates to the Company’s defined benefit plan forfeitures and the Company’s
healthcare, general liability and workers’ compensation plan benefits of approximately $2.0 million and
$1.7 million as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, respectively, and is included in prepaid expenses
and other current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.


Accounts Receivable
      Accounts receivable primarily represents billings to vendors for scan, advertising and other rebates,
receivables for ecommerce sales and billings to landlords for tenant allowances. Accounts receivable also
includes receivables from the Company’s insurance carrier for payments expected to be made in excess
of self-insured retentions. The Company provides an allowance for doubtful accounts when a specific
account is determined to be uncollectible.

Inventories
      Inventories consist of merchandise purchased for resale, which are stated at the lower of cost or net
realizable value. The cost method is used for distribution center and store perishable department
inventories by assigning costs to each of these items based on a first-in, first-out (FIFO) basis (net of
vendor discounts).

     The Company’s non-perishable inventory is valued at the lower of cost or net realizable value using
weighted averaging, the use of which approximates the FIFO method.

     Inventories are reduced for estimated losses related to shrinkage. The Company believes that all
inventories are saleable and no allowances or reserves for obsolescence were recorded as of January 1,
2023 and January 2, 2022.

Property and Equipment
      Property and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization.
Expenditures for major additions and improvements to facilities as well as significant component
replacements are capitalized. All other maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred.
When property is retired or otherwise disposed of, the related cost and accumulated depreciation are
removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is reflected in the consolidated statements of
income. Depreciation expense, which includes the amortization of assets recorded as finance leases, is
computed using the straight-line method over the estimated useful lives of the individual assets. Terms of
leases used in the determination of estimated useful lives may include renewal options if the exercise of
the renewal option is determined to be reasonably certain.




                                                    66
     The following table includes the estimated useful lives of certain of the Company’s asset classes:

Computer hardware and software                                                                     3 to 5 years
Furniture, fixtures and equipment                                                                 7 to 20 years
Leasehold improvements                                                                           up to 15 years
Buildings                                                                                              40 years

      Store development costs, which include costs associated with the selection and procurement of real
estate sites, are also included in property and equipment. These costs are included in leasehold
improvements and are amortized over the remaining lease term of the successful sites with which they
are associated.


Self-Insurance Reserves
       The Company uses a combination of insurance and self-insurance programs to provide for costs
associated with general liability, workers’ compensation and team member health benefits. Liabilities for
self-insurance reserves are estimated based on independent actuarial estimates, which are based on
historical information and assumptions about future events. The Company utilizes various techniques,
including analysis of historical trends and actuarial valuation methods, to estimate the cost to settle
reported claims and claims incurred but not yet reported as of the balance sheet date. The actuarial
valuation methods consider loss development factors, which include the development time frame and
expected claim reporting and settlement patterns, and expected loss costs, which include the expected
frequency and severity of claim activity. Amounts expected to be recovered from insurance companies
are included in the liability, with a corresponding amount recorded in accounts receivable.

Goodwill and Intangible Assets
        Goodwill represents the cost of acquired businesses in excess of the fair value of assets and
liabilities acquired. The Company’s indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of trade names related to
“Sprouts Farmers Market” and liquor licenses. The Company also held intangible assets with finite useful
lives consisting of the “Sunflower Farmers Market” trade name. The trade name related to “Sunflower
Farmers Market” met the definition of a defensive intangible asset and is fully amortized.

       Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are evaluated for impairment on an annual basis
during the fourth fiscal quarter, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
asset might be impaired. The Company’s impairment evaluation of goodwill consists of a qualitative
assessment to determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its
carrying amount. The Company’s qualitative assessment considered factors including changes in the
competitive market, budget-to-actual performance, trends in market capitalization for the Company and its
peers, turnover in key management personnel and overall changes in the macroeconomic environment.
If this qualitative assessment indicates it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value of a reporting
unit exceeds its carrying value, no further analysis is required, and goodwill is not impaired. Otherwise,
the Company compares the estimated fair value of the reporting unit to its carrying amount with an
impairment loss recognized for the amount, if any, by which carrying value exceeds estimated fair value.

      The impairment evaluation for the Company’s indefinite-lived intangible assets consists of a
qualitative assessment similar to that for goodwill. If the qualitative assessment indicates it is more likely
than not that the estimated fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its carrying value, no
further analysis is required, and the asset is not impaired. Otherwise, the Company compares the
estimated fair value of the asset to its carrying amount with an impairment loss recognized for the
amount, if any, by which carrying value exceeds estimated fair value.




                                                      67
      The Company has determined its business consists of a single reporting unit, healthy grocery
stores. The Company has had no goodwill impairment charges for the past three fiscal years. See Note 8,
“Intangible Assets” and Note 9, “Goodwill” for further discussion.


Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
      The Company assesses its long-lived assets, including property and equipment and right-of-use
assets, for potential impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. These events primarily include current period losses
combined with a history of losses or a projection of continuing losses, a significant decrease in the market
value of an asset or a decision to close or relocate a store. The Company groups and evaluates long-
lived assets for impairment at the individual store level, which is the lowest level at which independent
identifiable cash flows are available. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a
comparison of the carrying amount of the asset group to the future undiscounted cash flows expected to
be generated by that asset group. The Company’s impairment analysis contains management
assumptions about key variables including sales growth rate, gross margin, payroll and other controllable
expenses.

      If impairment is indicated, a loss is recognized for any excess of the carrying value over the
estimated fair value of the asset group. The fair value of the asset group is estimated based on the
discounted future cash flows using a discount rate commensurate with the related risk or comparable
market values, if available. The Company recorded an impairment loss of $8.1 million and $4.8 million in
2022 and 2021, respectively, as part of the normal course of business primarily related to the write-down
of right-of-use assets and leasehold improvements. There were no impairment charges in 2020. These
charges are recorded as a component of Store closure and other costs, net in the accompanying
consolidated statements of income.

Deferred Financing Costs
      The Company capitalizes certain fees and costs incurred in connection with the issuance of debt.
Deferred financing costs are amortized to interest expense over the term of the debt using the effective
interest method. For the Credit Agreement and Former Credit Facility (as defined in Note 13, “Long-Term
Debt and Finance Lease Liabilities”), deferred financing costs are amortized on a straight-line basis over
the term of the facility. Upon prepayment, redemption or conversion of debt, the Company accelerates the
recognition of an appropriate amount of financing costs as loss on extinguishment of debt. The current
and noncurrent portions of deferred financing costs are included in prepaid expenses and other current
assets and other assets, respectively, in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

Leases
      The Company leases its stores, distribution centers, and administrative offices. The Company
determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. Operating leases are included in operating lease
assets, current portion of operating lease liabilities and noncurrent portion of operating lease liabilities in
the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Finance leases are included in property, plant,
equipment, net, current portion of finance lease liabilities, and long-term debt and finance lease liabilities
in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. Operating lease payments are charged on a straight-
line basis to rent expense, a component of selling, general and administrative expenses, over the lease
term and finance lease payments are charged to interest expense and depreciation and amortization
expense using a debt model over the lease term.




                                                       68
     The Company’s lease assets represent a right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and
lease liabilities represent the Company’s obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Lease
assets and liabilities and the related rent expense are recognized at the lease commencement date (date
on which the Company gains access to the property) based on the estimated present value of lease
payments over the lease term, net of landlord allowances expected to be received. The Company
accounts for the lease and non-lease components as a single lease component for all current classes of
leases.

      Most of the Company’s lease agreements include variable payments related to pass-through costs
for common area maintenance ("CAM"), property taxes, and insurance. Additionally, some of the
Company’s lease agreements include rental payments based on a percentage of retail sales over
contractual levels. These variable payments are not included in the measurement of the lease liability or
asset and are expensed as incurred.

     As most of the Company’s lease agreements do not provide an implicit rate, the Company uses an
estimated incremental borrowing rate, which is derived from third-party information available at the lease
commencement date, in determining the present value of lease payments. The rate used is for a secured
borrowing of a similar term as the lease.

      Most leases include one or more options to renew, with renewal terms that can extend the lease
term from one to twenty years or more. The exercise of lease renewal options is at the Company’s sole
discretion. The lease term includes the initial contractual term as well as any options to extend the lease
when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. Leases with a term of 12 months
or less (“short-term leases”) are not recorded on the balance sheet. The Company does not currently
have any material short-term leases. Additionally, the Company’s lease agreements do not contain any
residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants.

     The Company subleases certain real estate to third parties, which have all been classified as
operating leases. The Company recognizes sublease income on a straight-line basis.

Fair Value Measurements
      The Company records its financial assets and liabilities in accordance with the framework for
measuring fair value in accordance with ASC 820. This framework establishes a three-level fair value
hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value:
     Level 1: Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets.
       Level 2: Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar
instruments in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs and
significant value drivers are observable in active markets.
       Level 3: Valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or
significant value drivers are unobservable.

      Fair value measurements of nonfinancial assets and nonfinancial liabilities are primarily used in the
valuation of derivative instruments and the impairment analysis of goodwill, intangible assets, and long-
lived assets. Impairment losses related to store-level assets are calculated using significant unobservable
inputs including the present value of future cash flows expected to be generated using a risk-adjusted
market based weighted-average cost of capital, comparable store sales growth assumptions, and third
party property appraisal data. Therefore, these inputs are classified as a level 3 measurement in the fair
value hierarchy.




                                                      69
Derivative Financial Instruments
      The Company records derivatives at fair value. The designation of a derivative instrument as a
hedge and its ability to meet the hedge accounting criteria determine how the Company reflects the
change in fair value of the derivative instrument in its financial statements. A derivative qualifies for hedge
accounting if, at inception, the derivative is expected to be highly effective in offsetting the underlying
hedged cash flows, and the Company fulfills the hedge documentation standards at the time it enters into
the derivative contract. The Company designates its hedge based on the exposure it is hedging. For
qualifying cash flow hedges, the Company records changes in fair value in other comprehensive income
(“OCI”). The Company releases the derivative’s gain or loss from OCI to match the timing of the
underlying hedged item’s effect on earnings.

       The Company reviews the effectiveness of its hedging instruments quarterly. The Company
recognizes changes in the fair value for derivatives not designated as hedges or those not qualifying for
hedge accounting in current period earnings. The Company discontinues hedge accounting for any hedge
that is no longer evaluated to be highly effective.

     The Company does not enter into derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative
purposes, and it monitors the financial stability and credit standing of its counterparties in these
transactions. The Company had no active derivative financial instruments as of January 1, 2023.

Share-Based Compensation
      The Company measures share-based compensation cost at the grant date based on the fair value
of the award and recognizes share-based compensation cost as expense over the vesting period. As
share-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statements of income is based on
awards ultimately expected to vest, the amount of expense has been reduced for actual forfeitures as
they occur. The Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing model to determine the grant date fair
value for each option grant. See Note 26, “Share-Based Compensation” for a discussion of assumptions
used in the calculation of fair values. Application of alternative assumptions could produce different
estimates of the fair value of share-based compensation and, consequently, the related amounts
recognized in the accompanying consolidated statements of income. The grant date fair value of
restricted stock units (“RSUs”), performance share awards (“PSAs”), and restricted stock awards (“RSAs”)
is based on the closing price per share of the Company’s common stock on the grant date. The Company
recognizes compensation expense for time-based awards on a straight-line basis and for performance-
based awards on the graded-vesting method over the vesting period of the awards.




                                                      70
Revenue Recognition
      The Company’s performance obligations are satisfied upon the transfer of goods to the customer,
which occurs at the point of sale, and payment from customers is also due at the time of sale. Proceeds
from the sale of gift cards are recorded as a liability at the time of sale and recognized as sales when they
are redeemed by the customer and the performance obligation is satisfied by the Company. The
Company’s gift cards do not expire. Based on historical redemption rates, a small and relatively stable
percentage of gift cards will never be redeemed, referred to as "breakage." Estimated breakage revenue
is recognized over time in proportion to actual gift card redemptions and was not material in any period
presented. A summary of the activity and balances in the gift card liability, net is as follows:

                                                                                Year Ended
                                                             January 1, 2023   January 2, 2022   January 3, 2021
Balance, beginning of year                               $           12,586 $          15,888 $         15,902
Gift cards issued during the period but not redeemed (1)              4,291             5,711            9,895
Revenue recognized from beginning liability                          (5,971)           (9,013)          (9,909)
Balance, end of year                                     $           10,906 $          12,586 $         15,888
        (1) net of estimated breakage

     The nature of goods the Company transfers to customers at the point of sale are inventories,
consisting of merchandise purchased for resale.

      The Company does not have any material contract assets or receivables from contracts with
customers, any revenue recognized in the current period from performance obligations satisfied in
previous periods, any contract performance obligations, or any material costs to obtain or fulfill a contract
as of January 1, 2023.

Cost of Sales
      Cost of sales includes the cost of inventory sold during the period, including the direct costs of
purchased merchandise (net of discounts and allowances), distribution and supply chain costs, and
depreciation and amortization for distribution centers and supply chain related assets. The Company
recognizes vendor allowances and merchandise volume related rebate allowances as a reduction of
inventories during the period when earned and reflects the allowances as a component of cost of sales as
the inventory is sold.

     The Company’s largest supplier accounted for approximately 45%, 44% and 42% of total purchases
during 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
      Selling, general and administrative expenses primarily consist of salaries, wages and benefits costs,
share-based compensation, occupancy costs (including rent, property taxes, utilities, CAM and
insurance), advertising costs, buying costs, pre-opening and other administrative costs.

      The Company charges certain vendors to place advertisements in the Company’s in-store guide
and circulars under a cooperative advertising program. The Company records rebates received from
vendors in connection with cooperative advertising programs as a reduction to advertising costs when the
allowance represents a reimbursement of a specific incremental and identifiable cost. Advertising costs
are expensed as incurred. Advertising expense, net of rebates, was $49.2 million, $45.9 million and $54.4
million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

Depreciation and amortization
     Depreciation and amortization expense (exclusive of depreciation included in cost of sales) primarily
consists of depreciation and amortization for buildings, store leasehold improvements, and equipment.




                                                     71
Income Taxes
        Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial
statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax basis and operating
loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates
expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be
recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is
recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The Company’s deferred tax assets
are subject to periodic recoverability assessments. Valuation allowances are established, when
necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that more likely than not will be realized.
Realization of the deferred tax assets is principally dependent upon achievement of projected future
taxable income offset by deferred tax liabilities. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in
the period in which the judgment occurs.

       The Company files income tax returns for federal purposes and in many states. The Company’s tax
filings remain subject to examination by applicable tax authorities for a certain length of time, generally
three years, following the tax year to which those filings relate.

      The Company recognizes the effect of uncertain income tax positions only if those positions are
more likely than not of being sustained. Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest
amount that is greater than 50% likely of being realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are
reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. The Company records interest and
penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as part of income tax expense.

Share Repurchases
      The Company has elected to retire shares repurchased to date. Shares retired become part of the
pool of authorized but unissued shares. The Company has elected to record the purchase price of the
retired shares in excess of par value directly as a reduction of retained earnings.

Net Income per Share
     Basic net income per share is calculated by dividing net income by the weighted average number of
shares outstanding during the fiscal period.

     Diluted net income per share is based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding, plus,
where applicable, shares that would have been outstanding related to dilutive options, PSAs, RSAs, and
RSUs.

Comprehensive Income

      Comprehensive income consists of net income and the unrealized gains or losses on derivative
instruments that qualify for and have been designated as cash flow hedges, for all periods presented.




                                                    72
Recently Adopted Accounting Pronouncements

Reference Rate Reform

       In March 2020 and January 2021, the FASB issued ASU no. 2020-04, “Reference Rate Reform
(Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting” and ASU 2021-
01, “Reference Rate Reform (Topic 848): Scope,” respectively. The amendments in these updates
provide optional expedients and exceptions for a limited period of time to ease the potential burden in
accounting for contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions affected by reference rate reform.
During 2022, the Company adopted certain optional expedients provided under Topic 848 that permitted
its hedging relationships to continue without de-designation upon changes due to reference rate reform.
The adoption of this guidance resulted in no material impact to the Company’s consolidated financial
statements. See Note 22, “Derivative Financial Instruments” for more information on our hedging
activities.

Income Taxes –Accounting for Income Taxes

      In December 2019, the FASB issued ASU no. 2019-12, “Income Taxes (Topic 740) Simplifying the
Accounting for Income Taxes.” Among other things, the amendment removes certain exceptions for
periods with operating losses, and reduces the complexity surrounding franchise tax, step up in tax basis
of goodwill in conjunction with a business combination, and timing of enacting changes in tax laws during
interim periods. The Company adopted this standard effective January 4, 2021 on a prospective basis.
There was no impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.

Financial Instruments – Credit Losses
     In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU no. 2016-13, “Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326):
Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments.” The amendments in this update introduce a
new standard to replace the incurred loss impairment methodology under current GAAP with a
methodology that reflects expected credit losses and requires consideration of a broader range of
reasonable and supportable information to inform credit loss estimates. Subsequent to the initial
standards, the FASB has also issued several ASUs to clarify specific topics. The Company adopted ASU
2016-13 effective December 30, 2019, using the modified retrospective approach. There was no impact
to opening retained earnings as of December 30, 2019 or on the Company’s consolidated financial
statements.

Compensation – Fair Value Disclosures

      In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU No. 2018-13, “Fair value measurement (Topic 820) –
Disclosure framework – Changes to the disclosure requirements for fair value measurement.” The
amendments in this update improve the effectiveness of fair value measurement disclosures. The
Company adopted this standard effective December 30, 2019. There was no impact on the Company’s
disclosure in its consolidated financial statements.

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted
     No other new accounting pronouncements issued or effective during 2022 had, or are expected to
have, a material impact on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.




                                                    73
4. Accounts Receivable
     A summary of accounts receivable is as follows:

                                                                                         As Of
                                                                          January 1, 2023    January 2, 2022
Landlords                                                                $           232    $         4,856
Vendors                                                                            3,544              4,191
Insurance                                                                          2,320              2,161
Ecommerce                                                                          6,988              4,857
Other                                                                              3,024              5,509
Total                                                                    $        16,108    $        21,574

     The Company recorded allowances for certain vendor receivables of $1.4 million and $0.7 million at
January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, respectively.

5. Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets
     A summary of prepaid expenses and other current assets is as follows:

                                                                                         As Of
                                                                          January 1, 2023    January 2, 2022
Prepaid expenses                                                         $        33,034    $        21,548
Restricted cash                                                                    1,959              1,717
Income tax receivable                                                             18,155             11,639
Other current assets                                                                 770                564
Total                                                                    $        53,918    $        35,468



6. Property and Equipment
     A summary of property and equipment, net is as follows:

                                                                                         As Of
                                                                          January 1, 2023    January 2, 2022
Land and finance lease assets                                            $       15,753 $           15,753
Furniture, fixtures and equipment                                               850,357            797,169
Leasehold improvements                                                          679,880            665,237
Construction in progress                                                        110,106             58,621
   Total property and equipment                                               1,656,096          1,536,780
Accumulated depreciation and amortization                                      (933,855)          (820,751)
   Property and equipment, net                                           $      722,241 $          716,029

     Depreciation expense was $125.7 million, $124.1 million and $125.6 million for 2022, 2021 and
2020, respectively. Depreciation expense is primarily reflected in depreciation and amortization on the
consolidated statements of income.

     Impairment expense was $8.1 million and $4.8 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively. There was
no impairment expense recognized in 2020.




                                                    74
7. Leases
     Lease cost includes both the fixed and variable expenses recorded for leases. The components of
lease cost are as follows:

                                                                                                Year Ended
                                                                               January 1,      January 2,        January 3,
                                               Classification                    2023             2022             2021
                                  Selling, general and administrative
Operating lease cost              expenses (1)                                 $204,559 $ 196,602 $ 191,279
Finance lease cost:
Amortization of Property          Depreciation and amortization
  and Equipment                                                                      966               966              966
Interest on lease liabilities     Interest expense                                   852               906              970
                                  Selling, general and administrative
Variable lease cost               expenses (1)                                    65,979            60,763          57,789
                                  Selling, general and administrative
Sublease income                   expenses                                         (833)     (839)   (1,192)
Total net lease cost                                                           $271,523 $ 258,398 $ 249,812

    (1)      Supply chain-related amounts of $12.4 million, $10.6 million and $7.8 million were included in
             cost of sales for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

      Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases is as follows:

                                                                                                    As of
                                           Classification                         January 1, 2023            January 2, 2022
Assets
Operating                   Operating lease assets                            $             1,106,524       $    1,072,019
Finance                     Property and equipment, net                                         7,285                8,251
Total lease assets                                                            $             1,113,809       $    1,080,270
Liabilities
Current
                            Current portion of operating lease
  Operating                 liabilities                                  $                   135,584        $      151,755
  Finance                   Current portion of finance lease liabilities                       1,012                 1,078
Noncurrent
  Operating                 Long-term operating lease liabilities                           1,145,173            1,095,909
                            Long-term debt and finance lease
   Finance                  liabilities                                                         8,902                9,656
Total lease liabilities                                                       $             1,290,671       $    1,258,398

                                                                 2022                 2021                      2020
Weighted average remaining lease term (years)
  Operating leases                                                      9.4                    9.6                      9.8
  Finance leases                                                        7.8                    8.8                      9.7
Weighted average discount rate
  Operating leases                                                      7.1%                   6.7%                     7.2%
  Finance leases                                                        8.4%                   8.4%                     8.4%




                                                            75
     Supplemental cash flow and other information related to leases is as follows:

                                                                                     Year Ended
                                                             January 1, 2023       January 2, 2022    January 3, 2021
Cash paid for amounts included in measurement of
lease liabilities:
   Operating cash flows for operating leases                $       207,516 $            182,926 $          186,280
   Operating cash flows for finance leases                              852                  906                970

Lease assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities:
   Operating leases                                      $          157,269 $            139,349 $          118,075

     A summary of maturities of lease liabilities is as follows:

                                                   Operating Leases(1), (2)        Finance Leases           Total
2023                                               $              202,017      $             1,556    $   203,573
2024                                                              223,817                    1,734        225,551
2025                                                              224,534                    1,904        226,438
2026                                                              192,101                    1,758        193,859
2027                                                              176,190                    1,845        178,035
Thereafter                                                        910,418                    4,959        915,377
   Total lease payments                                         1,929,077                   13,756      1,942,833
Less: Imputed interest                                           (648,320)                  (3,842)      (652,162)
   Total lease liabilities                                      1,280,757                    9,914      1,290,671
Less: Current portion                                            (135,584)                  (1,012)      (136,596)
   Long-term lease liabilities                     $            1,145,173      $             8,902    $ 1,154,075

    (1)     Operating lease payments include $67.5 million related to periods covered by options to
            extend lease terms that are reasonably certain of being exercised and exclude $504.5 million
            of legally binding minimum lease payments for leases executed but not yet commenced.
    (2)     We have subtenant agreements under which we will receive $1.0 million in 2023, $1.0 million
            in 2024, $0.9 million in 2025, $0.7 million in 2026, $0.6 million in 2027 and $0.4 million
            thereafter.




                                                       76
8. Intangible Assets
      A summary of the activity and balances in intangible assets is as follows:

                                                Balance at January 3,   Adjustments/Transfers   Balance at January
                                                        2021                                         2, 2022
Indefinite-lived trade names                $                 182,937 $                    — $            182,937
Indefinite-lived liquor licenses                                2,023                      —                2,023
   Total intangible assets (1)              $                 184,960 $                    — $            184,960

                                                Balance at January 2,   Adjustments/Transfers Balance at January 1,
                                                        2022                                          2023
Indefinite-lived trade names                $                 182,937 $                   — $             182,937
Indefinite-lived liquor licenses                                2,023                     —                 2,023
   Total intangible assets (1)              $                 184,960 $                   — $             184,960

    (1)       Excludes the original cost and accumulated amortization of fully-amortized finite-lived
              intangible assets.

     There was no amortization expense in 2022 and 2021. Amortization expense was ($0.4) million in
2020.


9. Goodwill
      The Company’s goodwill balance was $368.9 million as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022. As
of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, the Company had no accumulated goodwill impairment losses.
The goodwill was related to the acquisition of Sunflower Farmers Market stores and Henry’s Farmers
Market stores.

10. Other Assets
     As of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, other assets of $14.0 million and $13.5 million,
respectively, primarily consisted of deferred software as a service, deferred financing costs, capitalized
durable supplies, utilities deposits and miscellaneous other assets.


11. Accrued Liabilities
      A summary of accrued liabilities is as follows:

                                                                                               As Of
                                                                                January 1, 2023    January 2, 2022
Self-insurance reserves                                                        $       23,954     $        27,136
Accrued occupancy related (CAM, property taxes, etc.)                                  24,981              20,649
Gift cards, net of breakage                                                            10,906              12,586
Accrued sales and use tax                                                              13,820              12,327
Other accrued liabilities                                                              77,645              83,298
Total                                                                          $      151,306     $       155,996




                                                        77
12. Accrued Salaries and Benefits
       A summary of accrued salaries and benefits is as follows:

                                                                              As Of
                                                     January 1, 2023                           January 2, 2022
Bonuses                                      $                         23,679          $                            24,292
Payroll                                                                19,873                                       18,065
Vacation                                                               16,732                                       15,302
Severance and other                                                     1,290                                        1,084
Total                                        $                         61,574          $                            58,743


13. Long-Term Debt and Finance Lease Liabilities
       A summary of long-term debt and finance lease liabilities is as follows:

                                                                                                        As of
                                                                                           January 1,           January 2,
Facility                                            Maturity           Interest Rate         2023                 2022
Senior secured debt
   $700.0 million Credit Agreement            March 25, 2027        Variable $ 250,000 $            —
   Former Credit Facility                    March 27, 2023(1)      Variable           —      250,000
Finance lease liabilities (see Note 7,
"Leases")                                             Various            n/a       8,902         9,656
Long-term debt and finance lease liabilities                                 $ 258,902 $ 259,656
    (1)    In connection with the execution of the Credit Agreement on March 25, 2022, the Company's
           obligations as borrower under the Former Credit Facility were prepaid and terminated.

       A summary of maturities of long-term debt is as follows:

                                                                          $700 million Credit Agreement
2023                                                       $                                                           —
2024                                                                                                                   —
2025                                                                                                                   —
2026                                                                                                                   —
2027                                                                                                              250,000
Thereafter                                                                                                             —
   Total                                                   $                                                      250,000

New Credit Agreement
      The Company’s subsidiary, Sprouts Farmers Markets Holdings, LLC (“Intermediate Holdings”), is
the borrower under a credit agreement entered into on March 25, 2022 (the “Credit Agreement”). The
Credit Agreement provides for a revolving credit facility (the "Revolving Credit Facility") with an initial
aggregate commitment of $700.0 million. Amounts outstanding under the Credit Agreement may be
increased from time to time in accordance with an expansion feature set forth in the Credit Agreement.
      The Company capitalized debt issuance costs of $3.4 million related to the Credit Agreement,
which, combined with the remaining $0.5 million debt issuance costs in respect of that certain amended
and restated credit agreement entered into on March 27, 2018, by and among the Company, Intermediate
Holdings, certain lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and
collateral agent (the “Former Credit Facility”), which remained outstanding as of the time of Intermediate
Holdings’ entry into the Credit Agreement, are being amortized on a straight-line basis to interest expense
over the five-year term of the Credit Agreement.




                                                      78
      The Credit Agreement provides for a $70.0 million letter of credit sub-facility (the "Letter of Credit
Sub-Facility") and a $50.0 million swingline facility. Letters of credit issued under the Credit Agreement
reduce the capacity of Intermediate Holdings to borrow under the Revolving Credit Facility. Letters of
credit totaling $24.8 million have been issued as of January 1, 2023 under the Letter of Credit Sub-
Facility, primarily to support the Company’s insurance programs.

Guarantees
      Obligations under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by the Company and substantially all of its
existing and future wholly-owned material domestic subsidiaries, and are secured by first-priority security
interests in substantially all of the assets of the Company, Intermediate Holdings, and the subsidiary
guarantors, including, without limitation, a pledge by the Company of its equity interest in Intermediate
Holdings.

Interest and Fees
      Loans under the Credit Agreement will initially bear interest, at the Company's option, either at the
Term SOFR (with a floor of 0.00%) plus a 0.10% SOFR adjustment and 1.00% per annum or base rate
(with a floor of 0.00%) plus 0.00% per annum. The interest rate margins are subject to upward
adjustments pursuant to a pricing grid based on the Company’s total net leverage ratio as set forth in the
Credit Agreement and to upward or downward adjustments of up to 0.05% based upon the achievement
of certain diversity and sustainability-linked metric thresholds, as set forth in the Credit Agreement.
      Under the terms of the Credit Agreement, the Company is obligated to pay a commitment fee on the
available unused amount of the commitments, which commitment fee ranges between 0.10% to 0.225%
per annum, pursuant to a pricing grid based on the Company’s total net leverage ratio. The commitment
fees are subject to upward or downward adjustments of up to 0.01% based upon the achievement of
certain diversity and sustainability-linked metric thresholds, as set forth in the Credit Agreement.
     As of January 1, 2023, loans outstanding under the Credit Agreement bore interest at Term SOFR
(as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus a 0.10% SOFR adjustment and 1.00% per annum.
      As of January 1, 2023, outstanding letters of credit issued under the Credit Agreement were subject
to a participation fee of 1.00% per annum and an issuance fee of 0.125% per annum.

Payments and Borrowings
    The Credit Agreement is scheduled to mature, and the commitments thereunder will terminate on
March 25, 2027, subject to extensions as set forth therein.
     The Company may prepay loans and permanently reduce commitments under the Credit
Agreement at any time in agreed-upon minimum principal amounts, without premium or penalty (except
SOFR breakage costs, if applicable).
    In connection with the execution of the Credit Agreement, the Company's obligations under the
Former Credit Facility were prepaid and terminated.
     During 2022, the Company made no additional borrowings or principal payments, other than the net
change of $62.5 million in the composition of the lending syndicate associated with a modification of the
Company's revolving credit facility on March 25, 2022, resulting in total outstanding debt under the Credit
Agreement of $250.0 million as of January 1, 2023.
       Subsequent to January 1, 2023, the Company made a $25.0 million principal payment, resulting in
total outstanding debt under the Credit Agreement of $225.0 million as of February 28, 2023.




                                                      79
Covenants
     The Credit Agreement contains financial, affirmative and negative covenants. The negative
covenants include, among other things, limitations on the Company’s ability to:
     •      incur additional indebtedness;
     •      grant additional liens;
     •      enter into sale-leaseback transactions;
     •      make loans or investments;
     •      merge, consolidate or enter into acquisitions;
     •      pay dividends or distributions;
     •      enter into transactions with affiliates;
     •      enter into new lines of business;
     •      modify the terms of debt or other material agreements; and
     •      change its fiscal year.

     Each of these covenants is subject to customary and other agreed-upon exceptions.

      In addition, the Credit Agreement requires that the Company and its subsidiaries maintain a
maximum total net leverage ratio not to exceed 3.75 to 1.00, which ratio may be increased from time to
time in connection with certain permitted acquisitions pursuant to conditions as set forth in the Credit
Agreement, and a minimum interest coverage ratio not to be less than 3.00 to 1.00. Each of these
covenants is tested on the last day of each fiscal quarter.

     The Company was in compliance with all applicable covenants under the Credit Agreement as of
January 1, 2023.
Former Credit Facility
      On March 27, 2018, Intermediate Holdings, as borrower, entered into the Former Credit Facility that
provided for a revolving credit facility with an initial aggregate commitment of $700.0 million, subject to an
expansion feature set forth therein. The Former Credit Facility also provided for a letter of credit subfacility
and a $15.0 million swingline facility.
     The Former Credit Facility was scheduled to mature, and the commitments thereunder were
scheduled to terminate, on March 27, 2023.
      Loans under the Former Credit Facility bore interest at LIBOR plus a spread between 1.25% and
2.00% per annum or prime plus a spread between 0.25% and 1.00%. The interest rate spreads were
subject to adjustment pursuant to a pricing grid based on the Company’s total net leverage ratio, as
defined in the Former Credit Facility. Under the terms of the Former Credit Facility, the Company was
obligated to pay a commitment fee on the available unused amount of the commitments between 0.15%
to 0.30% per annum, also pursuant to a pricing grid based on the Company’s total net leverage ratio.
Outstanding letters of credit were subject to a participation fee between 1.25% and 2.00% per annum
pursuant to a pricing grid based on the Company's total net leverage ratio and an issuance fee of 0.125%
per annum.




                                                       80
14. Other Long-Term Liabilities
     A summary of other long-term liabilities is as follows:

                                                                                               As Of
                                                                                January 1, 2023    January 2, 2022
Long-term portion of self-insurance reserves                                    $          23,658     $          23,393
Other                                                                                      12,682                12,913
Total                                                                           $          36,340     $          36,306


15. Self-Insurance Programs
     The Company is self-insured for costs related to workers’ compensation, general liability and
employee health benefits up to certain self-insured retentions and stop-loss limits. The Company
establishes reserves for the ultimate obligation of reported and incurred but not reported (“IBNR”) claims.
IBNR claims are estimated using various techniques, including analysis of historical trends and actuarial
valuation methods.

       The Company purchases coverage from third-party insurers for exposures in excess of certain stop-
loss limits and recorded receivables of $1.2 million and $1.6 million from its insurance carriers for
payments expected to be made in excess of self-insured retentions at January 1, 2023 and January 2,
2022, respectively. The Company recorded amounts for general liability, workers' compensation and team
member health benefit liabilities of $47.6 million and $50.5 million at January 1, 2023 and January 2,
2022, respectively.

     The following table summarizes the changes in the Company's self-insurance reserves through
January 1, 2023:

                                                                                     Year Ended
                                                              January 1, 2023       January 2, 2022       January 3, 2021
Beginning Balance                                         $           50,529 $              48,518 $             46,863
Expenses, net of actuarial adjustments                                76,720                85,892               86,786
Claim Payments                                                       (79,637)              (83,881)             (85,131)
Ending Balance                                                        47,612                50,529               48,518
Less: Current portion                                                (23,954)              (27,136)             (25,227)
Long-term portion                                         $           23,658 $              23,393 $             23,291


     The current portion of the self-insurance reserves is included in "Accrued Liabilities" and the long-
term portion is included in "Other Long-Term Liabilities" in the accompanying consolidated balance
sheets.




                                                     81
16. Defined Contribution Plan
      The Company maintains the Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. Employee 401(k) Savings Plan (the
“Plan”), which is a defined contribution plan covering all eligible team members. Under the provisions of
the Plan, participants may direct the Company to defer a portion of their compensation to the Plan,
subject to the Internal Revenue Code limitations. The Company provides for an employer matching
contribution equal to 50% of each dollar contributed by the participants up to 6% of their eligible
compensation.

     Total expense recorded for the matching under the Plan:

                                                  Year Ended
          January 1, 2023                       January 2, 2022                           January 3, 2021
$                           7,820   $                               7,517     $                              6,588
17. Income Taxes
Income Tax Provision
     The income tax provision consists of the following:

                                                                          Year Ended
                                              January 1, 2023           January 2, 2022          January 3, 2021
U.S. Federal—current                      $                66,398   $              60,329 $                 63,957
U.S. Federal—deferred                                       1,028                  (1,663)                   3,725
U.S. Federal—total                                         67,426                  58,666                   67,682
State—current                                              19,823                  19,715                   20,442
State—deferred                                                900                    (146)                   1,304
State—total                                                20,723                  19,569                   21,746
Total provision                           $                88,149   $              78,235 $                 89,428


Tax Rate Reconciliation
      Income tax provision differed from the amounts computed by applying the U.S. federal income tax
rate to pre-tax income as a result of the following:

                                                                              Year Ended
                                                     January 1, 2023        January 2, 2022       January 3, 2021
Federal statutory rate                                            21.0%                21.0%                 21.0%
Increase (decrease) in income taxes resulting
from:
   State income taxes, net of federal benefit                      4.7                  4.8                   4.6
   Enhanced charitable contribution impact                        (0.9)                (1.5)                 (1.0)
   Amended returns                                                  —                  (0.2)                 (1.0)
   Benefit of federal tax credit                                  (0.5)                (0.4)                 (0.9)
   Other, net                                                      0.9                  0.6                   1.0
Effective income tax rate                                         25.2%                24.3%                 23.7%




                                                      82
      The effective income tax rate increased to 25.2% in 2022 from 24.3% in 2021 primarily due to
decreased charitable contribution deductions in 2022 from the lapsing of benefits initially provided for in
the CARES Act. The effective income tax rate increased to 24.3% in 2021 from 23.7% in 2020 primarily
due to benefits recognized from amended returns in 2020, partially offset by increased charitable
contribution deductions in 2021.

      Excess tax benefits or detriments associated with share-based payment awards are recognized as
income tax benefits or expense in the income statement. The tax effects of exercised or vested awards
are treated as discrete items in the reporting period in which they occur. The income tax benefit resulting
from share-based awards was $1.7 million and $0.2 million for 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is
reflected as a reduction to the 2022 and 2021 income tax provision. The income tax detriment resulting
from share-based awards was $0.5 million for 2020 and is reflected as an increase to the 2020 income
tax provision.




                                                     83
Deferred Taxes
      Significant components of the Company’s deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are as
follows:

                                                                                             As Of
                                                                              January 1, 2023    January 2, 2022
Deferred tax assets
  Employee benefits                                                          $       16,052 $           17,543
  Tax credits                                                                           166                228
  Operating leases                                                                  329,154            320,650
  Other lease related                                                                 5,740              5,881
  Other accrued liabilities                                                           4,004              4,283
  Charitable contribution carryforward                                                2,819              1,781
  Inventories and other                                                               2,605              3,206
      Total gross deferred tax assets                                               360,540            353,572
      Less: Valuation Allowance                                                        (917)                —
      Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance                         359,623            353,572
Deferred tax liabilities
  Depreciation and amortization                                                     (83,091)           (88,970)
  Intangible assets                                                                 (52,413)           (45,978)
  Operating leases                                                                 (284,377)          (275,509)
  Asset retirement obligations                                                         (865)            (1,010)
      Total gross deferred tax liabilities                                         (420,746)          (411,467)
      Net deferred tax liability                                             $      (61,123) $         (57,895)

     A valuation allowance is established for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that these
items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits, or that the realization of future
deductions is uncertain.

       Management performs an assessment over future taxable income to analyze whether it is more
likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate
realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the
periods in which those temporary differences become deductible.

      The valuation allowance was $0.9 million as of January 1, 2023, related to contribution
carryforwards that management does not believe will ultimately be realized. There was no valuation
allowance as of January 2, 2022.

      The Company has evaluated all available positive and negative evidence and believes it is probable
that all other the deferred tax assets will be realized and has not recorded any other valuation allowance
against the Company’s deferred tax assets as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022.




                                                      84
      The Company applies the authoritative accounting guidance under ASC 740 for the recognition,
measurement, classification and disclosure of uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a
tax return.

     A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amounts of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:

                                                                                       As Of
                                                                    January 1,       January 2,       January 3,
                                                                      2023             2022             2021
Beginning balance                                               $        1,770   $        1,803   $        1,343
Additions based on tax positions related to the
 current year                                                               43               16               16
Additions based on tax positions related to prior years                     —                31              647
Reductions for settlements with taxing authorities                        (694)              —                —
Reductions for tax positions for prior years                                —               (80)            (203)
Ending balance                                                  $        1,119 $          1,770 $          1,803

     The Company had unrecognized tax benefits (tax effected) of $1.1 million and $1.8 million as of
January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022, respectively. These would impact the effective tax rate if
recognized.

     The Company’s policy is to recognize accrued interest and penalties as a component of income tax
expense.

     The Company does not anticipate a decrease in the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits
during the next twelve months.

     The Company files income tax returns with federal and state tax authorities within the United States.
The general statute of limitations for income tax examinations remains open for federal tax returns for tax
years 2017 through 2021 and state tax returns for the tax years 2018 through 2021.


18. Related Party Transactions

      On May 24, 2022, the Company appointed a new member to its board of directors who is an
executive officer of a company that is a supplier of nutrition bars and related products to the Company for
resale. Since the beginning of the second quarter of 2022, the cost of sales recognized from this supplier
was $3.4 million. The Company did not enter into any material related party transactions during 2021.


19. Commitments and Contingencies
Commitments
     Real estate obligations, which include legally binding minimum lease payments for leases executed
but not yet commenced, were $504.5 million as of January 1, 2023.

      In addition to its lease obligations, the Company maintains certain purchase commitments with
various vendors to ensure its operational needs are fulfilled. As of January 1, 2023, total future purchase
commitments under noncancelable service and supply contracts were $19.8 million.

      Commitments related to the Company’s business operations cover varying periods of time and are
not individually significant. These commitments are expected to be fulfilled with no adverse
consequences to the Company’s operations or financial conditions.




                                                     85
Contingencies
      The Company is exposed to claims and litigation matters arising in the ordinary course of business
and uses various methods to resolve these matters that are believed to best serve the interests of the
Company’s stakeholders. The Company’s primary contingencies are associated with self-insurance
obligations and litigation matters. Self-insurance liabilities require significant judgments, and actual claim
settlements and associated expenses may differ from the Company’s current provisions for loss. See
Note 15, “Self-Insurance Programs” for more information.

“Phishing” Scam Actions
       In April 2016, four complaints were filed, two in the federal courts of California, one in the Superior
Court of California and one in the federal court in the District of Colorado, each on behalf of a purported
class of the Company’s current and former team members whose personally identifiable information
(“PII”) was inadvertently disclosed to an unauthorized third party that perpetrated an email “phishing”
scam against one of the Company’s team members. The complaints alleged the Company failed to
properly safeguard the PII in accordance with applicable law. The complaints sought damages on behalf
of the purported class in unspecified amounts, attorneys’ fees and litigation expenses. On March 1, 2019,
a number of individual plaintiffs filed arbitration demands. On May 15, 2019, certain other plaintiffs filed a
second amended class action complaint in the District of Arizona, alleging that certain subclasses of team
members are not subject to the Company’s arbitration agreement and attempted to pursue those team
members’ claims in federal court. In late August 2019, the Company reached an agreement in principle to
settle the majority of these claims, which were funded in the fourth quarter of 2019. Primary funding for
the settlement came from the Company’s cyber insurance policy, and the settlement did not have a
material impact on the consolidated financial statements. Following the group settlement, three (3)
individual claimants planned to proceed with arbitration of their claims. The three individual arbitrations
were settled in late June and early July 2020, with immaterial settlement amounts fully funded by the
Company’s cyber insurance policy.

Proposition 65 Coffee Action
       On April 13, 2010, an organization named Council for Education and Research on Toxics (“CERT”)
filed a lawsuit in the Superior Court of the State of California, County of Los Angeles, against nearly 80
defendants who manufacture, package, distribute or sell brewed coffee, including the Company. CERT
alleged that the defendants failed to provide warnings for their coffee products of exposure to the
chemical acrylamide as required under California Health and Safety Code section 25249.5, the California
Safe Drinking Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986, better known as Proposition 65. CERT seeks
equitable relief, including providing warnings to consumers of coffee products, as well as civil penalties.

      The Company, as part of a joint defense group, asserted multiple defenses against the lawsuit. On
May 7, 2018, the trial court issued a ruling adverse to defendants on these defenses to liability. On June
15, 2018, before the court tried damages, remedies and attorneys' fees, California’s Office of
Environmental Health Hazard Assessment (“OEHHA”) published a proposal to amend Proposition 65’s
implementing regulations by adding a stand-alone sentence that reads as follows: “Exposures to listed
chemicals in coffee created by and inherent in the processes of roasting coffee beans or brewing coffee
do not pose a significant risk of cancer.” The proposed regulation was finalized with an effective date of
October 1, 2019. The defendants amended their answers to assert the regulation as an affirmative
defense. On August 25, 2020, the trial court granted the defense motion for summary judgment on the
affirmative defense, and the case was dismissed.

      On November 20, 2020, CERT filed a notice of appeal to appeal the ruling on the defense motion
for summary judgment. On October 26, 2022, the appellate court affirmed the trial court's decision. In
December 2022, CERT appealed this ruling to the Supreme Court of the State of California, which denied
the petition for review in February 2023. Until the case is dismissed by the trial court, the Company is
unable to predict or reasonably estimate any potential loss or effect on the Company or its operations.
Accordingly, no loss contingency was recorded for this matter.



                                                      86
20. Capital Stock
Common stock
      As of January 1, 2023, 105,072,756 shares of the Company’s common stock were issued and
outstanding after the repurchase and retirement of 6,897,082 shares during 2022, as described below. As
of January 1, 2023, 6,623,638 shares of common stock are reserved for issuance under the 2022
Incentive Plan (see Note 26, “Share-Based Compensation”).
    The following table outlines the options exercised in exchange for the issuance of shares of
common stock during 2022, 2021 and 2020.

                                                                              Year Ended
                                                  January 1, 2023          January 2, 2022        January 3, 2021
Options exercised                                        218,509                   115,123                 59,561
Other share issuances under stock plans                  636,955                   462,173                440,956

Share Repurchases
      On March 2, 2022, the Company's board of directors authorized a new $600 million share
repurchase program for its common stock. The new authorization replaced the Company's then-existing
share repurchase authorization of $300 million that was due to expire on March 3, 2024, of which $99.8
million remained available upon its replacement. No further shares may be repurchased under the $300
million authorization. The following table outlines the common stock share repurchase programs
authorized by the Company’s board of directors and the related repurchase activity and available
authorization as of January 1, 2023:

                                                         Amount                   Cost of           Authorization
      Effective date           Expiration date          authorized             repurchases            available
March 3, 2021            March 2, 2022             $        300,000 $                200,200 $                 —
March 2, 2022            December 31, 2023         $        600,000 $                188,123 $            411,877

      The shares under the Company’s repurchase programs may be purchased on a discretionary basis
from time to time through the applicable expiration date, subject to general business and market
conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases, privately negotiated
transactions, or other means, including through Rule 10b5-1 trading plans. The board’s authorization of
the share repurchase programs does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of
common stock, and the repurchase programs may be commenced, suspended, or discontinued at any
time.

      Share repurchase activity under the Company’s repurchase programs for the periods indicated was
as follows (total cost in thousands):

                                                                                        Year Ended
                                                                         January 1, 2023          January 2, 2022
Number of common shares acquired                                               6,897,082                7,416,357
Average price per common share acquired                              $             28.99      $             25.40
Total cost of common shares acquired                                 $           199,980      $           188,343

     Shares purchased under the Company’s repurchase programs were subsequently retired and the
excess of the repurchase price over par value was charged to retained earnings.

      Subsequent to January 1, 2023 and through February 28, 2023, we repurchased an additional 2.0
million shares of common stock for $64.0 million.




                                                   87
Preferred Stock
      The Company’s board of directors is authorized, subject to limitations prescribed by Delaware law,
to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of the Company’s preferred stock in one or more series, to establish
from time to time the number of shares to be included in each series, to fix the designation, powers,
preferences, and rights of the shares of each series and any of its qualifications, limitations, or
restrictions, in each case without further action by the Company’s stockholders. The Company’s board of
directors can also increase or decrease the number of shares of any series of preferred stock, but not
below the number of shares of that series then outstanding. The Company’s board of directors may
authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the
voting power or other rights of the holders of the common stock. The issuance of preferred stock, while
providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among
other things, have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in control of the Company and
might adversely affect the market price of the Company’s common stock and the voting and other rights
of the holders of the Company’s common stock. The Company has no current plan to issue any shares of
preferred stock.


21. Net Income per Share
      The computation of basic net income per share is based on the number of weighted average shares
outstanding during the period. The computation of diluted net income per share includes the dilutive effect
of share equivalents consisting of incremental shares deemed outstanding from the assumed exercise of
options, unvested RSUs and unvested RSAs. PSAs are included in the computation of diluted net income
per share only to the extent that the underlying performance conditions are satisfied prior to the end of the
reporting period or would be satisfied if the end of the reporting period were the end of the related
performance period, and if the effect would be dilutive.

      A reconciliation of the numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted net income per share
calculations is as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts):

                                                                                  Year Ended
                                                              January 1, 2023   January 2, 2022    January 3, 2021
Basic net income per share:
   Net income                                             $         261,164 $          244,157 $          287,450
   Weighted average shares outstanding                              108,232            115,377            117,821
      Basic net income per share                          $            2.41 $             2.12 $             2.44
Diluted net income per share:
   Net income                                             $         261,164 $          244,157 $          287,450
   Weighted average shares outstanding -
     basic                                                          108,232            115,377            117,821
   Dilutive effect of share-based awards:
   Assumed exercise of options to purchase shares                         337               215                 16
   RSUs                                                                   394               390                341
   RSAs                                                                    —                 —                   9
   PSAs                                                                   176                95                 37
      Weighted average shares and
         equivalent shares outstanding                              109,139            116,077            118,224
      Diluted net income per share                        $            2.39 $             2.10 $             2.43




                                                     88
      For the year ended January 1, 2023, the Company had 0.2 million options and 0.3 million PSAs
outstanding which were excluded from the computation of diluted net income per share as those awards
would have been antidilutive or were performance awards with performance conditions not yet deemed
met. For the year ended January 2, 2022 the Company had 0.5 million options and 0.3 million PSAs
outstanding which were excluded from the computation of diluted net income per share as those awards
would have been antidilutive or were performance awards with performance conditions not yet deemed
met. For the year ended January 3, 2021, the Company had 0.2 million options, 0.1 million RSUs and 0.3
million PSAs outstanding which were excluded from the computation of diluted net income per share as
those awards would have been antidilutive or were performance awards with performance conditions not
yet deemed met.


22. Derivative Financial Instruments
      The Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement in December 2017 to manage its cash
flow associated with variable interest rates. This forward contract was designated and qualified as a cash
flow hedge, and its change in fair value was recorded as a component of other comprehensive income
and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods in which the forecasted transaction occurred.
The forward contract consisted of five cash flow hedges, of which none remained outstanding as of
January 1, 2023. To qualify as a hedge, the Company needs to formally document, designate and assess
the effectiveness of the transactions that receive hedge accounting.

      The notional dollar amount of the one outstanding swap at January 2, 2022 was $250.0 million,
under which the Company paid a fixed rate and received a variable rate of interest (cash flow swap). The
cash flow swap hedged the change in interest rates on debt related to fluctuations in interest rates, had a
length of one year and matured in 2022. This interest rate swap had been designated and qualified as a
cash flow hedge and had met the requirements to assume zero ineffectiveness. The Company reviewed
the effectiveness of its hedging instruments on a quarterly basis. During the first quarter of 2022, the
Company elected to apply certain hedge accounting optional expedients allowed under Topic 848. The
expedients allowed the Company to continue the method of assessing effectiveness as documented in
the original hedge documentation and allowed the reference rate on the hypothetical derivative to match
the reference rate on the hedging instrument.

     The counterparties to these derivative financial instruments were major financial institutions. The
Company evaluated the credit ratings of the financial institutions and believed that credit risk was at an
acceptable level.

     The following table summarizes the fair value of the Company’s derivative instruments:

                                                                                           As Of
                                      Balance Sheet Location            January 1, 2023            January 2, 2022

   Interest rate swaps                Accrued liabilities           $                     — $                  5,107

      The gain or loss on these derivative instruments was recognized in other comprehensive income,
net of tax, with the portion related to current period interest payments reclassified to interest expense, net
on the consolidated statements of income. The following table summarizes these losses for 2022, 2021
and 2020:

                                                                             Year Ended
                                                      January 1, 2023       January 2, 2022         January 3, 2021
Consolidated Statements of
 Income Classification
  Interest expense, net                           $              2,021 $                  5,778 $              4,307




                                                       89
23. Comprehensive Income
     The following table presents the changes in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) for the
year ended January 1, 2023:

                                                                                                Cash Flow
                                                                                                 Hedges
Balance at January 3, 2021                                                                 $           (8,474)
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
Unrealized gains on cash flow hedging activities, net of income tax of $3,116                           9,009
Reclassification of net losses on cash flow hedges to net income, net of income
  tax of ($1,485)                                                                                      (4,293)
   Total other comprehensive income (loss)                                                              4,716
Balance at January 2, 2022                                                                 $           (3,758)
Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax
Unrealized gains on cash flow hedging activities, net of income tax of $1,819                           5,259
Reclassification of net losses on cash flow hedges to net income, net of income
  tax of ($520)                                                                                        (1,501)
   Total other comprehensive income (loss)                                                              3,758
Balance at January 1, 2023                                                                 $               —

      Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) to net income are
included within interest expense, net on the consolidated statements of income.

24. Fair Value Measurements
       The Company records its financial assets and liabilities in accordance with the framework for
measuring fair value in accordance with GAAP. This framework establishes a fair value hierarchy that
prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value:

     Level 1: Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets.

       Level 2: Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar
instruments in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs and
significant value drivers are observable in active markets.

       Level 3: Valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or
significant value drivers are unobservable.

      Fair value measurements of nonfinancial assets and nonfinancial liabilities are primarily used in the
valuation of derivative instruments and the impairment analysis of goodwill, intangible assets, and long-
lived assets.

      The following tables present the Company’s fair value hierarchy for the Company’s financial assets
and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of January 1, 2023 and January 2, 2022:

                   January 1, 2023                       Level 1         Level 2     Level 3         Total
   Long-term debt                                    $             — $   250,000 $             — $   250,000
    Total financial liabilities                      $             — $   250,000 $             — $   250,000

                   January 2, 2022                       Level 1         Level 2     Level 3         Total
   Long-term debt                                    $             — $   250,000 $             — $   250,000
   Interest rate swap liability                                    —       5,107               —       5,107
     Total financial liabilities                     $             — $   255,107 $             — $   255,107




                                                      90
     The Company’s interest rate swaps are considered Level 2 in the hierarchy and are valued using an
income approach. Expected future cash flows are converted to a present value amount based on market
expectations of the yield curve on floating interest rates, which is readily available on public markets.

      The determination of fair values of certain tangible and intangible assets for purposes of the
Company’s goodwill or long-lived asset impairment evaluation as described above is based upon Level 3
inputs. When necessary, the Company uses third party market data and market participant assumptions
to derive the fair value of its asset groupings, which primarily include right-of-use lease assets and
property and equipment. For further details, see Note 3, “Significant Accounting Policies – Impairment of
Long-lived Assets”.

     Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other
current assets, accounts payable, accrued liabilities, and accrued salaries and benefits approximate fair
value because of the short maturity of those instruments. Based on comparable open market
transactions, the fair value of the long-term debt approximated carrying value as of January 1, 2023 and
January 2, 2022.


25. Segments
     The Company has one reportable and one operating segment, healthy grocery stores.

     In accordance with ASC 606, the following table represents a disaggregation of revenue for 2022,
2021 and 2020.

                                                              Year Ended
                                  January 1, 2023           January 2, 2022           January 3, 2021
Perishables                   $ 3,717,642       58.0% $ 3,518,181           57.7% $ 3,700,878       57.2%
Non-Perishables                 2,686,581       42.0%   2,581,688           42.3%   2,767,881       42.8%
   Net Sales                  $ 6,404,223      100.0% $ 6,099,869          100.0% $ 6,468,759      100.0%

      The Company categorizes the varieties of products it sells as perishable and non-perishable.
Perishable product categories include produce, meat, seafood, deli, bakery, floral and dairy and dairy
alternatives. Non-perishable product categories include grocery, vitamins and supplements, bulk items,
frozen foods, beer and wine, and natural health and body care.
26. Share-Based Compensation
2022 Incentive Plan
     In March 2022, the Company’s board of directors adopted the Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. 2022
Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (the “2022 Incentive Plan”), which became effective May 25,
2022, upon approval by the Company’s stockholders. The 2022 Incentive Plan provides team members of
the Company, certain consultants and advisors who perform services for the Company, and non-
employee members of the Company's board of directors with the opportunity to receive grants of equity
awards, including stock options, RSUs, PSAs, and other stock-based awards. The 2022 Incentive Plan
replaced the 2013 Incentive Plan (as described below).




                                                    91
Awards Granted under the 2022 Incentive Plan

The Company granted the following awards during 2022 under the 2022 Incentive Plan:

Grant Date                                                        RSUs           PSAs            Options
June 7, 2022                                                        58,057              —                  —
September 7, 2022                                                   21,598              —                  —
October 10, 2022                                                     6,506              —                  —
Total                                                               86,161              —                  —
Weighted-average grant date fair value                        $      27.74   $          —    $             —
Weighted-average exercise price                                         —               —                  —
       The aggregate number of shares of common stock that may be issued to team members and
directors under the 2022 Incentive Plan may not exceed 6,600,000, subject to the following adjustments.
If any awards granted under the 2022 Incentive Plan, terminate, expire, or are cancelled, forfeited,
exchanged, or surrendered without having been exercised, vested or paid in shares, the shares will again
be available for purposes of the 2022 Incentive Plan. In addition, the number of shares subject to
outstanding awards under the Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. 2013 Incentive Plan (the “2013 Incentive
Plan”) that terminate, expire, are paid in cash, or are cancelled, forfeited, exchanged, or surrendered
without having been exercised, vested, or paid in shares under the 2013 Incentive Plan after the effective
date of the 2022 Incentive Plan will be available for issuance under the 2022 Incentive Plan. As of
January 1, 2023, there were 86,161 stock awards outstanding and 6,623,638 shares remaining available
for issuance under the 2022 Incentive Plan.

2013 Incentive Plan
      Prior to the adoption of the 2022 Incentive Plan, the 2013 Incentive Plan served as the umbrella
plan for the Company’s share-based and cash-based incentive compensation programs for its directors,
officers and other team members. Upon stockholder approval of the 2022 Incentive Plan on May 25,
2022, no further awards will be granted under the 2013 Incentive Plan, but awards outstanding under the
2013 Incentive Plan will remain outstanding in accordance with their terms and the terms of the 2013
Incentive Plan.

Awards Granted under the 2013 Incentive Plan

      The Company granted the following awards during 2022 and 2021 under the 2013 Incentive Plan:

Grant Date                                                        RSUs           PSAs            Options
March 15, 2022                                                    370,177         147,846         211,352
March 21, 2022                                                    104,913          14,260          20,270
Total                                                             475,090         162,106         231,622
Weighted-average grant date fair value                        $     31.60    $      31.52    $      10.58
Weighted-average exercise price                                        —               —     $      31.52

Grant Date                                                        RSUs           PSAs            Options
March 16, 2021                                                    356,503         178,780         404,016
June 9, 2021                                                       50,839              —            6,493
September 7, 2021                                                  25,579              —           11,128
September 20, 2021                                                168,137              —               —
Total                                                             601,058         178,780         421,637
Weighted-average grant date fair value                        $     24.11    $      24.42    $       7.66
Weighted-average exercise price                                        —               —     $      24.45

       The RSUs generally vest either one-third each year for three years or one-half each year for two
years for team members. RSUs granted to independent members of the Company’s board of directors
cliff vest in one year. The options expire seven years from grant date. The PSAs are described below.



                                                    92
Stock Options
      Outstanding options only become immediately vested in the event of a change in control (as defined
in the applicable team member award agreement) if the grants are not continued or assumed by the
acquirer on a substantially equivalent basis. If the options and awards continue or are assumed on a
substantially equivalent basis, but employment is terminated by the Company or an acquirer without
cause or by the team member for good reason (as such terms are defined in the applicable team member
award agreement) within 24 months following the change in control, such options or awards will become
immediately vested upon such termination. Under all other scenarios, the awards continue to vest per the
schedule outlined in the applicable award agreement.

     Shares issued for option exercises are newly issued shares.

     The estimated weighted average fair values of options granted during 2022, 2021 and 2020 were
$10.58, $7.66 and $4.94, respectively, and were calculated using the following assumptions in the table
below:

                                                                     2022                2021               2020
Dividend yield                                                            0.00%              0.00%              0.00%
Expected volatility                                                      36.59%             36.35%             34.80%
Risk free interest rate                                                   2.12%              0.83%              0.46%
Expected term, in years                                                   4.50               4.50               4.50

      The grant date weighted average fair value of the 1.0 million options issued but not vested as of
January 1, 2023 was $6.66. The grant date weighted average fair value of the 1.1 million options issued
but not vested as of January 2, 2022 was $5.81. The grant date weighted average fair value of the 1.1
million options issued but not vested as of January 3, 2021 was $5.00.

      The following table summarizes grant date weighted average fair value of options granted and
options forfeited:

                                                                                        Year Ended
                                                                     January 1,         January 2,         January 3,
                                                                       2023                2022              2021
Grant date weighted average fair value of options granted        $          10.58   $           7.66   $           4.94
Grant date weighted average fair value of options forfeited      $           8.66   $           7.10   $           8.94

        Expected volatility for option grants and modifications are calculated based upon the Company’s
historical volatility data over a time frame consistent with the expected life of the awards. The expected
term is estimated based on the expected period that the options are anticipated to be outstanding after
initial grant until exercise or expiration based upon various factors including the contractual terms of the
awards and vesting schedules. The expected risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve
rates in effect at the time of the grant using the term most consistent with the expected life of the award.
Dividend yield was estimated at zero as the Company does not anticipate making regular future
distributions to stockholders. The total intrinsic value of options exercised was $1.8 million, $0.7 million,
and $0.2 million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.




                                                      93
     The following table summarizes option activity during 2022:

                                                                                       Weighted
                                                                       Weighted        Average
                                                                       Average        Remaining           Aggregate
                                                     Number of         Exercise      Contractual           Intrinsic
                                                      Options           Price       Life (In Years)          Value
Outstanding at January 2, 2022                        1,362,907 $          19.81
Granted                                                 231,622            31.52
Forfeited                                               (57,862)           28.79
Exercised                                              (218,509)           23.08                    $          1,828
Outstanding at January 1, 2023                        1,318,158            20.93               4.73 $         13,295
Exercisable—January 1, 2023                             271,632            19.35               4.38 $          3,142
Vested/Expected to vest—January 1, 2023               1,318,158 $          20.93               4.73 $         13,295


RSUs
      Outstanding RSUs only become immediately vested in the event of a change in control (as defined
in the applicable team member award agreement) if the awards are not continued or assumed by the
acquirer on a substantially equivalent basis. If the awards continue or are assumed on a substantially
equivalent basis, but employment is terminated by the Company or an acquirer without cause or by the
team member for good reason (as such terms are defined in the applicable team member award
agreement) within 24 months following the change in control, such awards will become immediately
vested upon such termination. Under all other scenarios, the awards continue to vest per the schedule
outlined in the applicable award agreement.

     Shares issued for RSU vesting are newly issued shares.

      The fair value for restricted stock units is calculated based on the closing stock price on the date of
grant. The total grant date fair value of RSUs vested during 2022, 2021 and 2020 was $9.2 million, $8.8
million and $7.8 million, respectively.

     The following table summarizes the weighted average grant date fair value of RSUs awarded during
2022, 2021 and 2020:

                                                                                        Year Ended
                                                                     January 1,         January 2,        January 3,
                                                                       2023                2022             2021
RSUs awarded                                                     $        31.01     $        24.11    $        18.01

     The following table summarizes RSU activity during 2022:

                                                                                                      Weighted
                                                                                                       Average
                                                                                  Number of           Grant Date
                                                                                    RSUs              Fair Value
Outstanding at January 2, 2022                                                        928,672 $                21.89
Awarded                                                                               561,251                  31.01
Vested                                                                               (428,783)                 21.46
Forfeited                                                                             (88,557)                 26.62
Outstanding at January 1, 2023                                                        972,583 $                26.94




                                                      94
PSAs

      PSAs granted in March 2018 were subject to the Company achieving certain earnings before
interest and taxes ("EBIT") performance targets for the 2020 fiscal year. The criteria is based on a range
of performance targets in which grantees may earn 0% to 200% of the base number of awards granted.
The performance conditions with respect to 2020 EBIT were deemed to have been met, and the PSAs
vested on the third anniversary of the grant date (March 2021). During the year ended January 2, 2022,
31,544 of the 2018 PSAs vested. There were no outstanding 2018 PSAs as of January 1, 2023.

      PSAs granted in 2019 were subject to the Company achieving certain EBIT performance targets for
the 2021 fiscal year. The criteria is based on a range of performance targets in which grantees may earn
0% to 200% of the base number of awards granted. The performance conditions with respect to fiscal
year 2021 EBIT were deemed to have been met, and the PSAs vested at the maximum pay out level on
the third anniversary of the grant date (March 2022). During the year ended January 1, 2023, 208,172 of
the 2019 PSAs vested. There were no outstanding 2019 PSAs as of January 1, 2023.

      PSAs granted in 2020 were subject to the Company achieving certain earnings before taxes (“EBT”)
performance targets for the 2022 fiscal year. The criteria is based on a range of performance targets in
which grantees may earn 0% to 200% of the base number of awards granted. Subsequent to January 1,
2023, the performance conditions with respect to 2022 EBT were deemed to have been met, and the
PSAs will vest at the maximum pay out level on the third anniversary of the grant date (March 2023).

     PSAs granted in 2021 are subject to the Company achieving certain EBIT performance targets for
the 2023 fiscal year. The criteria is based on a range of performance targets in which grantees may earn
0% to 200% of the base number of awards granted. If performance conditions are met, the applicable
number of performance shares will vest on the third anniversary of the grant date (March 2024).

     PSAs granted in 2022 are subject to the Company achieving certain EBIT performance targets for
the 2024 fiscal year. The criteria is based on a range of performance targets in which grantees may earn
0% to 200% of the base number of awards granted. If performance conditions are met, the applicable
number of performance shares will vest on the third anniversary of the grant date (March 2025).

      The PSAs only become immediately vested in the event of a change in control (as defined in the
applicable team member award agreement) if the awards are not continued or assumed by the acquirer
on a substantially equivalent basis. If the awards continue or are assumed on a substantially equivalent
basis, but employment is terminated by the Company or an acquirer without cause or by the team
member for good reason (as such terms are defined in the applicable team member award agreement)
within 24 months following the change in control, such awards will become immediately vested upon such
termination. Under all other scenarios, the awards continue to vest per the schedule outlined in the
applicable team member award agreement.

     Shares issued for PSA vesting are newly issued shares.

     The fair value for PSAs is calculated based on the closing stock price on the date of grant.

       The total grant date fair value of PSAs granted during 2022 was $5.1 million. The total grant date
fair value of PSAs vested during 2022 was $4.1 million. The total grant date fair value of performance
shares forfeited or not earned during 2022 was $0.8 million. The total grant date fair value of the 0.5
million PSAs issued but not released as of January 1, 2023 was $11.1 million.




                                                     95
       The total grant date fair value of PSAs granted during 2021 was $4.8 million. The total grant date
fair value of PSAs vested during 2021 was $0.8 million. The total grant date fair value of performance
shares forfeited or not earned during 2021 was $1.0 million. The total grant date fair value of the 0.4
million PSAs issued but not released as of January 2, 2022 was $8.9 million.

       The total grant date fair value of PSAs granted during 2020 was $3.3 million. The total grant date
fair value of PSAs vested during 2020 was $0.6 million. The total grant date fair value of performance
shares forfeited or not earned during 2020 was $0.3 million. The total grant date fair value of the 0.3
million PSAs issued but not released as of January 3, 2021 was $5.8 million.

     The following table summarizes PSA activity during 2022:

                                                                                                 Weighted
                                                                                                  Average
                                                                                 Number of       Grant Date
                                                                                   PSAs          Fair Value
Outstanding at January 2, 2022                                                       432,729 $          20.51
Awarded                                                                              162,106            31.52
Vested                                                                              (208,172)           19.85
Forfeited                                                                            (30,643)           26.76
PSAs earned                                                                          104,086            19.85
PSAs not earned                                                                           —                —
Outstanding at January 1, 2023                                                       460,106 $          24.12


RSAs
      The fair value of RSAs is based on the closing price of the Company’s common stock on the grant
date. RSAs either vested ratably over a seven quarter period beginning on December 31, 2016, cliff
vested on June 30, 2018, or vested annually over three years.

     Shares issued for RSA vesting were newly issued shares. The fair value for restricted stock awards
was calculated based on the closing stock price on the date of grant.

     There were no RSAs granted during 2022, 2021 or 2020. There were no RSAs released in 2022 or
2021. The total grant date fair value of shares of restricted stock released upon vesting during 2020 was
$1.0 million. There were no RSAs forfeited in 2022, 2021 or 2020. There were no outstanding RSAs as of
January 1, 2023.

Share-Based Compensation Expense
     The Company presents share-based compensation expense in selling, general and administrative
expenses on the Company’s consolidated statements of income. The amount recognized was as follows:

                                                                                    Year Ended
                                                                    January 1,      January 2,     January 3,
                                                                      2023             2022          2021
Share-based compensation expense                                $       16,603 $        15,883 $       14,339
Income tax benefit                                                      (2,495)         (2,450)        (2,662)
Net share-based compensation expense                            $       14,108 $        13,433 $       11,677




                                                     96
     As of January 1, 2023, total unrecognized compensation expense and remaining weighted average
recognition period related to outstanding share-based awards were as follows:

                                                                                              Remaining
                                                                                               weighted
                                                                              Unrecognized      average
                                                                              compensation    recognition
                                                                                expense          period
Options                                                                   $          3,014              0.8
RSUs                                                                                15,992              1.5
PSAs                                                                                 2,112              1.2
Total unrecognized compensation expense at January 1, 2023                $         21,118

     During 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company received $5.0 million, $2.2 million and $1.3 million in
cash proceeds from the exercise of options, respectively.

     The Company recorded tax benefits of $1.7 million and $0.2 million during 2022 and 2021,
respectively, and recorded tax detriments of $0.5 million during 2020, resulting from share-based awards.

27. Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited)
       The Company identified an error in the financing activities section of its consolidated statements of
cash flows for the thirteen weeks ended April 3, 2022, the twenty-six weeks ended July 3, 2022, and the
thirty-nine weeks ended October 2, 2022, related to the presentation of proceeds from and repayments of
borrowings associated with a modification of the Company's revolving credit facility on March 25, 2022.
The correction did not have any impact on the previously reported consolidated balance sheets,
statements of income, or statements of comprehensive income for any of the impacted periods, nor did it
have any impact on total cash flows from operating activities, or used in investing or financing activities
for any of the impacted periods. Although the Company has determined that the item did not have a
material impact on its previously issued consolidated financial statements, the Company will revise its
2022 quarterly financial statements in conjunction with the issuance of its quarterly filings on Form 10-Q
for the thirteen, twenty-six, and thirty-nine week periods ended April 2, 2023, July 2, 2023, and October 1,
2023, respectively. The revised quarterly financial statements will reflect the proceeds from borrowings
under the revolving credit facility of $62.5 million as a cash inflow from financing activities and the
repayments of borrowings under the revolving credit facility of $62.5 million as a cash outflow from
financing activities.

28. Subsequent Events
      In February 2023, the Company's board of directors approved the closing of 11 stores. The closure
of these stores will result in an estimated charge in the range of $30 million to $40 million in total, the
majority of which will relate to the impairment of leasehold improvements and right-of-use assets and will
be reflected in the Company's consolidated financial statements for the first quarter of fiscal 2023. Other
associated costs including accelerated depreciation, severance and exit costs are included in that
estimate and will be primarily recognized in the first half of fiscal 2023.
      See Note 13, “Long-Term Debt and Finance Lease Liabilities” and Note 20, “Capital Stock" for
information on additional subsequent events.




                                                    97
Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure
     None.

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
      We maintain a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by
us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and is accumulated and
communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive officer)
and our Chief Financial Officer (our principal financial officer), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure.

      Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures under the Exchange Act as of
January 1, 2023, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based upon that
evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of January 1, 2023,
our disclosure controls and procedures were effective.

Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
      Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal
control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles.

      Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

      Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of January 1, 2023, using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013 Framework).
Based on this assessment, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting was effective as of January 1, 2023.

      PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, assessed the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of January 1, 2023, as stated in the firm’s
report which is included with the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on
Form 10-K.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
      There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
quarterly period ended January 1, 2023 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting.




                                                      98
Item 9B. Other Information
     Second Amended and Restated Bylaws

      On February 28, 2023, our board adopted and approved the second amended and restated bylaws
(the “Bylaws”), effective February 28, 2023, to:
     •     Require any stockholder delivering a director nomination notice to comply with Rule 14a-19(a)
           under the Exchange Act, certify that such stockholder has met the requirements of Rule 14a-
           19(a) and deliver reasonable evidence of such compliance to the Company;
     •     Require that the information provided in any director nomination notice or notice for any other
           business be updated and supplemented, if necessary, to be true and correct as of (i) the
           record date of the stockholder meeting and (ii) the date that is ten business days prior to the
           date of the stockholder meeting;
     •     Require stockholders nominating director candidates and any proposed nominee, or
           stockholders proposing other business, to furnish any additional information as may be
           reasonably required for the Board’s review within ten business days after it has been
           requested by the Board;
     •     Clarify that, if after a stockholder delivers a director nomination notice, such stockholder
           subsequently fails either (i) to comply with the requirements of Rule 14a-19 or (ii) provide
           satisfactory evidence of compliance to the Company, then such stockholder’s nomination(s)
           will be deemed null and void;
     •     Require that a stockholder directly or indirectly soliciting proxies from other stockholders use a
           proxy card color other than white; and
     •     Reflect updates to requirements about adjournment procedures and stockholder lists at
           stockholder meetings, consistent with recent amendments to the Delaware General
           Corporation Law.

      The foregoing description of the Bylaws does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its
entirety by reference to the complete text of the Bylaws, filed as Exhibit 3.2 to this Annual Report on Form
10-K and incorporated herein by reference.

     Annual Bonus Plan

      On February 28, 2023, the Compensation Committee of our board (the “Compensation Committee”)
approved the Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. Annual Bonus Plan (the “Cash Plan”). The Cash Plan
provides a means of rewarding employees designated as Participants with cash awards based on the
performance of the Company and, where appropriate, a Participant’s personal performance (“Awards”). A
copy of the Cash Plan is being filed as Exhibit 10.12 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and the
following summary is qualified in its entirety by the provisions of the Cash Plan. Capitalized terms used
without definition have the meanings set out in the Cash Plan.




                                                     99
      The Cash Plan shall be administered by, for each Participant that is an executive officer, the
Compensation Committee, and for other Participants, the Chief Executive Officer of the Company or other
executive designated by the Chief Executive Officer (the “Administrator”). The Administrator shall
determine the Participants for each Performance Period, each Participant’s Target Award and the
applicable Performance Goals. Performance Periods under the Cash Plan shall be the fiscal year of the
Company or any other period designated by the Administrator with respect to which an Award may be
earned. For any Performance Period, the Performance Goals selected by the Administrator may be goals
of the Company or the Participant, measured either individually, alternatively or in any combination, and
measured on an absolute basis or relative to one or more peer companies or indices or any combination
thereof. The criteria for the Performance Goals may include one or more of the criteria included in the
Cash Plan or such other criteria selected by the Administrator. A Participant will be eligible to earn an
Award for a Performance Period based on his or her Target Award and the level of achievement of the
Performance Goals; provided that the Administrator may increase or decrease the amount payable
pursuant to an Award in its sole discretion.

      The Administrator shall determine achievement of the Performance Goals and the Award, if any,
that will be paid by the Company to each Participant, as soon as practicable following the final
determination of the Company’s financial results for the relevant Performance Period. Payment of the
Awards determined by the Administrator shall be made in or around March of the calendar year
immediately following the last day of the relevant Performance Period. The Administrator may permit a
Participant to defer receipt of an Award, consistent with the applicable requirements of Section 409A of
the Code. No Participant shall have any right to receive payment of an Award under the Cash Plan for a
Performance Period unless the Participant remains in the employ of the Company through the payment
date for the Award unless otherwise determined by the Administrator.

    The Cash Plan is an unfunded incentive compensation plan and has no set expiration date. The
Compensation Committee may amend or terminate the Cash Plan at any time.

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection
     Not Applicable.




                                                   100
                                                    PART III

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
      The information required by this item will be contained in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed
with the SEC in connection with our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (referred to as the “Proxy
Statement”), which is expected to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended
January 1, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference.

      We have adopted a Code of Ethics – Principal Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers
(referred to as the “Code”) that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and
principal accounting officer and controller. The Code is publicly available on our website at
https://investors.sprouts.com/esg/governance-documents/.

     We will provide disclosure of future updates, amendments or waivers from the Code by posting
them to our investor relations website located at investors.sprouts.com. The information contained on or
accessible through our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Item 11. Executive Compensation
     The information required by this Item will be set forth in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated
herein by reference.

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
Stockholder Matters
     The information required by this Item will be set forth in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated
herein by reference.

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
     The information required by this Item will be set forth in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated
herein by reference.

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services
     The information required by this Item will be set forth in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated
herein by reference.

                                                   PART IV

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
     (a)   Documents filed as part of this report:
           1.    Financial Statements: The information concerning our financial statements and Report of
                 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm required by this Item is incorporated by
                 reference herein to the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K in Item 8, titled
                 “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”
           2.    Financial Statement Schedules: No schedules are required.
           3.    Exhibits: See Item 15(b) below.




                                                      101
    (b)   Exhibits:

Exhibit       Description
Number

 2.1          Plan of Conversion of Sprouts Farmers Markets, LLC (1)
 3.1          Certificate of Incorporation of Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. (1)
 3.2          Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc.

 4.1          Description of Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. Securities

10.1*         Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. 2013 Incentive Plan, amended as of May 1, 2015 (2)
10.1.1*       Form of Stock Option Agreement under Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. 2013 Incentive Plan
              (3)
10.1.2(a)*    Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. 2013
              Incentive Plan (3)
10.1.2(b)*    2019 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. 2013
              Incentive Plan for Chief Executive Officer (4)
10.1.2(c)*    2021 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. 2013
              Incentive Plan for Chief Financial Officer (5)
10.1.2(d)*    2022 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. 2013
              Incentive Plan for President and Chief Operating Officer (6)
10.1.3(a)*    2018 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement under Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc.
              2013 Incentive Plan (7)
10.1.3(b)*    2019 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement under Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc.
              2013 Incentive Plan (8)
10.1.3(c)*    2019 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement under Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc.
              2013 Incentive Plan for Chief Executive Officer (4)
10.1.3(d)*    2020 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement under Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc.
              2013 Incentive Plan (9)

10.1.3(e)*    2021 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement under Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc.
              2013 Incentive Plan (10)
10.1.3(f)*    2022 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement under Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc.
              2013 Incentive Plan (11)
10.1.4*       Form Notice of Amendment to Outstanding Awards granted under the Sprouts Farmers
              Market, Inc. 2013 Incentive Plan (12)
10.2*         Offer Letter, dated August 31, 2021, from Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. to Lawrence
              “Chip” Molloy (13)
10.2.1*       Severance Agreement, dated September 19, 2021, by and between Sprouts Farmers
              Market, Inc. and Lawrence “Chip” Molloy (5)
10.3†         Distribution Agreement, dated as of July 18, 2018, by and between SFM, LLC dba Sprouts
              Farmers Market and KeHE Distributors, LLC (14)
10.4*         Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. and its
              directors and officers (15)




                                                  102
10.5          Credit Agreement, dated as of March 25, 2022, among Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc.,
              Sprouts Farmers Markets Holdings, LLC, the lenders named therein, Bank of America,
              N.A., as administrative agent, issuing bank and swingline lender, JPMorgan Chase Bank,
              N.A., as sustainability structuring agent, BMO Capital Markets Corp., JPMorgan Chase
              Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC as syndication agents, Truist Bank and PNC
              Bank, N.A. as documentation agents, and BofA Securities, Inc., BMO Capital Markets
              Corp., JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. and Wells Fargo Securities, LLC as joint bookrunners
              and joint lead arrangers (16)
10.6*         Form of Confidentiality, Non-Competition, and Non-Solicitation Agreement (17)
10.7*         Amended and Restated Executive Severance and Change in Control Plan (18)
10.8†         Deli, Cheese, and Bakery Distribution Agreement, dated as of February 12, 2016, by and
              between SFM, LLC dba Sprouts Farmers Market and KeHE Distributors, LLC (19)
10.9*         Offer Letter from Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc., to Nicholas Konat, dated January 25,
              2022 (6)
10.10*        Letter Agreement between Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. and Gil Phipps, dated February
              18, 2022 (6)
10.10.1*      Letter Agreement, dated May 25, 2022, by and between Sprouts Farmers Market and Gil
              Phipps (12)
10.11*        Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. 2022 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (12)
10.11.1(a)*   Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. 2022
              Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (12)
10.11.1(b)*   Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under the Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. 2022
              Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan for Board of Directors
10.11.2*      2022 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement under the Sprouts Farmers Market,
              Inc. 2022 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (12)
10.11.13*     Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under the Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. 2022
              Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan(12)
10.12*        Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. Annual Bonus Plan
21.1          List of subsidiaries
23.1          Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent registered accounting firm
31.1          Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
              of 2002
31.2          Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act
              of 2002
32.1          Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted
              pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
32.2          Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted
              pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002




                                                 103
 101.INS         Inline XBRL Instance Document
 101.SCH         Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
 101.CAL         Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
 101.DEF         Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
 101.LAB         Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document
 101.PRE         Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document
 104             Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document)


† Portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been omitted pursuant to a request for confidential treatment
previously submitted separately to the SEC.
* Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement.
(1)   Filed as an exhibit to Amendment No. 4 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-
      188493) filed with the SEC on July 29, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference.
(2)   Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 5, 2015, and
      incorporated herein by reference.
(3)   Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 7, 2015, and
      incorporated herein by reference.
(4)   Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 1, 2019,
      and incorporated herein by reference.
(5)   Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 22, 2021,
      and incorporated herein by reference.
(6)   Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 24, 2022,
      and incorporated herein by reference
(7)   Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 3, 2018, and
      incorporated herein by reference.
(8)   Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 2, 2019, and
      incorporated herein by reference.
(9)   Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 5, 2020, and
      incorporated herein by reference.
(10) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 6, 2021, and
      incorporated herein by reference.
(11) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 4, 2022, and
      incorporated herein by reference.
(12) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 27, 2022, and
      incorporated herein by reference.
(13) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 31, 2021, and
      incorporated herein by reference.
(14) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q/A filed with the SEC on April 1, 2019, and
      incorporated herein by reference.
(15) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-188493) filed with the
      SEC on May 9, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference.
(16) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 25, 2022, and
      incorporated herein by reference.
(17) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 6, 2015,
      and incorporated herein by reference.
(18) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 2020,
      and incorporated herein by reference.
(19) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 4, 2016,
      and incorporated herein by reference.


Item 16. Form 10-K Summary
       None.




                                                        104
                                             SIGNATURES

      Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized.

                                                          SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET, INC.

Date: March 2, 2023                                       By:    /s/ Lawrence P. Molloy
                                                          Name: Lawrence P. Molloy
                                                          Title: Chief Financial Officer

      Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed
below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated.

                 Signature                                  Title                            Date

            /s/ Jack L. Sinclair             Director and Chief Executive Officer      March 2, 2023
              Jack L. Sinclair               (Principal Executive Officer)

          /s/ Lawrence P. Molloy             Chief Financial Officer                   March 2, 2023
           Lawrence P. Molloy                (Principal Financial Officer)

          /s/ Stacy W. Hilgendorf            Vice President, Controller                March 2, 2023
           Stacy W. Hilgendorf               (Principal Accounting Officer)

           /s/ Joseph Fortunato              Chairman of the Board                     March 2, 2023
            Joseph Fortunato
           /s/ Joel D. Anderson              Director                                  March 2, 2023
             Joel D. Anderson
             /s/ Hari K. Avula               Director                                  March 2, 2023
               Hari K. Avula
            /s/ Kristen E. Blum              Director                                  March 2, 2023
             Kristen E. Blum
          /s/ Terri Funk Graham              Director                                  March 2, 2023
            Terri Funk Graham
          /s/ Joseph D. O’Leary              Director                                  March 2, 2023
            Joseph D. O’Leary
          /s/ Douglas G. Rauch               Director                                  March 2, 2023
            Douglas G. Rauch




                                                  105
[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
                                                                     ABOUT SPROUTS
OUR EXECUTIVE TEAM                           OUR BOARD                                                                                      VIRTUAL ANNUAL MEETING
Jack Sinclair                                Joseph Fortunato, Chairman of the Board; Operating Partner, Prospect Hills Growth              May 24, 2023 - 8 a.m. PDT
Chief Executive Oﬃcer                        Partners, L.P.; Former Chairman and Chief Executive Oﬃcer, GNC Holdings, Inc.                  Via webcast at
Nick Konat                                                                                                                                  www.virtualshareholdermeeting.com/SFM2023
President and Chief Operating Oﬃcer          Joel Anderson, President, Chief Executive Oﬃcer and Director of Five Below, Inc.
                                                                                                                                            STOCK LISTING
Lawrence “Chip” Molloy                       Hari Avula, Former Executive Vice President and Chief Financial & Strategy                     NASDAQ Global Select Market: SFM
Chief Financial Oﬃcer                        Oﬃcer, Clif Bar & Company                                                                      TRANSFER AGENT
Scott Neal                                                                                                                                  American Stock Transfer & Trust Co.
                                             Kristen Blum, Former Senior Vice President and Chief Information Oﬃcer,                        Shareholder Services: 800-937-5449
Chief Merchandising Oﬃcer
                                             PepsiCo, Inc.-Latin America                                                                    astﬁnancial.com
Dan Sanders
Chief Store Operations Oﬃcer                 Terri Funk Graham, Branding Strategy Consultant; Former Senior Vice President                  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR
                                             and Chief Marketing Oﬃcer, Jack in the Box, Inc.                                               PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
Dave McGlinchey
Chief Strategy Oﬃcer
                                             Joseph O’Leary, Former President and Chief Operating Oﬃcer, PetSmart, Inc.                     INVESTOR RELATIONS
                                                                                                                                            investorrelations@sprouts.com
Brandon Lombardi
Chief Legal Oﬃcer                            Doug Rauch, President, Daily Table; Former President, Trader Joe’s Company                     SUPPORT OFFICE
Alisa Gmelich                                                                                                                               5455 E. High Street, Suite 111, Phoenix, AZ 85054
                                             Jack Sinclair, Chief Executive Oﬃcer, Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc.                             480-814-8016
SVP, Chief Marketing Oﬃcer



This Annual Report contains “forward-looking statements” that reﬂect our current views about future events and involve known risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our ac-
tual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievement to be materially diﬀerent from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. For more information, see the section
titled “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements” included in the Annual Report on Form 10-K included herewith.
