                        ~ A MESSAGE FROM THE ~




                             ~ AMIN MAREDIA ~




                                                                 always emphasizing health and value, and challenging
                                                                 ourselves even further to enhance our unique shopping
                                                                 experience and increase customer engagement outside
                                                                 our stores. We plan to expand home delivery to additional
                                                                 markets with Amazon Prime Now and will launch a mobile
                                                                 coupon app, which will help customers save even more
                                                                 when shopping their favorite store. We will accelerate our
                                                                 responsible retailing initiatives, where we’ve achieved great
                                                                 scale in donations of food to hunger relief agencies and food
                                                                 waste to animal feedlots and composting facilities. We are
                                                                 grateful for the opportunity to serve the communities we live
                                                                 and operate in through our newly-formed Sprouts Healthy
                                                                 Communities Foundation, which will help our team members
                                                                 feel even more connected to our brand purpose of inspiring
                                                                 healthy living for all.
                                                                 None of our achievements would be possible without our
                                                                 passionate coast-to-coast team member base. They love to
Dear fellow stockholders,                                        inspire, educate and empower every person to eat healthier
                                                                 and live a better life, and provide an incredible experience
2015 was another year of remarkable achievements at              in our stores. In 2016, we will continue to invest further in
Sprouts. We ended the year with 217 stores and over 100          team member training, because our passion for learning and
million customer visits across the country. Our more than        education allows our team members to achieve personal and
20,000 team members delivered another year of record sales       professional growth as we scale this great brand.
of $3.6 billion, a 21% increase over the previous year. This
was driven by exceptional same-store sales of 5.8%, new          In conclusion, every day we hear from customers who are
store growth of 14% and strong bottom-line growth of 19%.        transitioning their grocery shopping to Sprouts. They all
                                                                 have different motivations for starting or continuing their
As more and more Americans embrace our “Healthy Living           own healthy living journey, but are equally excited about
for Less” model, Sprouts’ position of strength in the industry   their ability to purchase fresh, natural and organic items at
continues to grow. I am proud to share just a sampling of        great prices. As we continue to expand in existing and new
our team’s accomplishments throughout my ﬁrst year as Chief      markets, we will continue to listen to our customers and be
Executive Ofﬁcer and our unrelenting focus for the               grateful for the role we play in their discovery and learning of
year ahead.                                                      healthy living. Our aspiration at Sprouts is simple – for both
Product innovation has always been a driving force at            our customers and team members to continue to say, “I Love
Sprouts. During 2015, our merchant team and strong vendor        Sprouts.” I hope you share my conﬁdence and passion in our
relationships allowed us to bring more innovation to our         business and team and that you, too, are inspired to make
stores through new healthy products, compelling promotions       Sprouts your healthy living partner.
and Sprouts private label items. The Sprouts brand grew to
over 1,800 items, half of which are non-GMO or organic.
From everyday staples to cutting-edge specialty items,           Sincerely,
Sprouts brand products meet our strict quality standards
while delivering exceptional value and unique ﬂavor proﬁles.
We are also excited about the customer response to our
new expanded deli, which greatly increases lunch and dinner      Amin Maredia
options, and we will debut this program at many more stores      Chief Executive Ofﬁcer
in 2016.
Our unmatched customer experience resulted in even more
shoppers saying “I Love Sprouts” in 2015. For some, it’s
our bountiful, vibrant produce department with unbeatable
prices. For others, it’s our friendly and knowledgeable team
members who are happy to custom-cut a special purchase
from our Old Tyme Butcher Shop. From vitamins and
body care to our bulk department, there’s something for
everyone to discover. We remain humbled by the customer
compliments we receive every day, which inspire us to
continue to raise the bar.
As we continue our momentum in 2016, we remain laser-
focused on differentiating ourselves by listening to our
customers. As their shopping preferences evolve, so must
we. We are putting even more focus on product innovation,
2015
 2015FINANCIAL
      FINANCIALHIGHLIGHTS:
                HIGHLIGHTS:

--Grew
   Grewannual
        annualrevenue
                revenueto
                        to$3.6
                           $3.6billion,
                                billion,
  growth
   growthof
          of21%
              21%

--Comparable
   Comparablestore
              storesales
                    salesincreased
                           increased5.8%
                                     5.8%

--Unit
   Unitgrowth
        growthreached
                reached14%,
                         14%,for
                              fora atotal
                                     totalof
                                           of
  217
   217stores
       storesand
              and3 3new
                     newstates
                          states– –Alabama,
                                     Alabama,
  Missouri
   Missouriand
             andTennessee
                 Tennessee

--Earnings
   Earningsimproved
            improvedby
                     by19%
                         19%

--Repurchased
   Repurchased$26
               $26million
                   millionof
                           ofour
                              ourshares
                                  shares

--Continued
   Continuedto
             toself-fund
                self-fundour
                          ourgrowth
                              growth




 SPECIAL NOTE
SPECIAL     NOTE REGARDING
                      REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
                                        FORWARD-LOOKINGSTATEMENTS:    STATEMENTS:Certain  Certainstatements
                                                                                                    statementsininthisthisreport
                                                                                                                              reportare areforward-looking
                                                                                                                                             forward-looking      as as  defined
                                                                                                                                                                      defined     in in
                                                                                                                                                                                      thethe  Private
                                                                                                                                                                                           Private        Securities
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Securities
Litigation   Reform Act
 Litigation Reform     Act of
                            of1995.
                               1995.Any  Anystatements
                                              statementscontained
                                                              containedherein
                                                                           herein(including,
                                                                                     (including,but butnot
                                                                                                         notlimited
                                                                                                              limitedto,to,statements
                                                                                                                             statementstoto    thetheffect
                                                                                                                                                       effectthatthat   Sprouts
                                                                                                                                                                     Sprouts        Farmers
                                                                                                                                                                                Farmers        Market,
                                                                                                                                                                                            Market,     Inc.Inc.
                                                                                                                                                                                                              (the(the
 “Company”) or
“Company”)      orits
                    itsmanagement
                        management“anticipates,”
                                         “anticipates,”“plans,”
                                                            “plans,”“estimates,”
                                                                       “estimates,”“expects,”
                                                                                         “expects,”“believes,”
                                                                                                       “believes,”ororthe thenegative
                                                                                                                                negative  ofof  these
                                                                                                                                             these      terms
                                                                                                                                                      terms   and and   other
                                                                                                                                                                     other       similar
                                                                                                                                                                              similar     expressions)
                                                                                                                                                                                       expressions)      that  areare
                                                                                                                                                                                                             that
not   statementsof
 not statements     ofhistorical
                       historicalfact
                                   factshould
                                         shouldbe beconsidered
                                                      consideredforward-looking
                                                                      forward-lookingstatements,
                                                                                           statements,     including,
                                                                                                        including,       without
                                                                                                                     without        limitation,
                                                                                                                                 limitation,       statements
                                                                                                                                                statements          regarding
                                                                                                                                                                regarding      thethe  Company’s
                                                                                                                                                                                    Company’s          anticipated
                                                                                                                                                                                                  anticipated
growth.    These statements
 growth. These     statementsinvolve
                                 involvecertain
                                            certainrisks
                                                     risksand
                                                            anduncertainties
                                                                  uncertaintiesthat thatmay
                                                                                          maycause
                                                                                                causeactual
                                                                                                        actualresults
                                                                                                                 resultstotodiffer
                                                                                                                               differ materially
                                                                                                                                    materially       from
                                                                                                                                                  from      expectations
                                                                                                                                                         expectations            of of
                                                                                                                                                                             as as  thethe  date
                                                                                                                                                                                          date of of
                                                                                                                                                                                                   thisthis   annual
                                                                                                                                                                                                          annual
report.   Theserisks
 report.These    risksand
                        anduncertainties
                             uncertaintiesinclude,
                                              include,without
                                                          withoutlimitation,
                                                                    limitation,risks
                                                                                  risksassociated
                                                                                         associatedwith
                                                                                                      withthethe  Company’s
                                                                                                                Company’s         ability
                                                                                                                               ability  toto  successfully
                                                                                                                                            successfully    openopen newnew    stores
                                                                                                                                                                            stores  and and  execute
                                                                                                                                                                                          execute    its its  growth
                                                                                                                                                                                                          growth
strategy;   the Company’s
 strategy; the  Company’s ability
                               abilityto tocompete
                                             competeininitsitsintensely
                                                                 intenselycompetitive
                                                                              competitiveindustry;
                                                                                              industry;thetheCompany’s
                                                                                                                Company’sabilityabilitytoto  maintain
                                                                                                                                           maintain    or or  increase
                                                                                                                                                           increase     its its comparable
                                                                                                                                                                             comparable         store
                                                                                                                                                                                             store        sales;
                                                                                                                                                                                                     sales;    thethe
Company’s     ability to
 Company’s ability     toidentify
                           identifyandandreact
                                           reacttototrends
                                                       trendsininconsumer
                                                                   consumerpreferences;
                                                                                 preferences;product
                                                                                                  productsupply
                                                                                                             supplyoror   supply
                                                                                                                       supply        chain
                                                                                                                                  chain      disruptions;
                                                                                                                                          disruptions;        general
                                                                                                                                                          general          economic
                                                                                                                                                                       economic          conditions;
                                                                                                                                                                                     conditions;         regulatory
                                                                                                                                                                                                    regulatory
 compliance and
compliance     and other
                     otherfactors
                            factorsas asset
                                          setforth
                                              forthininthis
                                                         thisannual
                                                              annualreport
                                                                        reportororininthe
                                                                                        theCompany’s
                                                                                             Company’s      Securities
                                                                                                         Securities   andand    Exchange
                                                                                                                             Exchange         Commission
                                                                                                                                           Commission           filings
                                                                                                                                                            filings   fromfrom      to to
                                                                                                                                                                                 time
                                                                                                                                                                              time             TheThe
                                                                                                                                                                                           time.
                                                                                                                                                                                        time.             Company
                                                                                                                                                                                                      Company
intends   theseforward-looking
 intends these   forward-lookingstatements
                                       statementsto  tospeak
                                                         speakonly
                                                                 onlyasasofofthe
                                                                               thetime
                                                                                    timeofofthis
                                                                                              thisannual
                                                                                                   annualreport
                                                                                                             report  and
                                                                                                                   and      does
                                                                                                                         does      not
                                                                                                                                 not     undertake
                                                                                                                                      undertake     to to update
                                                                                                                                                        update      or or  revise
                                                                                                                                                                       revise      them
                                                                                                                                                                                them    as as more
                                                                                                                                                                                           more        information
                                                                                                                                                                                                  information
 becomes available,
becomes     available, except
                         except asas required
                                      required byby law.
                                                     law.

                                                                                                                                                  Cover
                                                                                                                                                Cover   photo
                                                                                                                                                      photo   © Gary
                                                                                                                                                            © Gary   Ward,
                                                                                                                                                                   Ward,   G Man
                                                                                                                                                                         G Man   Studios,
                                                                                                                                                                               Studios,   2016
                                                                                                                                                                                        2016
                                                UNITED STATES
                                    SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                                                               Washington, D.C. 20549
                                                                    FORM 10-K
_      ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934
                                                      For the fiscal year ended January 3, 2016
                                                        Commission File Number: 001-36029




                                               Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc.
                                               (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
                                  Delaware                                                                       32-0331600
                        (State or other jurisdiction of                                                        (I.R.S. Employer
                       incorporation or organization)                                                         Identification No.)
                                                           5455 East High Street, Suite 111
                                                               Phoenix, Arizona 85054
                                                  (Address of principal executive offices and zip code)
                                                                      (480) 814-8016
                                                  (Registrant’s telephone number, including area code)
                                           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:
                             Title of Each Class                                               Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered
                   Common Stock, $0.001 par value                                                   NASDAQ Global Select Market
                                           Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:
                                                                     None
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.        Yes      No _
Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.    Yes      No _
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. Yes _ No
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File
required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (§ 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such
shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). Yes _ No
Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (§229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and
will not be contained, to the best of registrant’s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form
10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. _
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company.
See the definitions of “large accelerated filer,” “accelerated filer” and “smaller reporting company” in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.
Large accelerated filer     _                                                                                                  Accelerated filer
Non-accelerated filer           (Do not check if a smaller reporting company)                                                  Smaller reporting company
Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).         Yes          No _
As of June 28, 2015, the last business day of the registrant’s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the
registrant’s voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was $4,287,557,387, based on the last reported sale price of such stock as
reported on The NASDAQ Global Select Market on such date.
As of February 24, 2016, there were outstanding 150,358,916 shares of the registrant’s common stock, $0.001 par value per share.

                                                 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE
Portions of the registrant’s definitive Proxy Statement for its 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference in Part III of this Annual
Report on Form 10-K where indicated. Such Proxy Statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the
registrant’s fiscal year ended January 3, 2016.
                                                              TABLE OF CONTENTS

                                                                                                                                                             Page
                                                                        PART I
Item 1. Business....................................................................................................................................            1
Item 1A. Risk Factors ..............................................................................................................................           14
Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments .....................................................................................................                       31
Item 2. Properties..................................................................................................................................           31
Item 3. Legal Proceedings ....................................................................................................................                 32
Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures ...........................................................................................................                    32
                                                                       PART II
Item 5. Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases
            of Equity Securities ...............................................................................................................               33
Item 6. Selected Financial Data ............................................................................................................                   35
Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations....                                                              37
Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk ...................................................                                        56
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data .......................................................................                                    57
Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure...                                                                94
Item 9A. Controls and Procedures ..........................................................................................................                    94
Item 9B. Other Information ......................................................................................................................              94
                                                                       PART III
Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance........................................................                                        95
Item 11. Executive Compensation ..........................................................................................................                     95
Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
            Stockholder Matters..............................................................................................................                  95
Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence ........................                                                    95
Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services ..................................................................................                             95
                                                                       PART IV
Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules............................................................................                                95
Signatures ...............................................................................................................................................     99
                                          EXPLANATORY NOTE

      On July 29, 2013, Sprouts Farmers Markets, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, converted
into Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc., a Delaware corporation, as described under “Management’s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Factors Affecting
Comparability of Results of Operations—Corporate Conversion.” As used in this Annual Report on Form
10-K, unless the context otherwise requires, references to the “Company,” “Sprouts,” “we,” “us” and “our”
refer to Sprouts Farmers Markets, LLC and, after the corporate conversion, to Sprouts Farmers Market,
Inc. and, where appropriate, its subsidiaries. In the corporate conversion, each unit of Sprouts Farmers
Markets, LLC was converted into 11 shares of common stock of Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc., and each
option to purchase units of Sprouts Farmers Markets, LLC was converted into an option to purchase 11
shares of common stock of Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. For the convenience of the reader, except as
the context otherwise requires, all information included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K is presented
giving effect to the corporate conversion.

      On July 31, 2013, the Company’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Reg. No. 333-188493) and
the Company’s Registration Statement on Form 8-A became effective, and the Company became subject
to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (referred to as the
“Exchange Act”).


                  SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

      This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains “forward-looking statements” that involve substantial
risks and uncertainties. The statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K that are not purely
historical are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933,
as amended (referred to as the “Securities Act”), and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, including, but not
limited to, statements regarding our expectations, beliefs, intentions, strategies, future operations, future
financial position, future revenue, projected expenses, and plans and objectives of management. In some
cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as “anticipate,” “believe,” “estimate,”
“expect,” “intend,” “may,” “might,” “plan,” “project,” “will,” “would,” “should,” “could,” “can,” “predict,”
“potential,” “continue,” “objective,” or the negative of these terms, and similar expressions intended to
identify forward-looking statements. However, not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying
words. These forward-looking statements reflect our current views about future events and involve known
risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance, or
achievement to be materially different from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.
Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed
in the section titled “Risk Factors” included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Furthermore, such
forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we
undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after
the date of such statements.
                                                    PART I

Item 1.      Business
      Sprouts Farmers Market operates as a healthy grocery store that offers fresh, natural and organic
food that includes fresh produce, bulk foods, vitamins and supplements, grocery, meat and seafood, deli,
bakery, dairy, frozen foods, body care and natural household items catering to consumers’ growing
interest in eating and living healthier. Since our founding in 2002, we have grown rapidly, significantly
increasing our sales, store count and profitability. With 224 stores in 13 states as of February 25, 2016,
we are one of the largest specialty retailers of fresh, natural and organic food in the United States.

      At Sprouts, we believe healthy living is a journey and every meal is a choice. The cornerstones of
our business are fresh, natural and organic products at compelling prices (which we refer to as “Healthy
Living for Less”), an attractive and differentiated shopping experience featuring a broad selection of
innovative healthy products, and knowledgeable team members who we believe provide best-in-class
customer engagement and product education.

        Healthy Living for Less. We offer high-quality, fresh, natural and organic products at attractive prices
in every department. Consistent with our farmers market heritage, our offering begins with fresh produce,
which we source, warehouse and distribute in-house and sell at prices we believe to be significantly
below those of other food retailers. In addition, our scale, operating structure and deep industry
relationships position us to consistently deliver competitive prices and promote value throughout the
store. Based on our experience, we believe we attract a broad customer base, including conventional
supermarket customers, and appeal to a much wider demographic than other specialty retailers of natural
and organic food. We believe that over time, our compelling prices and product offering convert many
“trial” customers into loyal “lifestyle” customers who shop Sprouts with greater frequency and across an
increasing number of departments.

      Attractive, Differentiated Shopping Experience. In a convenient, small-box format (average store
size of 28,000 to 30,000 sq. ft.), our stores have a farmers market feel, with a bright, open-air atmosphere
to create a comfortable and engaging in-store experience. We strive to be our customers’ everyday
healthy grocery store. We feature fresh produce and bulk foods at the center of the store surrounded by a
complete grocery offering. Consistent with our fresh, natural and organic offering, we choose not to carry
most of the traditional, national branded consumer packaged goods generally found at conventional
grocery retailers (e.g., Doritos, Tide and Lucky Charms). Instead, we offer high-quality and innovative
healthier alternatives that emphasize our focus on fresh, natural and organic products at great values.

       Customer Engagement and Education. Our commitment to “Healthy Living for Less” is shared by
team members throughout the entire organization who are dedicated to our passion for educating and
engaging with our customers with the goal of making healthy eating easier and more accessible. We
believe our well-trained and engaged team members, as well as the materials we disseminate through
our digital and social media platforms, help our customers increasingly understand that they can
purchase a wide selection of high-quality, healthy, and great tasting food for themselves and their families
at attractive prices by shopping at Sprouts.


                                                Our Industry

      We operate within the grocery store industry which encompasses store formats ranging from small
grocery and convenience stores to large independent and chain supermarkets. According to the
Progressive Grocer, U.S. supermarket sales totaled over $638 billion in 2014. Based on our industry
experience, we believe we are capturing significant market share from conventional supermarkets and
other specialty concepts in this supermarket segment.

     The supermarket segment is comprised of various formats, including conventional, supercenter,
natural / gourmet, limited assortment and warehouse. While the natural and organic food segment is one



                                                       1
of the fastest growing segments in the industry, conventional supermarkets have experienced overall
share decline from approximately 73% in 2005 to 65% in 2014, according to the Progressive Grocer, as
customers have migrated to other grocery retail formats, including specialty grocers and mass retailers.
Conventional supermarket customers are attracted to competitors’ unique product offerings, formats and
differentiated shopping experiences.

    We believe Sprouts offers consumers a compelling value relative to conventional supermarkets and
mass retailers and will continue to benefit from the following industry and consumer trends:
     x     Increasing consumer focus on health and wellness. We believe, based on our industry
           experience, that consumers are increasingly focused on health and wellness and are actively
           seeking healthy foods in order to improve eating habits. According to SPINS LLC, a leading
           provider of retail consumer insights, analytics and consulting for the natural, organic and
           specialty products industry, sales of natural and organic products, including food and
           supplements, are projected to grow from $105 billion in 2014 to over $166 billion in 2019,
           representing projected annual growth of over 9%.
           This overall demand for healthy products is driven by many factors, including increased
           awareness about the benefits of eating healthy, a greater focus on preventative health
           measures, and the rising costs of health care. We believe customers are attracted to retailers
           with comprehensive health and wellness product offerings. As a result, food retailers are
           offering an increased assortment of fresh, natural and organic foods as well as vitamins and
           supplements to meet this demand.
     x     Emphasis on the customer shopping experience. Consumers are increasingly focused on their
           shopping experience, and often choose their shopping location based on variety, price and
           higher-quality produce and meat. Shoppers are also loyal to their primary store, with 75% of
           their total grocery budget spent at their primary store according to a survey in the Food
           Marketing Institute’s U.S. Grocery Shopper Trends 2014. Grocers are therefore focused on
           providing a broad selection of products along with exceptional customer service.
     x     Consumer desire for value. Customers across formats seek quality products at compelling
           value and certain traditional, natural and organic retailers have faced pressure on sales as
           customers shifted to lower-priced items or eliminated certain discretionary purchases. We
           believe consumers will continue to seek high-quality, value-priced offerings in their purchases
           over the long-term, regardless of macroeconomic conditions.


                                         Growing Our Business

     We believe we are well-positioned to capitalize on two powerful, long-term consumer trends—a
growing interest in health and wellness and a focus on value and are pursuing a number of strategies
designed to continue our growth and strong financial performance, including:

       Expand our store base. We intend to continue expanding our store base by pursuing new store
openings in existing markets, expanding into adjacent markets and penetrating new markets. We have
opened 19, 24 and 27 new stores in fiscal 2013, 2014 and 2015, respectively, representing 14% unit
growth each year. We expect to continue to expand our store base with 36 store openings planned in
fiscal 2016, of which seven have opened as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and we
intend to achieve 14% annual new store growth over at least the next five years.




                                                    2
     The below diagram shows our store footprint, by state, as of January 3, 2016.




                             Nevada


                                  5        Utah
                                                   Colorado
                                              5                 Kansas
                      82                                27                     Missouri
                                                                       3
                     California                                                    2

                                      Arizona      New            Oklahoma                             2
                                                  Mexico                                  Tennessee
                                         29                                7
                                                    7
                                                                                                            8
                                                                                                 3
                                                               Texas
                                                                                                           Georgia
                                                                                             Alabama
                                                                 37




      Continue positive comparable store sales. For 35 consecutive quarters, including throughout the
economic downturn from 2008 to 2010, stores under our management have achieved positive
comparable store sales growth. We believe the consistency of our performance over time and across
geographies and vintages is the result of a number of factors, including our distinctive value positioning
and merchandising strategies, product innovation and a well-trained staff focused on customer education
and engagement. We believe we can continue to grow the number and size of customer transactions by
enhancing our core value proposition and distinctive customer-oriented shopping experience. We aim to
grow our average ticket by continuing to expand and refine our fresh, natural and organic product
offering, our targeted and personalized marketing efforts and our in-store and digital education. We
believe these factors, combined with the continued strong growth in fresh, natural and organic food
consumption, will allow Sprouts to gain new customers, increase customer loyalty and, over time, convert
single-department trial customers into core, lifestyle customers who shop Sprouts with greater frequency
and across an increasing number of departments.

      Grow the Sprouts Farmers Market brand. We are committed to supporting our stores, product
offerings and brand through a variety of marketing programs, private label offerings and corporate
partnerships. In addition, we will continue our community outreach and charity programs to more broadly
connect with our local communities with the aim of promoting our brand and educating consumers on
healthy choices. We will also continue to expand our innovative marketing and promotional strategy
through print, digital and social media platforms.


                                                              Our Heritage

      In 2002, we opened the first Sprouts Farmers Market store in Chandler, Arizona. From our founding
in 2002 through January 3, 2016, we continued to open new stores while successfully rebranding 43
Henry’s Farmers Market (referred to as “Henry’s”) and 39 Sunflower Farmers Market (referred to as
“Sunflower”) stores added through acquisitions to the Sprouts banner (referred to as the “Transactions”).
These three businesses all trace their lineage back to Henry’s Farmers Market and were built with similar
store formats and operations including a strong emphasis on value, produce and service in smaller,
convenient locations. The consistency of these formats and operations was an important factor that



                                                                           3
allowed us to rapidly and successfully rebrand and integrate each of these businesses under the Sprouts
banner and on a common platform. As of January 3, 2016, we had 217 stores in 13 states, and are one of
the largest specialty retailers of fresh, natural and organic food in the United States.

      In connection with our initial public offering (referred to as our “IPO”), on July 29, 2013, Sprouts
Farmers Markets, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, converted into Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation. As part of the corporate conversion, holders of membership interests of Sprouts
Farmers Markets, LLC in the form of Class A and Class B units received 11 shares of our common stock
for each unit held immediately prior to the corporate conversion, and options to purchase units became
options to purchase 11 shares of our common stock for each unit underlying options outstanding
immediately prior to the corporate conversion, at the same aggregate exercise price in effect prior to the
corporate conversion.

    On August 1, 2013, our common stock began trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market and on
August 6, 2013, we closed our IPO.


                                       Our Stores and Operations

      We believe our stores represent a blend of conventional supermarkets, farmers markets, natural foods
stores, and smaller specialty markets, differentiating us from other food retailers, while also providing a
complete offering for our customers.
     x     Store Design. Our stores are organized in a “flipped” conventional food retail store model,
           positioning our produce at the center of the store surrounded by a complete grocery offering.
           We typically dedicate approximately 15% of a store’s selling square footage to produce, which
           we believe is significantly higher than many of our peers. The stores are designed with open
           floor plans and low displays, intended to provide an easy-to-shop environment that allows our
           customers to view the entire store. The below diagram shows a sample layout of our stores:




     x     Culture of Customer Engagement. We are committed to providing and believe we have best-
           in-class customer engagement, which builds trust with our customers and differentiates the
           Sprouts shopping experience from that of many of our competitors. We design our stores to
           maximize customers’ interactions with our team members, as we believe this interaction
           provides an opportunity to educate customers and provides a valued, differentiated customer
           service model, which enhances customer loyalty and increases visits and purchases over
           time.




                                                      4
           Customer engagement is critical to our culture and we place great importance on training our
           team members on customer engagement and product knowledge to ensure there is friendly,
           knowledgeable staff in every department. Our team members are trained and empowered to
           proactively engage with customers throughout the entire store. This includes investing time to
           educate them on the benefits of different vitamins, sharing ways to prepare a meal or cutting a
           piece of produce or opening a package to offer customers product tastings throughout the
           store. We consider customer education and engagement to be particularly important as many
           conventional supermarket customers that have not shopped our stores believe that eating
           healthy is expensive and difficult.
           Our stores are typically staffed with 80 to 90 full and part-time team members including a store
           manager, an assistant store manager, eight department managers, five assistant department
           managers, store office staff and other team members.
     x     Recruiting, Training, Development and Promotion. We strive to create a strong and unified
           company culture and develop team members throughout the entire organization. We have
           prioritized making investments in training that we believe enhances our team members’
           knowledge, particularly with respect to our expanded and evolving product offerings, so our
           team members can continue to engage and assist our customers. We also have regional
           department level merchandisers and trainers who are focused on training team members
           within departments and also assist with store and local merchandising strategies and
           execution. For new stores, we typically have team members on site approximately three to
           four weeks before opening to optimize initial and long-term store performance and customer
           service. We also have approximately 100 people in the field as regional support teams in
           human resources, operations and compliance. These teams focus on hiring, retention,
           training, food safety, security, financial management and other operational best practices. We
           regularly perform audits of our stores to assess customer engagement, inventory quality and
           control, merchandising and other factors. We believe our team members contribute to our
           consistently high service standards and that this helps us successfully open new stores.
           We believe Sprouts is an attractive place to work with significant growth opportunities for our
           team members. We regularly assess prevailing wages in the markets in which we operate and
           offer competitive wages and benefits as we believe active, educated and passionate team
           members contribute to consumer satisfaction. In 2015, we promoted approximately 4,800
           team members. We also host quarterly Team Member Appreciation Days at each store, hold
           town hall meetings between team members and company management and provide our team
           members with discounts on purchases in the store.
     x     Store Size. Our stores are generally between 28,000 and 30,000 square feet, which we
           believe is smaller than many of our peers’ average stores. Our stores are located in a variety
           of mid-sized and larger shopping centers, lifestyle centers and in certain cases, independent
           single-unit, stand-alone developments. The size of our stores and our real estate strategy
           provide us flexibility in site selection, including entering into new developments or existing sites
           formerly operated by other retailers, including other grocery banners, office supply stores,
           electronics retailers and other second generation space. Further, we believe our value
           positioning allows us to serve a diverse customer base and provides us significant flexibility to
           enter new markets across a variety of socio-economic areas, including markets with varying
           levels of fresh, natural and organic grocer penetration.


                                           Our Product Offering

     We are a complete food retailer. We focus and tailor our assortment to fresh, natural and organic
foods and healthier options throughout all of our departments.




                                                      5
Fresh, Natural and Organic Foods
      Our product offerings focus on fresh, natural and organic foods. Foods are generally considered
“fresh” if it is minimally processed or in its raw state not subject to any type of preservation or freezing.
Natural foods can be broadly defined as foods that are minimally processed and are free of synthetic
preservatives, artificial sweeteners, colors, flavors and other additives, growth hormones, antibiotics,
hydrogenated oils, stabilizers and emulsifiers. Essentially, natural foods are largely or completely free of
non-naturally occurring chemicals and are as near to their whole, natural state as possible.

     Organic foods refer to the food itself as well as the method by which it is produced. In general,
organic operations must demonstrate that they are protecting natural resources, conserving biodiversity,
and using only approved substances and must be certified by a USDA-accredited certifying agency.
These organic standards include:
     x     Crop production must not use irradiation, sewage sludge, synthetic fertilizers, prohibited
           pesticides, and genetically modified organisms.
     x     Livestock producers must meet animal health and welfare standards, not use antibiotics or
           growth hormones, use 100% organic feed, and provide animals with access to the outdoors.
     x     Multi-ingredient organic food must be compromised of 95% or more certified organic content.

      Further, retailers that handle, store or sell organic products must implement measures to protect
their organic character.

Products
      We categorize the varieties of products we sell as perishable and non-perishable. Perishable
product categories include produce, meat, seafood, deli and bakery. Non-perishable product categories
include grocery, vitamins and supplements, bulk items, dairy and dairy alternatives, frozen foods, beer
and wine, and natural health and body care. The following is a breakdown of our perishable and non-
perishable sales mix:

                                                                                   2015      2014      2013
           Perishables..........................................................     50.8%     50.8%     50.1%
           Non-Perishables..................................................         49.2%     49.2%     49.9%


Departments
Our stores include the following departments:
     x     Produce. Placed at the center of our stores, our high-quality, value-oriented offering begins
           with our produce department. We offer our customers a farmers market open-feel environment
           consisting of an abundant and affordable natural and organic offering of fresh fruits,
           vegetables and herbs, focused on appearance, flavor and value. Our extensive produce
           selection includes seasonal, specialty and organic items, often from local or regional farms, at
           prices targeted to be significantly lower than our competitors.
     x     Grocery. Our grocery offering focuses on healthy options. We carry approximately 5,400
           natural and organic products in our grocery aisles, including meal components, natural sodas
           and other beverages, snacks and bars, baking goods, baby, pet and household items such as
           detergent and paper towels, and earth-friendly mercantile items. Our product offering includes
           more than 3,500 gluten-free items, and our own Sprouts private label brand products. We also
           offer distinctive locally-produced products in each of our market areas, such as preserves,
           honey, BBQ sauces, salsas and chips.
     x     Meat and Seafood. Our Olde Tyme Butcher Shops combine high-quality sourcing through our
           trusted supplier network, product variety and old-fashioned customer service, as we cut and



                                                                      6
    grind meat fresh, as needed for our customers, and unlike much of the industry today, we
    have no offsite facility delivering products processed days in advance. We feature “choice
    natural” beef, pasture raised pork, grass fed organic beef, organic chicken and Grade A all-
    natural poultry raised cage-free from trusted partner ranches and farms. We also carry
    varieties of sausages made fresh daily in-store as well as an abundant selection of entrees,
    including gourmet burgers, pinwheels, stuffed chicken breasts, pork chops and roasts. We
    offer a wide variety of seafood favorites delivered up to six days a week and carry multiple
    options for baking, sautéing, or grilling and round out our assortment with wild fresh species
    while in season. We believe that our customers value the freshness, quality and service level
    of our meat and seafood department and this generates repeat traffic and purchases.
x   Deli. We feature a broad array of fresh deli specialties, including high-quality sliced deli meat,
    salads, dips, entrees, side dishes and fresh made to order sandwiches at value prices and an
    abundant selection of cheeses from around the world. We have begun to roll out our new and
    expanded deli offerings into a select number of new stores and existing stores, including
    features like a new salad bar, stocked with ready to eat, healthy and flavorful salads, a full-
    service deli case with prepared proteins and healthy side dishes and an expanded assortment
    of component meals and side dishes.
x   Vitamins and Supplements. Our stores feature more than 4,500 vitamins, supplements, natural
    remedies, functional food, lifestyle support, and herbal supplements. This department includes
    an extensive private label offering. We believe there is an education component to shopping in
    our vitamins and supplements department and that our customers value friendly,
    knowledgeable and dedicated team members to introduce products and to guide them through
    their purchases. We employ a full-time nutritionist to assist and train team members through
    online modules. Each store typically holds four to five training sessions per month (including
    both internal and vendor-led) to ensure our team members are knowledgeable about the
    products on our shelves. These training sessions prepare our vitamin and supplement team
    members to better educate and serve our customers through personalized service.
x   Dairy and Dairy Alternatives. Our dairy department features a wide selection of organic,
    natural and regionally sourced milk, yogurt, butter and eggs, as well as a full selection of plant-
    based alternative dairy products.
x   Bulk Items. Our stores can include up to 450 varieties of uniquely crafted selection of
    scoopable nuts, fruits, trail mixes, grains, beans, cereals, coffee, tea, spices, candy and
    snacks featured in the center of the store. We believe this high-quality, value-oriented
    department provides a feeling of an ‘old-time grocery store’ as customers are able to select
    and scoop as much of these items as they wish.
x   Bakery. Our focus on fresh, high-quality and unique “signature” products is evident in our
    bakery department, which is located at the entrance to each store. Sprouts’ bakery offering
    includes artisan bread alongside a wide assortment of sandwich breads, rolls, tortillas, pitas,
    muffins, cookies and pies as well as sugar free, gluten free and low carbohydrate products.
    We bake a large selection of products fresh in-store every day to enhance the overall
    customer experience.
x   Frozen Foods. Our freezer cases feature traditional and ethnic natural and organic entrees
    and side dishes, along with frozen vegetables, desserts and specialty items, such as gluten-
    free breads and non-dairy ice creams.
x   Natural Health and Body Care. Sprouts offers approximately 2,700 natural, cruelty-free health
    and beauty products, old-fashioned remedies and modern body care innovations, including
    facial care products and make up, skin, hair, dental, baby care and grooming products, all at
    value-oriented prices.
x   Beer and Wine. We offer a carefully selected assortment of craft beers, microbrews and
    premium beers from around the world and an expansive variety of domestic and international




                                               7
           wines, many of which we price at $10 or less. We also stock Kosher, organic, sustainable and
           biodynamic, local, exclusive-to-Sprouts and even non-alcoholic wines.

Private Label
      We have been expanding the breadth of our Sprouts branded products over the last several years
and have a dedicated product development team focused on continuing this growth. These products
feature competitively priced specialty and innovative products, with quality and ingredient standards that
we believe equal or exceed national brands. We have increased our portfolio of private label items from
approximately 800 items at the end of 2011 to approximately 1,800 as of January 3, 2016. Our private
label brands drive value by offering our customers lower prices while still delivering higher margin as
compared to branded products. We believe our private label products build and enhance the Sprouts
brand and allow us to distinguish ourselves from our competitors, promoting customer loyalty and
creating a destination shopping experience.


                                        Sourcing and Distribution

     We manage the buying of, and set the standards for, the products we sell, and we source our
products from over 800 vendors and suppliers, both domestically and internationally.

       We believe, based on our industry experience, that our strong relationships in the produce business
provide us a competitive advantage and enable us to offer high-quality produce at prices we believe are
significantly below those of conventional food retailers and even further below high-end natural and
organic food retailers. Given the importance of produce to our stores, we source, warehouse and
distribute all produce in-house. This ensures our produce meets our high quality standards. We are
supported by dedicated regional procurement teams that provide us flexibility to procure produce on local,
regional and national levels.

       We have department and product specifications that ensure a consistently high level of quality
across product ingredients, production standards and other key measures of freshness, natural and
organic standards. These specifications are measured at both entry and exit points to our facilities. We
distribute all produce to our stores from two leased distribution facilities and one third-party operated
distribution facility, and we manage every aspect of quality control in this department. We believe we
currently have sufficient capacity at these facilities to support our near-term growth plans, but we continue
to explore expansion opportunities as our needs evolve.

      We believe our scale, together with this decentralized purchasing structure and flexibility generates
cost savings, which we then pass on to our customers. Distributors and farmers recognize the volume of
goods we sell through our stores and our flexible purchasing and distribution model allows us to
opportunistically acquire produce at great value which we will also pass along to our customers.

      For all non-produce products, we use third-party distributors and vendors to distribute products
directly to our stores following specifications and quality control standards that are set by us.

       Nature’s Best, Inc., acquired by KeHE Distributors, LLC in 2014 (referred to as “NB”), is our primary
supplier of dry grocery and frozen food products, accounting for approximately 24%, 23% and 23% of our
total purchases in fiscal 2015, 2014 and 2013, respectively. Another 4% of our total purchases in each of
fiscal 2015, 2014 and 2013 were made through our secondary supplier, United Natural Foods, Inc.
(referred to as “UNFI”). See “Risk Factors—Disruption of significant supplier relationships could
negatively affect our business.”




                                                     8
                                              Our Customers

      Our target customer seeks a wide assortment of high-quality fresh and nutritious food as well as
vitamins and supplements at competitive prices. We believe our value proposition and complete grocery
offering engages both conventional and health-focused shoppers.

        We have a broad range of customers from those looking for value, to customers seeking specific
attribute products, to those seeking to eat healthier. We believe the majority of our customers are initially
attracted to our stores by our fresh produce, which we offer at prices we believe are significantly below
those of conventional food retailers and even further below high-end natural and organic food retailers.
We drive customer traffic by aggressively promoting produce and other items through weekly
advertisements designed primarily to reach the everyday supermarket shopper. These customers include
“trial” customers that limit their shopping to specific products or departments, such as produce. Through
department-specific promotions, in-store signage, and customer education, many customers become
“transition” customers that shop new departments and try new products. Over time, through customer
service and engagement, targeted marketing, and increased knowledge of our product offering, we
believe that transition customers become “lifestyle” customers that shop with greater frequency
throughout the entire store.


                                 Our Pricing, Marketing and Advertising

     x     Pricing. We are committed to a pricing strategy consistent with our motto of “Healthy Living for
           Less.” As a farmers market style store, we emphasize low prices throughout the entire store,
           as we are able to pass along the benefits of our scale and purchasing power to our customers.
           We position our prices with everyday value for our customers with regular promotions on
           selected products that drive traffic and trial. We typically have about 30% of our approximately
           18,800 products on sale at any given time.
     x     Marketing and Advertising. We supplement and support our everyday competitive pricing
           strategy through weekly advertised specials, a weekly e-circular, online coupons and special
           promotions. We send over 15 million weekly advertisement circulars to encourage customers
           to shop at our stores. These circulars focus on product education and offerings and aim to
           engage the customer. We use sales flyers distributed through direct delivery or inserted into
           local newspapers as our primary medium for advertising. These sales flyers include
           representative products from our key departments. In addition, we have a customer database
           of over one million customers as of January 3, 2016, many of whom receive electronic
           versions of our weekly circulars or monthly newsletters.
           We tailor our advertisements to specific markets, which provides us with greater flexibility to
           offer different promotions and respond to local competitive activity. In addition, we advertise
           our sales promotions and support our brand image through the use of local radio, as well as
           targeted direct mail in specific markets.
           We also continue to promote and enhance our digital presence. We maintain a smartphone
           app and our website, www.sprouts.com, on which we display our weekly sales flyers and offer
           special deals and coupons and continue to expand our social media platform. Our website
           also features on-line ordering for holiday meals and catering trays. The inclusion of our
           website address in this Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include or incorporate by
           reference the information on or accessible through our website herein. As of January 3, 2016,
           we had approximately 1.3 million Facebook fans. In addition, we have partnered with Amazon
           Prime to offer 1-hour or 2-hour deliveries from our stores in selected pilot markets. We will
           continue to explore online ordering opportunities to further connect with our customers.
           In addition to the weekly circulars, we offer numerous other saving opportunities for our
           customers, all of which are meant to reinforce our value offering and are designed to appeal to
           specific target customers. In 2015, we had approximately 31 department-wide promotions at



                                                      9
           each store throughout the year, which included our Vitamin Extravaganza, Frozen Frenzy,
           Gluten-Free Favorites, and Incredible Bulk Sales, in addition to our routine Double-Ad
           Wednesday promotion and 72-Hour Sales.


                                            Our Communities

      We are actively involved in the communities in which we operate, and support many local non-profit
and educational institutions that share our goal of improved health, nutrition and fitness. In 2015, we
formed The Sprouts Healthy Communities Foundation (referred to as our “Foundation”), a registered
501(c)(3) organization focused on fighting food insecurity, increasing health and nutrition education and
assisting those living with the daily challenges of disabilities and health concerns. Our involvement in the
communities we serve, through our Foundation or our stores, takes many forms, including:
     x     Alignment with Certain Causes. Sprouts has undertaken a number of innovative corporate
           fundraising initiatives, including a multi-faceted program with Autism Speaks and the
           Southwest Autism Research and Resource Center. From 2010 through 2014, we raised more
           than $4.9 million through our donations, as well as the donations by our and business
           partners. In 2015, we raised $2.5 million including donations from our business partners and
           customers. Our Foundation has allowed us to expand our reach to additional causes related to
           its mission, including donations to REAL School Gardens to fund the creation of a school
           garden that promotes healthy food choices and nutrition education and to No Kid Hungry to
           fund nutritional programs and support free/reduced school breakfast programs for low-income
           students. In addition, we partnered with Vitamin Angels on two in-store fundraisers in 2015 to
           help connect undernourished children with life changing and lifesaving nutrients.
     x     Donations. Our donation goal is to contribute to the health of families and children and to
           healthy environments through in-kind support. Many donations are made at store level, in the
           form of food donations or gift cards, to qualifying organizations that are aligned with our goals.
           Examples include bananas or water for fundraising road races, reusable bags for health fairs
           and green festivals and gift cards to be used as raffle items or to provide catering for a
           fundraising event. During 2015, we donated over eight million pounds of produce and other
           food to local food banks in the markets in which we operate through our Food Rescue
           Program. We have also adopted the Grab & Give campaign, which encourages customers to
           buy bags of groceries at a discount and then allow us to donate them to food banks in the
           markets in which we operate.
     x     Volunteerism. Our team members are encouraged to help people and organizations in need.
           We have provided major volunteer support for the Arizona Walk Now for Autism Speaks, the
           Phoenix Rescue Mission, REAL School Gardens and various food banks. With an engaged
           base of more than 20,000 team members, we have the ability to use our leverage to support
           causes.


                                     Store Selection and Economics

      We have an extensive and selective process for new store site selection, which includes in-depth
analysis of area demographics, competition, growth potential, traffic patterns, grocery spend and other
key criteria. We have a dedicated real estate team as well as a real estate committee comprised of our
Chief Development Officer and other members of senior management, including our Chief Executive
Officer, President and Chief Operating Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Multiple members of our
committee will also conduct an on-site inspection prior to approving any new location.

      We believe that our store model, combined with our rigorous store selection process and a growing
interest in health and wellness, contribute to our attractive new store returns on investment. Our typical
store requires an average new store cash investment of approximately $3.1 million, consisting of store
buildout (net of contributions from landlords) of approximately $2.6 million, and inventory (net of payables)


                                                     10
and cash pre-opening expenses of approximately $0.5 million. On average, our stores reach a mature
sales growth rate in three or four years after opening, with net sales increasing 20-30% during this time
period. Based on our historical performance, we target net sales of $12-$14 million during the first year
after opening and pre-tax cash-on-cash returns of 35-40% within three to four years after opening. We
believe the consistent performance of our store portfolio across geographies and vintages supports the
portability of the Sprouts brand and store model into a wide range of markets.

      Based on our experience, we believe that our broad product offering and value proposition appeals
to a wider demographic than other leading competitors, including higher-priced health food and gourmet
food retailers. Sprouts has been successful across a variety of urban, suburban and rural locations in
diverse geographies, from California to Georgia, underscoring the heightened interest in eating healthy
across markets. We believe that the U.S. market can support approximately 1,200 Sprouts Farmers
Market stores operating under our current format, and that we have significant growth opportunity in
existing markets, as approximately 400 of these 1,200 potential stores are located in our current markets
(13 states). We intend to achieve 14% annual new store growth over at least the next five years, with a
balanced focus on existing, adjacent and new market growth.

     See “Properties” for additional information with respect to our store locations.


                                                Competition

     The $638 billion U.S. supermarket industry is large, intensely competitive and highly fragmented.
We compete for customers with a wide array of food retailers, including natural and organic, specialty,
conventional, mass and discount and other food retail formats. Our competitors include conventional
supermarkets such as Kroger and Safeway, as well as other food retailers such as Whole Foods, Natural
Grocers by Vitamin Cottage and Trader Joe’s.


                                     Insurance and Risk Management

       We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance to provide for potential liability for workers’
compensation, general liability, product liability, director and officers’ liability, team member healthcare
benefits, and other casualty and property risks. Changes in legal trends and interpretations, variability in
inflation rates, changes in the nature and method of claims settlement, benefit level changes due to
changes in applicable laws, insolvency of insurance carriers, and changes in discount rates could all
affect ultimate settlements of claims. We evaluate our insurance requirements on an ongoing basis to
ensure we maintain adequate levels of coverage.


                                                 Seasonality

     Our business is subject to modest seasonality. Our average weekly sales per store fluctuate
throughout the year and are typically highest in the first half of the fiscal year and lowest during the fourth
quarter. Produce, which contributed approximately 25% of our net sales for the fiscal year ended January
3, 2016, is generally more available in the first six months of our fiscal year due to the timing of peak
growing seasons.


                               Trademarks and Other Intellectual Property

      We believe that our intellectual property has substantial value and has contributed to the success of
our business. In particular, our trademarks, including our registered SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET®,
SPROUTS® and HEALTHY LIVING FOR LESS!® trademarks, are valuable assets that we believe
reinforce our customers’ favorable perception of our stores. In addition to our trademarks, we believe that



                                                      11
our trade dress, which includes the human-scale design, arrangement, color scheme and other physical
characteristics of our stores and product displays, is a large part of the farmers market atmosphere we
create in our stores and enables customers to distinguish our stores and products from those of our
competitors.

      From time to time, third parties have used names similar to ours, have applied to register
trademarks similar to ours and, we believe, have infringed or misappropriated our intellectual property
rights. Third parties have also, from time to time, opposed our trademarks and challenged our intellectual
property rights. We respond to these actions on a case-by-case basis. The outcomes of these actions
have included both negotiated out-of-court settlements as well as litigation.


                                     Information Technology Systems

      We have made significant investments in information technology infrastructure, including
purchasing, receiving, inventory, point of sale, warehousing, distribution, accounting, reporting and
financial systems. We also maintain modern supply chain systems allowing for operating efficiencies and
scalability to support our continued growth. All of our stores operate under one integrated information
technology platform. We believe our current information technology infrastructure will support our growth
plans but plan on continuing our history of investment in this area.


                                           Regulatory Compliance

      Our stores are subject to various local, state and federal laws, regulations and administrative
practices affecting our business. We must comply with provisions regulating health and sanitation
standards, food labeling, equal employment, minimum wages, environmental protection, licensing for the
sale of food and, in many stores, licensing for beer and wine or other alcoholic beverages. Our
operations, including the manufacturing, processing, formulating, packaging, labeling and advertising of
products are subject to regulation by various federal agencies, including the Food and Drug
Administration (referred to as the “FDA”), the Federal Trade Commission (referred to as the “FTC”), the
U.S. Department of Agriculture (referred to as the “USDA”), the Consumer Product Safety Commission
and the Environmental Protection Agency.

      Food. The FDA has comprehensive authority to regulate the safety of food and food ingredients
(other than meat and poultry products), as well as dietary supplements. Food additives and food contact
substances are subject to pre-market approvals or notification requirements. The FDA’s overall food
safety authority was dramatically enhanced in 2011 with the passage of the Food Safety Modernization
Act (referred to as “FSMA”). Implementing regulations, which begin to go into effect in 2016, will require
food processors and handlers to design and implement effective measures to insure food safety.
Additionally, FSMA increases the FDA’s authority to institute administrative detentions of adulterated and
misbranded foods. FSMA is also likely to result in enhanced tracking and tracing of food requirements
and, as a result, added recordkeeping burdens upon our suppliers and contract manufacturers.

       The FDA also exercises broad jurisdiction over the labeling and promotion of food. Labeling is a
broad concept that, under certain circumstances, extends even to product-related claims and
representations made on a company’s website or similar printed or graphic medium. All foods, including
dietary supplements, must bear labeling that provides consumers with essential information with respect
to ingredients, product weight, etc. The FDA administers a systematic review and approval program for
certain “health claims” (claims describing the relationship between a food substance and a health or
disease condition). It has also promulgated regulatory definitions for various “nutrient content claims”
(e.g., “high in antioxidants,” “low in fat,” etc.). In 2014, the FDA issued a proposed rule, still pending, that
would amend the nutrition facts labeling standards on food products, which if adopted, could affect our
costs through mandatory label or signage updates to products sold in our deli department.




                                                       12
       FDA and USDA Enforcement. The FDA has broad authority to enforce the provisions of the Food,
Drug and Cosmetic Act (referred to as “FDCA”) applicable to the safety, labeling, manufacturing and
promotion of foods and dietary supplements, including powers to issue a public warning letter to a
company, publicize information about illegal products, institute an administrative detention of food,
request or order a recall of illegal products from the market, and request the Department of Justice to
initiate a seizure action, an injunction action or a criminal prosecution in the U.S. courts. Similarly, the
USDA’s Food Safety Inspection Service is the public health agency responsible for ensuring that the
nation’s commercial supply of meat, poultry and egg products is safe, wholesome and correctly labeled
and packaged.

      Dietary Supplements. The FDCA has been amended several times with respect to dietary
supplements, in particular by the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act of 1994 (referred to as
“DSHEA”). DSHEA established a framework governing the composition, safety, labeling, manufacturing
and marketing of dietary supplements, defined “dietary supplement” and “new dietary ingredient” and
established new statutory criteria for evaluating the safety of substances meeting the respective
definitions. In the process, DSHEA removed dietary supplements and new dietary ingredients from pre-
market approval requirements that apply to food additives and pharmaceuticals and established a
combination of “notification” and “post marketing controls” for regulating product safety, however, non-
dietary ingredients in a dietary supplement remain subject to the FDA’s food additive authorities. DSHEA
also empowered the FDA to establish binding good manufacturing practice regulations governing key
aspects of the production of dietary supplements.

      Food and Dietary Supplement Advertising. The FTC exercises jurisdiction over the advertising of
foods and dietary supplements. The FTC has the power to institute monetary sanctions and the
imposition of consent decrees and penalties that can severely limit a company’s business practices. In
recent years, the FTC has instituted numerous enforcement actions against dietary supplement
companies for failure to have adequate substantiation for claims made in advertising or for the use of
false or misleading advertising claims.

      Compliance. As is common in our industry, we rely on our suppliers and contract manufacturers to
ensure that the products they manufacture and sell to us comply with all applicable regulatory and
legislative requirements. In general, we seek certifications of compliance, representations and warranties,
indemnification and/or insurance from our suppliers and contract manufacturers. However, even with
adequate insurance and indemnification, any claims of non-compliance could significantly damage our
reputation and consumer confidence in products we sell. In addition, the failure of such products to
comply with applicable regulatory and legislative requirements could prevent us from marketing the
products or require us to recall or remove such products from our stores. In order to comply with
applicable statutes and regulations, our suppliers and contract manufacturers have from time to time
reformulated, eliminated or relabeled certain of their products and we have revised certain provisions of
our sales and marketing program.


                                                 Employees

     As of January 3, 2016, we had more than 20,000 team members. None of our team members are
subject to collective bargaining agreements. We consider our relations with our team members to be
good, and we have never experienced a strike or significant work stoppage.


                                             Corporate Offices

      Our principal executive offices are located at 5455 E. High Street, Suite 111, Phoenix, Arizona
85054. Our website address is www.sprouts.com. The information on or accessible through our website is
not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K or in any other report or document
we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (referred to as the “SEC”).



                                                      13
Item 1A.     Risk Factors
      Certain factors may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results
of operations. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described below, together with all
of the other information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including our consolidated financial
statements and related notes. Any of the following risks could materially and adversely affect our
business, results of operations, financial condition, or prospects and cause the value of our common
stock to decline, which could cause you to lose all or part of your investment.


                                      Business and Operating Risks

Our continued growth depends on new store openings, and our failure to successfully open new
stores could negatively impact our business and stock price.
      Our continued growth depends, in large part, on our ability to open new stores and to operate those
stores successfully. Successful implementation of this strategy depends upon a number of factors,
including our ability to effectively achieve a level of cash flow or obtain necessary financing to support our
expansion; find suitable sites for new store locations; negotiate and execute leases on acceptable terms;
secure and manage the inventory necessary for the launch and operation of our new stores; hire, train
and retain skilled store personnel; promote and market new stores; and address competitive
merchandising, distribution and other challenges encountered in connection with expansion into new
geographic areas and markets. Although we plan to expand our store base primarily through new store
openings, we may grow through strategic acquisitions. Our ability to grow through strategic acquisitions
will depend upon our ability to identify suitable targets and negotiate acceptable terms and conditions for
their acquisition, as well as our ability to obtain financing for such acquisitions, integrate the acquired
stores into our existing store base and retain the customers of such stores. If we are ineffective in
performing these activities, then our efforts to open and operate new stores may be unsuccessful or
unprofitable, and we may be unable to execute our growth strategy.

      Although we believe that the U.S. market can support approximately 1,200 Sprouts Farmers Market
stores operating under our current format, we anticipate that it will take years to grow our store count to
that number. We cannot assure you that we will grow our store count to approximately 1,200 stores. We
opened 27 and 24 stores in fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively, and we intend to achieve 14% annual new
store growth over at least the next five years. However, we cannot assure you that we will achieve this
expected level of new store growth. We may not have the level of cash flow or financing necessary to
support our growth strategy. Additionally, our proposed expansion will place increased demands on our
operational, managerial and administrative resources. These increased demands could cause us to
operate our existing business less effectively, which in turn could cause deterioration in the financial
performance of our existing stores. Further, new store openings in markets where we have existing stores
may result in reduced sales volumes at our existing stores in those markets. If we experience a decline in
performance, we may slow or discontinue store openings, or we may decide to close stores that we are
unable to operate in a profitable manner. If we fail to successfully implement our growth strategy,
including by opening new stores, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely
affected.

      On many of our projects, including build-to-suit and existing repurposed locations, we have received
landlord contributions for leasehold improvements and other build-out costs. We cannot guarantee that
we will be able to continue to receive landlord contributions at the same levels or at all. Any reductions of
landlord contributions could have an adverse impact on our new store cash-on-cash returns and our
operating results.




                                                      14
We may be unable to maintain or increase comparable store sales, which could negatively impact
our business and stock price.
     We may not be able to maintain or improve the levels of comparable store sales that we have
experienced in the past. Our comparable store sales growth could be lower than our historical average for
many reasons, including:
     x     general economic conditions;
     x     slowing in the fresh, natural and organic retail sector;
     x     the impact of new and acquired stores entering into the comparable store base;
     x     the opening of new stores that cannibalize store sales in existing areas;
     x     increased competitive activity;
     x     price changes in response to competitive factors;
     x     possible supply shortages;
     x     cycling against any year of above-average sales results;
     x     consumer preferences, buying trends and spending levels;
     x     product price inflation or deflation;
     x     the number and dollar amount of customer transactions in our stores;
     x     our ability to provide product offerings that generate new and repeat visits to our stores; and
     x     the level of customer engagement that we provide in our stores.

     These factors may cause our comparable store sales results to be materially lower than in recent
periods, which could harm our business and result in a decline in the price of our common stock.

Disruption of significant supplier relationships could negatively affect our business.
      NB is our primary supplier of dry grocery and frozen food products, accounting for approximately
24% and 23% of our total purchases in each of fiscal 2015 and 2014, respectively. We also have
commitments in place with NB to order certain amounts of our distribution-sourced organic and natural
produce, and to maintain certain minimum average annual store purchase volumes, including for any new
stores we open. Our current contractual relationship with NB continues through April 2018. Due to this
concentration of purchases from a single third-party supplier, the cancellation of our distribution
arrangement or the disruption, delay or inability of NB to deliver product to our stores in quantities that
meet our requirements may materially and adversely affect our operating results while we establish
alternative distribution channels. Another 4% of our total purchases in each of fiscal 2015 and 2014 were
made through our secondary supplier, UNFI. Our current contractual relationship with UNFI continues
through December 31, 2018. There is no assurance UNFI or other distributors will be able to fulfill our
needs on favorable terms or at all. In addition, if NB, UNFI or any of our other suppliers fail to comply with
food safety, labeling or other laws and regulations, or face allegations of non-compliance, their operations
may be disrupted. Further, the food distribution and manufacturing industries are dynamic. Consolidation
of distributors or the manufacturers that supply them could reduce our supply options and detrimentally
impact the terms under which we purchase products. We cannot assure you that we would be able to find
replacement suppliers on commercially reasonable terms, which would have a material adverse effect on
our financial condition and results of operations.

Any significant interruption in the operations of our distribution centers or supply chain network
could disrupt our ability to deliver our produce and other products in a timely manner.
     We self-distribute our produce through our two distribution centers located in Arizona and Texas
and a third-party distribution center in California. Any significant interruption in the operation of our


                                                     15
distribution center infrastructure, such as disruptions due to fire, severe weather or other catastrophic
events, power outages, labor disagreements, shipping problems, or contractual disputes with third-party
service providers could adversely impact our ability to distribute produce to our stores. Such interruptions
could result in lost sales and a loss of customer loyalty to our brand. While we maintain business
interruption and property insurance, if the operation of our distribution centers were interrupted for any
reason causing delays in shipment of produce to our stores, our insurance may not be sufficient to cover
losses we experience, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations.

      In addition, unexpected delays in deliveries from vendors that ship directly to our stores or increases
in transportation costs (including through increased fuel costs) could have a material adverse effect on
our financial condition and results of operations. Labor shortages or work stoppages in the transportation
industry, long-term disruptions to the national and international transportation infrastructure, reduction in
capacity and industry-specific regulations such as hours-of-service rules that lead to delays or
interruptions of deliveries could negatively affect our business.

Disruptions to, or security breaches involving, our information technology systems could harm
our ability to run our business.
       We rely extensively on information technology systems for point of sale processing in our stores,
supply chain, financial reporting, human resources and various other processes and transactions. Our
information technology systems are subject to damage or interruption from power outages, computer and
telecommunications failures, computer viruses, security breaches, including breaches of our transaction
processing or other systems that could result in the compromise of confidential customer data,
catastrophic events, and usage errors by our team members. In January 2013, we discovered
sophisticated malware installed on certain credit card “pin pads” in a limited number of our stores
designed to illegally access our customers’ credit card information. We discovered the malware shortly
after it was planted and promptly shut down its access to our systems. In connection with the January
2013 breach, in addition to replacing the affected card terminals for a total cost of approximately
$170,000, we engaged a nationally recognized cybersecurity firm to investigate the incident. The costs
associated with the investigation, and penalties assessed by our credit card vendors, are covered by our
insurance policy, subject to our insurance deductible of $100,000. We have implemented numerous
additional security protocols since the attack in order to further tighten security, but there can be no
assurance similar breaches will not occur in the future, be detected in a timely manner or be covered by
our insurance policy.

      Our information technology systems may also fail to perform as we anticipate, and we may
encounter difficulties in adapting these systems to changing technologies or expanding them to meet the
future needs of our business. If our systems are breached, damaged or cease to function properly, we
may have to make significant investments to fix or replace them, suffer interruptions in our operations,
incur liability to our customers and others, face costly litigation, and our reputation with our customers
may be harmed. Various third parties, such as our suppliers and payment processors, also rely heavily on
information technology systems, and any failure of these systems could also cause loss of sales,
transactional or other data and significant interruptions to our business. Any material interruption in the
information technology systems we rely on may have a material adverse effect on our operating results
and financial condition.

If we are unable to successfully identify market trends and react to changing consumer
preferences in a timely manner, our sales may decrease.
     We believe our success depends, in substantial part, on our ability to:
     x     anticipate, identify and react to natural and organic grocery and dietary supplement trends and
           changing consumer preferences and demographics in a timely manner;




                                                     16
     x     translate market trends into appropriate, saleable product and service offerings in our stores
           before our competitors; and
     x     develop and maintain vendor relationships that provide us access to the newest merchandise
           on reasonable terms.

       Consumer preferences often change rapidly and without warning, moving from one trend to another
among many product or retail concepts. Our performance is impacted by trends regarding healthy
lifestyles, dietary preferences, natural and organic products, and vitamins and supplements. Consumer
preferences towards vitamins, supplements or natural and organic food products might shift as a result of,
among other things, economic conditions, food safety perceptions, scientific research or findings
regarding the benefits or efficacy of such products, national media attention and the cost of these
products. Our store offerings currently include natural and organic products and dietary supplements. A
change in consumer preferences away from our offerings would have a material adverse effect on our
business. Additionally, negative publicity over the safety, efficacy or benefits of any such items may
adversely affect demand for our products, and could result in lower customer traffic, sales and results of
operations.

     If we are unable to anticipate and satisfy consumer preferences in the regions where we operate,
our sales may decrease, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations.

Our newly opened stores may negatively impact our financial results in the short-term, and may
not achieve sales and operating levels consistent with our more mature stores on a timely basis
or at all.
      We have actively pursued new store growth and plan to continue doing so in the future. We cannot
assure you that our new store openings will be successful or reach the sales and profitability levels of our
existing stores. New store openings may negatively impact our financial results in the short-term due to
the effect of store opening costs and lower sales and contribution to overall profitability during the initial
period following opening. New stores build their sales volume and their customer base over time and, as
a result, generally have lower margins and higher operating expenses, as a percentage of net sales, than
our more mature stores. New stores may not achieve sustained sales and operating levels consistent with
our more mature store base on a timely basis or at all. This may have an adverse effect on our financial
condition and operating results.

      In addition, we may not be able to successfully integrate new stores into our existing store base and
those new stores may not be as profitable as our existing stores. Further, we have experienced in the
past, and expect to experience in the future, some sales volume transfer from our existing stores to our
new stores as some of our existing customers switch to new, closer locations. If our new stores are less
profitable than our existing stores, or if we experience sales volume transfer from our existing stores, our
financial condition and operating results may be adversely affected.

We may be unable to maintain or improve our operating margins, which could adversely affect our
financial condition and ability to grow.
       If we are unable to successfully manage the potential difficulties associated with store growth, we may
not be able to capture the efficiencies of scale that we expect from expansion. If we are not able to continue to
capture efficiencies of scale, improve our systems, continue our cost discipline, and maintain appropriate store
labor levels and disciplined product selection, our operating margins may stagnate or decline. In addition,
competition and pricing pressures from competitors may also adversely impact our operating margins. Both
efficiencies from scale and competition could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
condition and results of operations and adversely affect the price of our common stock.




                                                       17
Real or perceived concerns that products we sell could cause unexpected side effects, illness,
injury or death could result in their discontinuance or expose us to lawsuits, either of which could
result in unexpected costs and damage to our reputation.
       There is increasing governmental scrutiny of and public awareness regarding food safety.
Unexpected side effects, illness, injury, or death caused by products we prepare and/or sell or involving
vendors that supply us with products could result in the discontinuance of sales of these products or our
relationship with such vendors or prevent us from achieving market acceptance of the affected products.
Such side effects, illnesses, injuries and death could also expose us to product liability or negligence
lawsuits. Any claims brought against us may exceed our existing or future insurance policy coverage or
limits. Any judgment against us that is in excess of our policy limits would have to be paid from our cash
reserves, which would reduce our capital resources. Further, we may not have sufficient capital resources
to pay a judgment, in which case our creditors could levy against our assets.

      As a fresh, natural and organic retailer, we believe that many customers choose to shop our stores
because of their interest in health, nutrition and food safety. As a result, we believe that our customers
hold us to a high food safety standard. Therefore, real or perceived quality or food safety concerns,
whether or not ultimately based on fact, and whether or not involving products sold at our stores or
vendors that supply us with products, would cause negative publicity and lost confidence regarding our
company, brand, or products, which could in turn harm our reputation and net sales, and could have a
material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition.

If we fail to maintain our reputation and the value of our brand, our sales may decline.
      We believe our continued success depends on our ability to maintain and grow the value of the
Sprouts brand. Maintaining, promoting and positioning our brand and reputation will depend largely on the
success of our marketing and merchandising efforts and our ability to provide a consistent, high-quality
customer experience. Brand value is based in large part on perceptions of subjective qualities, and even
isolated incidents involving our company, our suppliers or the products we sell can erode trust and
confidence, particularly if they involve our private label products, or result in adverse publicity,
governmental investigations or litigation. Our brand could be adversely affected if we fail to achieve these
objectives, or if our public image or reputation were to be tarnished by negative publicity.

The loss of key management could negatively affect our business.
      We are dependent upon a number of key management and other team members. If we were to lose
the services of a significant number of key team members within a short period of time, this could have a
material adverse effect on our operations as we may not be able to find suitable individuals to replace
them on a timely basis, if at all. In addition, any such departure could be viewed in a negative light by
investors and analysts, which may cause our stock price to decline. We do not maintain key person
insurance on any team member.

If we are unable to attract, train and retain team members, we may not be able to grow or
successfully operate our business.
      The food retail industry is labor intensive. Our continued success is dependent upon our ability to
attract and retain qualified team members in our stores and at our regional and store support offices who
understand and appreciate our culture and are able to represent our brand effectively and establish
credibility with our business partners and consumers. We face intense competition for qualified team
members, many of whom are subject to offers from competing employers. Our ability to meet our labor
needs, while controlling wage and labor-related costs, is subject to numerous external factors, including
the availability of a sufficient number of qualified persons in the work force in the markets in which we are
located, unemployment levels within those markets, unionization of the available work force, prevailing
wage rates, changing demographics, health and other insurance costs and changes in employment
legislation. In the event of increasing wage rates, if we fail to increase our wages competitively, the quality
of our workforce could decline, causing our customer engagement to suffer, while increasing our wages



                                                      18
could cause our earnings to decrease. If we are unable to hire and retain team members capable of
meeting our business needs and expectations, our business and brand image may be impaired. Any
failure to meet our staffing needs or any material increase in turnover rates of our team members or team
member wages may adversely affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.

Union attempts to organize our team members could negatively affect our business.
      None of our team members are currently subject to a collective bargaining agreement. As we
continue to grow and enter different regions, unions may attempt to organize all or part of our team
member base at certain stores or within certain regions. Responding to such organization attempts may
distract management and team members and may have a negative financial impact on individual stores,
or on our business as a whole.

Our lease obligations could adversely affect our financial performance and may require us to
continue paying rent for store locations that we no longer operate.
       We are subject to risks associated with our current and future store, distribution center and
administrative office real estate leases. Our high level of fixed lease obligations will require us to use a
portion of cash generated by our operations to satisfy these obligations, and could adversely impact our
ability to obtain future financing, if required, to support our growth or other operational investments. We
will require substantial cash flows from operations to make our payments under our operating leases, all
of which provide for periodic increases in rent. If we are not able to make the required payments under
the leases, the lenders or owners of the relevant stores, distribution centers or administrative offices may,
among other things, repossess those assets, which could adversely affect our ability to conduct our
operations. In addition, our failure to make payments under our operating leases could trigger defaults
under other leases or under agreements governing our indebtedness, which could cause the
counterparties under those agreements to accelerate the obligations due thereunder.

      Further, we generally cannot cancel our leases, so if we decide to close or relocate a location, we
may nonetheless be committed to perform our obligations under the applicable lease, including paying
the base rent for the remaining lease term. In addition, as our leases expire, we may fail to negotiate
renewals, either on commercially acceptable terms or any terms at all, which could materially adversely
affect our business, results of operations or financial condition.

Claims under our insurance plans may differ from our estimates, which could materially impact
our results of operations.
      We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance plans to provide for the potential liabilities for
workers’ compensation, general liability (including, in connection with legal proceedings described under
“—Legal proceedings could materially impact our business, financial condition and results of operations”
below), property insurance, director and officers’ liability insurance, vehicle liability and team member
health-care benefits. Liabilities associated with the risks that are retained by us are estimated, in part, by
considering historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors and other actuarial
assumptions. Our results could be materially impacted by claims and other expenses related to such
plans if future occurrences and claims differ from these assumptions and historical trends.

We may be unable to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our debt service obligations, which
could adversely impact our business.
      As of January 3, 2016, we had outstanding indebtedness of $160.0 million under our credit
agreement (referred to as the “Credit Facility”). We may incur additional indebtedness in the future,
including borrowings under our Credit Facility. Our indebtedness, or any additional indebtedness we may
incur, could require us to divert funds identified for other purposes for debt service and impair our liquidity
position. If we cannot generate sufficient cash flow from operations to service our debt, we may need to




                                                      19
refinance our debt, dispose of assets or issue equity to obtain necessary funds. We do not know whether
we will be able to take any of such actions on a timely basis, on terms satisfactory to us or at all.

    The fact that a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations could be needed to make
payments on this indebtedness could have important consequences, including the following:
     x     reducing our ability to execute our growth strategy, including new store development;
     x     impacting our ability to continue to execute our operational strategies in existing stores;
     x     increasing our vulnerability to general adverse economic and industry conditions;
     x     reducing the availability of our cash flow for other purposes;
     x     limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the market in
           which we operate, which would place us at a competitive disadvantage compared to our
           competitors that may have less debt;
     x     limiting our ability to borrow additional funds; and
     x     failing to comply with the covenants in our debt agreements could result in negative
           consequences, including all of our indebtedness becoming immediately due and payable.

       Our ability to obtain necessary funds through borrowing will depend on our ability to generate cash
flow from operations. Our ability to generate cash is subject to general economic, financial, competitive,
legislative, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond our control. If our business does not generate
sufficient cash flow from operations or if future borrowings are not available to us under our Credit Facility
or otherwise in amounts sufficient to enable us to fund our liquidity needs, our operating results and
financial condition may be adversely affected. Our inability to make scheduled payments on our debt
obligations in the future would require us to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before
maturity, sell assets, delay capital expenditures, or seek additional equity investment.

Covenants in our debt agreements restrict our operational flexibility.
       The agreement governing our Credit Facility contains usual and customary restrictive covenants
relating to our management and the operation of our business, including the following:
     x     incurring additional indebtedness;
     x     making certain investments;
     x     merging, dissolving, liquidating, consolidating, or disposing of all or substantially all of our
           assets;
     x     paying dividends, making distributions, or redeeming capital stock;
     x     entering into transactions with our affiliates; and
     x     granting liens on our assets.

      Our Credit Facility also requires us to maintain a specified total net leverage ratio and minimum
interest coverage ratio at the end of any fiscal quarter at any time the facility is drawn. Our ability to meet
these ratios, if applicable, could be affected by events beyond our control. Failure to comply with any of
the covenants under our Credit Facility could result in a default under the facility, which could cause our
lenders to accelerate the timing of payments and exercise their lien on substantially all of our assets,
which would have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, and financial condition.




                                                       20
                                      Market and Other External Risks

Competition in our industry is intense, and our failure to compete successfully may adversely
affect our revenues and profitability.
      We operate in the highly competitive retail food industry. Our competitors include supermarkets,
natural food stores, mass or discount retailers, warehouse membership clubs, online retailers and
specialty stores. These retailers compete with us for products, customers and locations. We compete on
a combination of factors, primarily product selection and quality, customer engagement, store format,
location and price. Our success depends on our ability to offer products that appeal to our customers’
preferences, and our failure to offer such products could lead to a decrease in our sales. To the extent
that our competitors lower prices, our ability to maintain profit margins and sales levels may be negatively
impacted. In addition, some competitors are aggressively expanding their number of stores or their
product offerings or increasing the space allocated to perishable and specialty foods, including fresh,
natural and organic foods. Some of these competitors may have been in business longer or may have
greater financial or marketing resources than we do and may be able to devote greater resources to
sourcing, promoting and selling their products. As competition in certain areas intensifies or competitors
open stores within close proximity to our stores, our results of operations may be negatively impacted
through a loss of sales, decrease in market share, reduction in margin from competitive price changes or
greater operating costs.

We rely heavily on sales of fresh produce and quality natural and organic products, and product
supply disruptions may have an adverse effect on our profitability and operating results.
      We have a significant focus on perishable products, including fresh produce and natural and organic
products. Sales of produce accounted for approximately 25% and 26% of our net sales in fiscal 2015 and
2014, respectively. Although we have not experienced difficulty to date in maintaining the supply of our
produce and fresh, natural and organic products that meet our quality standards, there is no assurance that
these products will be available to meet our needs in the future. The availability of such products at competitive
prices depends on many factors beyond our control, including the number and size of farms that grow natural
or organic crops or raise livestock that meet our quality, welfare and production standards and the ability of our
vendors to maintain organic, non-genetically modified or other applicable third-party certifications for such
products. Produce is also vulnerable to adverse weather conditions and natural disasters, such as floods,
droughts, storms, frosts, earthquakes, hurricanes and pestilences. Adverse weather conditions and natural
disasters can lower crop yields and reduce crop size and quality, which in turn could reduce the available
supply of, or increase the price of, fresh produce, which may adversely impact sales of our fresh produce and
our other products that rely on produce as a key ingredient.

       In addition, we and our suppliers compete with other food retailers in the procurement of fresh,
natural and organic products, which are often less available than conventional products. If our
competitors significantly increase their fresh, natural and organic product offerings due to increases in
consumer demand or otherwise, we and our suppliers may not be able to obtain a sufficient supply of
such products on favorable terms, or at all, and our sales may decrease, which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We could also suffer
significant inventory losses in the event of disruption of our distribution network or extended power
outages in our distribution centers. If we are unable to maintain inventory levels suitable for our business
needs, it would materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

General economic conditions that impact consumer spending could adversely affect our
business.
       The retail food business is sensitive to changes in general economic conditions. Recessionary
economic cycles, increases in interest rates, higher prices for commodities, fuel and other energy,
inflation, high levels of unemployment and consumer debt, depressed home values, high tax rates and
other economic factors that affect consumer spending and confidence or buying habits may materially
adversely affect the demand for products we sell in our stores. In recent years, the U.S. economy has



                                                       21
experienced volatility due to uncertainties related to energy prices, credit availability, difficulties in the
banking and financial services sectors, decreases in home values and retirement accounts, instability in
foreign markets, high unemployment and falling consumer confidence. As a result, consumers are more
cautious and could shift their spending to lower-priced competition, such as warehouse membership
clubs, dollar stores or extreme value formats, which could have a material and adverse effect on our
operating results and financial condition.

       In addition, inflation or deflation can impact our business. Food deflation, particularly in produce,
could reduce sales growth and earnings if our competitors react by lowering their retail pricing, while food
inflation, when combined with reduced consumer spending, could reduce sales and gross profit margins.
As a result, our operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely affected.

Higher wage and benefit costs could adversely affect our business.
      Changes in federal and state minimum wage laws and other laws relating to employee benefits,
including the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, could cause us to incur additional wage and
benefit costs. Increased labor costs brought about by changes in minimum wage laws, other regulations
or prevailing market conditions would increase our expenses and have an adverse impact on our
profitability.

The current geographic concentration of our stores creates an exposure to local or regional
downturns or catastrophic occurrences.
      As of January 3, 2016, we operated 82 stores in California, making California our largest market
representing 38% of our total stores and 42% of our net sales in Fiscal 2015. We also have store
concentration in Texas, Arizona and Colorado, operating 37, 29 and 27 stores in those states,
respectively, and representing 42% in the aggregate of our net sales in the Fiscal 2015. In addition, we
source a large portion of our produce from California, ranging from approximately 40% to approximately
70% depending on the time of year. As a result, our business is currently more susceptible to regional
conditions than the operations of more geographically diversified competitors, and we are vulnerable to
economic downturns in those regions. Any unforeseen events or circumstances that negatively affect
these areas in which we have stores or from which we obtain products could materially adversely affect
our revenues and profitability. These factors include, among other things, changes in demographics,
population and employee bases, wage increases, changes in economic conditions, severe weather
conditions and other catastrophic occurrences. Such conditions may result in reduced customer traffic
and spending in our stores, physical damage to our stores, loss of inventory, closure of one or more of
our stores, inadequate work force in our markets, temporary disruption in the supply of products, delays in
the delivery of goods to our stores and a reduction in the availability of products in our stores. Any of
these factors may disrupt our business and materially adversely affect our financial condition and results
of operations.

Increased commodity prices and availability may impact profitability.
      Many products we sell include ingredients such as wheat, corn, oils, milk, sugar, cocoa and other
key commodities. Many commodity prices worldwide have been increasing. Any increase in prices of
such key ingredients may cause our vendors to seek price increases from us. We cannot assure you that
we will be able to mitigate vendor efforts to increase our costs, either in whole or in part. In the event we
are unable to continue mitigating potential vendor price increases, we may in turn consider raising our
prices, and our customers may be deterred by any such price increases. Our profitability may be
impacted through increased costs to us which may impact gross margins, or through reduced revenue as
a result of a decline in the number and average size of customer transactions.




                                                      22
Increases in certain costs affecting our marketing, advertising and promotions may adversely
impact our ability to advertise effectively and reduce our profitability.
      Postal rate increases, and increasing paper and printing costs affect the cost of our promotional
mailings. In response to any future increase in mailing costs, we may consider reducing the number and
size of certain promotional pieces. In addition, we rely on discounts from the basic postal rate structure,
such as discounts for bulk mailings and sorting by zip code and carrier routes. We are not party to any
long-term contracts for the supply of paper. Future increases in costs affecting our marketing, advertising
and promotions could adversely impact our ability to advertise effectively and our profitability.

A widespread health epidemic could materially impact our business.
      Our business could be severely impacted by a widespread regional, national or global health
epidemic. A widespread health epidemic may cause customers to avoid public gathering places such as
our stores or otherwise change their shopping behaviors. Additionally, a widespread health epidemic
could also adversely impact our business by disrupting production and delivery of products to our stores
and by impacting our ability to appropriately staff our stores.

We may require additional capital to fund the expansion of our business, and our inability to
obtain such capital could harm our business.
      To support our expanding business, we must have sufficient capital to continue to make significant
investments in our new and existing stores and advertising. We cannot assure you that cash generated
by our operations will be sufficient to allow us to fund such expansion. If cash flows from operations are
not sufficient, we may need additional equity or debt financing to provide the funds required to expand our
business. If such financing is not available on satisfactory terms or at all, we may be unable to expand our
business or to develop new business at the rate desired and our operating results may suffer. Debt
financing increases expenses, may contain covenants that restrict the operation of our business, and
must be repaid regardless of operating results. Equity financing, or debt financing that is convertible into
equity, could result in additional dilution to our existing stockholders.

     Our inability to obtain adequate capital resources, whether in the form of equity or debt, to fund our
business and growth strategies may require us to delay, scale back or eliminate some or all of our
operations or the expansion of our business, which may have a material adverse effect on our business,
operating results, financial condition or prospects.

Increasing energy costs, unless offset by more efficient usage or other operational responses,
may impact our profitability.
       We utilize natural gas, water, sewer and electricity in our stores and use gasoline and diesel in
trucks that deliver products to our stores. We may also be required to pay certain adjustments or other
amounts pursuant to our supply and delivery contracts in connection with increases in fuel prices.
Increases in energy costs, whether driven by increased demand, decreased or disrupted supply,
increased environmental regulations or an anticipation of any such events will increase the costs of
operating our stores. Although fuel prices declined during the second half of 2014 and persisted through
2015, our shipping costs also may increase if fuel and freight prices increase. We may not be able to
recover these rising costs through increased prices charged to our customers, and any increased prices
may exacerbate the risk of customers choosing lower-cost alternatives. In addition, if we are unsuccessful
in attempts to protect against these increases in energy costs through long-term energy contracts,
improved energy procurement, improved efficiency and other operational improvements, the overall costs
of operating our stores will increase, which would impact our profitability, financial condition and results of
operations.




                                                      23
                        Financial Reporting, Legal and Other Regulatory Risks

We, as well as our vendors, are subject to numerous laws and regulations and our compliance
with these laws and regulations may increase our costs, limit or eliminate our ability to sell certain
products, raise regulatory enforcement risks not present in the past, or otherwise adversely affect
our business, reputation, results of operations and financial condition.
      As a retailer of food, vitamins and supplements and a seller of many of our private label products,
we are subject to numerous health and safety laws and regulations. Our suppliers and contract
manufacturers are also subject to such laws and regulations. These laws and regulations apply to many
aspects of our business, including the manufacturing, packaging, labeling, distribution, advertising, sale,
quality and safety of products we sell, as well as the health and safety of our team members and the
protection of the environment. We are subject to regulation by various government agencies, including
the FDA, the USDA, the FTC, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Consumer Product
Safety Commission and the Environmental Protection Agency, as well as various state and local
agencies.

     We are also subject to the USDA’s Organic Rule, which facilitates interstate commerce and the
marketing of organically produced food, and provides assurance to our customers that such products
meet consistent, uniform standards. Compliance with the USDA’s Organic Rule also places a significant
burden on some of our suppliers, which may cause a disruption in some of our product offerings.

      As a retailer of supplements, our sales of vitamins and supplements are regulated under DSHEA, a
statute which is administered by the FDA as part of its responsibilities under the FDCA. DSHEA expressly
permits vitamins and supplements to bear statements describing how a product affects the structure,
function and/or general well-being of the body. However, no statement may expressly or implicitly represent
that a supplement will diagnose, cure, mitigate, treat or prevent a disease.

     New or revised government laws and regulations, such as FSMA, passed in January 2011, portions
of which go into effect in 2016, grant the FDA greater authority over the safety of the national food supply,
as well as increased enforcement by government agencies, and could result in additional compliance
costs and civil remedies. Such regulations mandate that risk-based preventive controls be observed by
the majority of food producers. This authority applies to all domestic food facilities and, by way of
imported food supplier verification requirements, to all foreign facilities that supply food products.

      With respect to both food and dietary supplements, FSMA meaningfully augments the FDA’s ability
to access a producer’s records and a supplier’s records. This increased access could permit the FDA to
identify areas of concern it had not previously considered to be problematic either for us or for our
suppliers. FSMA is also likely to result in enhanced tracking and tracing of food requirements and, as a
result, added recordkeeping burdens upon our suppliers. In addition, under FSMA, the FDA has the
authority to inspect certifications and therefore evaluate whether foods and ingredients from our suppliers
are compliant with the FDA’s regulatory requirements. Such inspections may delay the supply of certain
products or result in certain products being unavailable to us for sale in our stores.

       DSHEA established that no notification to the FDA is required to market a dietary supplement if it
contains only dietary ingredients that were present in the U.S. food supply prior to DSHEA’s enactment.
However, for a dietary ingredient not present in the food supply prior to DSHEA’s enactment, the
manufacturer is required to provide the FDA with information supporting the conclusion that the ingredient
will reasonably be expected to be safe at least 75 days before introducing a new dietary ingredient into
interstate commerce. This or similar informational requirements could materially adversely affect the
availability of dietary supplement products.

      The FDA has broad authority to enforce the provisions of the FDCA applicable to the safety,
labeling, manufacturing and promotion of foods and dietary supplements, including powers to issue a
public warning letter to a company, publicize information about illegal products, institute an administrative
detention of food, request or order a recall of illegal products from the market, and request the



                                                     24
Department of Justice to initiate a seizure action, an injunction action or a criminal prosecution in the U.S.
courts.

      In connection with the marketing and advertisement of products we sell, we could be the target of
claims relating to false or deceptive advertising, including under the auspices of the FTC and the
consumer protection statutes of some states. Furthermore, in recent years, the FDA has been aggressive
in enforcing its regulations with respect to nutrient content claims (e.g., “low fat,” “good source of,” “calorie
free,” etc.), unauthorized “health claims” (claims that characterize the relationship between a food or food
ingredient and a disease or health condition), and other claims that impermissibly suggest therapeutic
benefits for certain foods or food components. These events could interrupt the marketing and sales of
products in our stores, including our private label products, severely damage our brand reputation and
public image, increase the cost of products in our stores, result in product recalls or litigation, and impede
our ability to deliver merchandise in sufficient quantities or quality to our stores, which could result in a
material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

       Our reputation could also suffer from real or perceived issues involving the labeling or marketing of
products we sell as “natural.” Although the FDA and the USDA have each issued statements regarding
the appropriate use of the word “natural,” and the FDA has requests for comment now pending on the
issue, there is no single, U.S. government-regulated definition of the term “natural” for use in the food
industry. The resulting uncertainty has led to consumer confusion, distrust and legal challenges. Plaintiffs
have commenced legal actions against a number of food companies and retailers that market “natural”
products, asserting false, misleading and deceptive advertising and labeling claims, including claims
related to genetically modified ingredients. Should we become subject to similar claims, consumers may
avoid purchasing products from us or seek alternatives, even if the basis for the claim is unfounded.
Adverse publicity about these matters may discourage consumers from buying our products. The cost of
defending against any such claims could be significant. Any loss of confidence on the part of consumers
in the truthfulness of our labeling or ingredient claims would be difficult and costly to overcome and may
significantly reduce our brand value. Any of these events could adversely affect our reputation and brand
and decrease our sales, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition
and results of operations.

We are also subject to laws and regulations more generally applicable to retailers. Compliance
with such laws and regulations may increase our costs, limit or eliminate our ability to sell certain
products or otherwise adversely affect our business, reputation, results of operations or financial
condition.
      We are also subject to laws and regulations more generally applicable to retailers, including labor
and employment, taxation, zoning and land use, environmental protection, workplace safety, public
health, community right-to-know and alcoholic beverage sales. Our stores are subject to unscheduled
inspections on a regular basis, which, if violations are found, could result in the assessment of fines,
suspension of one or more needed licenses and, in the case of repeated “critical” violations, closure of
the store until a re-inspection demonstrates that we have remediated the problem. Further, our new store
openings could be delayed or prevented or our existing stores could be impacted by difficulties or failures
in our ability to obtain or maintain required approvals or licenses. In addition, we are subject to
environmental laws pursuant to which we could be held responsible for all of the costs or liabilities relating
to any contamination at our or our predecessors’ past or present facilities and at third-party waste
disposal sites, regardless of our knowledge of, or responsibility for, such contamination, and such costs
may exceed our environmental liability insurance coverage.

      As is common in our industry, we rely on our suppliers and contract manufacturers to ensure that
the products they manufacture and sell to us comply with all applicable regulatory and legislative
requirements. In general, we seek certifications of compliance, representations and warranties,
indemnification and/or insurance from our suppliers and contract manufacturers. However, even with
adequate insurance and indemnification, any claims of non-compliance could significantly damage our
reputation and consumer confidence in our products. In order to comply with applicable statutes and
regulations, our suppliers and contract manufacturers have from time to time reformulated, eliminated or


                                                       25
relabeled certain of their products and we have revised certain provisions of our sales and marketing
program.

      We cannot predict the nature of future laws, regulations, interpretations or applications, or determine
what effect either additional government regulations or administrative orders, when and if promulgated, or
disparate federal, state and local regulatory schemes would have on our business in the future. They
could, however, increase our costs or require the reformulation of certain products to meet new
standards, the recall or discontinuance of certain products not able to be reformulated, additional
recordkeeping, expanded documentation of the properties of certain products, expanded or different
labeling and/or scientific substantiation. Any or all of such requirements could have a material adverse
effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations.

Legal proceedings could materially impact our business, financial condition and results of
operations.
       Our operations, which are characterized by a high volume of customer traffic and by transactions
involving a wide variety of product selections, carry a higher exposure to consumer litigation risk when
compared to the operations of companies operating in some other industries. Consequently, we may be a
party to individual personal injury, product liability, intellectual property, employment-related and other
legal actions in the ordinary course of our business, including litigation arising from food-related illness or
product labeling. The outcome of litigation, particularly class action lawsuits, is difficult to assess or
quantify. Plaintiffs in these types of lawsuits may seek recovery of very large or indeterminate amounts,
and the magnitude of the potential loss relating to such lawsuits may remain unknown for substantial
periods of time. While we maintain insurance, insurance coverage may not be adequate, and the cost to
defend against future litigation may be significant. There may also be adverse publicity associated with
litigation that may decrease consumer confidence in our business, regardless of whether the allegations
are valid or whether we are ultimately found liable. As a result, litigation may materially adversely affect
our business, financial condition, and results of operations.

We may be unable to adequately protect our intellectual property rights, which could harm our
business.
      We rely on a combination of trademark, trade secret, copyright and domain name law and internal
procedures and nondisclosure agreements to protect our intellectual property. In particular, we believe
our trademarks, including SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET®, SPROUTS® and HEALTHY LIVING FOR
LESS!®, and our domain names, including sprouts.com, are valuable assets. However, there can be no
assurance that our intellectual property rights will be sufficient to distinguish our products and services
from those of our competitors and to provide us with a competitive advantage. From time to time, third
parties may use names and logos similar to ours, may apply to register trademarks or domain names
similar to ours, and may infringe or otherwise violate our intellectual property rights. There can be no
assurance that our intellectual property rights can be successfully asserted against such third parties or
will not be invalidated, circumvented or challenged. Asserting or defending our intellectual property rights
could be time consuming and costly and could distract management’s attention and resources. If we are
unable to prevent our competitors from using names, logos and domain names similar to ours, consumer
confusion could result, the perception of our brand and products could be negatively affected, and our
sales and profitability could suffer as a result. We also license the SPROUTS FARMERS MARKETS
trademark to a third party for use in operating two grocery stores. If the licensee fails to maintain the
quality of the goods and services used in connection with this trademark, our rights to, and the value of,
this and similar trademarks could potentially be harmed. Negative publicity relating to the licensee could
also be incorrectly associated with us, which could harm the business. Failure to protect our proprietary
information could also have a material adverse effect on our business.

      We may also be subject to claims that our activities or the products we sell infringe, misappropriate
or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of others. Any such claims can be time consuming and
costly to defend and may distract management’s attention and resources, even if the claims are without
merit. Such claims may also require us to enter into costly settlement or license agreements (which could,


                                                      26
for example, prevent us from using our trademarks in certain geographies or in connection with certain
products and services), pay costly damage awards, and face a temporary or permanent injunction
prohibiting us from marketing or providing the affected products and services, any of which could have a
material adverse effect on our business.

Changes in accounting standards may materially impact reporting of our financial condition and
results of operations.
       Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and related accounting
pronouncements, implementation guidelines, and interpretations for many aspects of our business, such
as accounting for inventories, goodwill and intangible assets, store closures, leases, insurance, income
taxes, stock-based compensation and accounting for mergers and acquisitions, are complex and involve
subjective judgments. Changes in these rules or their interpretation may significantly change or add
significant volatility to our reported earnings without a comparable underlying change in cash flow from
operations. As a result, changes in accounting standards may materially impact our reported financial
condition and results of operations.

      Specifically, proposed changes to financial accounting standards could require such leases to be
recognized on our balance sheet. In addition to our indebtedness, we have significant obligations relating
to our current operating leases. All of our existing stores are subject to leases, which have average
remaining terms of nine years and, as of January 3, 2016, we had undiscounted operating lease
commitments of approximately $1.3 billion, scheduled through 2032, related primarily to our stores,
including stores that are not yet open. These commitments represent the minimum lease payments due
under our operating leases, excluding common area maintenance, insurance and taxes related to our
operating lease obligations, and do not reflect fair market value rent reset provisions in the leases. These
leases are classified as operating leases and disclosed in Note 19 to our consolidated financial
statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, but are not reflected as liabilities on
our consolidated balance sheets. During fiscal 2015, our rent expense charged under operating leases
was approximately $88.1 million.

We incur substantial costs as a result of being a public company.
       As a public company, we are subject to public company reporting obligations under the Exchange
Act, and the rules and regulations regarding corporate governance practices, including those under the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (referred to as the “Sarbanes-Oxley Act”), the Dodd-Frank Act of 2010, and
the listing requirements of NASDAQ Global Select Market. We incur significant legal, accounting, and
other expenses as a public company, including costs resulting from our public company reporting
obligations and maintenance of corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel
devote a substantial amount of time to ensure that we comply with all of these requirements. The
reporting requirements, rules, and regulations require substantial legal and financial compliance costs
and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly than when we were a private company.

If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting in the future, we may
fail to prevent or detect material misstatements in our financial statements, in which case
investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the
market price of our common stock may decline.
      As a public company, we are required to maintain internal control over financial reporting. Pursuant
to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we are required to file a report by management on the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, and our independent registered public
accounting firm is required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting.

      In connection with management’s assessment of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and
procedures for Fiscal 2013, we concluded a material weakness existed related to our internal controls
with respect to the costing of non-perishable inventories. During Fiscal 2014, we implemented additional



                                                     27
controls and procedures to address this material weakness and management determined that this
material weakness was remediated as of December 28, 2014.

      If we are unable to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, if we identify any
material weaknesses therein, if we are unsuccessful in our efforts to remediate any such material
weakness, if our management is unable to report that our internal control over financial reporting is
effective when required, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an
opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting when required, investors
may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of
our common stock could be negatively affected. In addition, we could become subject to investigations by
NASDAQ Global Select Market, the SEC, or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional
financial and management resources.

If our goodwill becomes impaired, we may be required to record a significant charge to earnings.
       We have a significant amount of goodwill. As of January 3, 2016, we had goodwill of approximately
$368.1 million, which represented 26% of our total assets as of such date. Goodwill is reviewed for
impairment on an annual basis in the fourth fiscal quarter or whenever events occur or circumstances
change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of our reporting unit below its carrying
amount. Fair value is determined based on the discounted cash flows and comparable market values of
our single reporting unit. If the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, the fair value
of the implied goodwill is calculated as the difference between the fair value of our reporting unit and the
fair value of the underlying assets and liabilities, excluding goodwill. In the event an impairment to
goodwill is identified, an immediate charge to earnings in an amount equal to the excess of the carrying
value over the implied fair value would be recorded, which would adversely affect our operating results.
See “Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations—Critical
Accounting Estimates—Goodwill and Intangible Assets.”

      Determining market values using a discounted cash flow method requires that we make significant
estimates and assumptions, including long-term projections of cash flows, market conditions and
appropriate market rates. Our judgments are based on historical experience, current market trends and
other information. In estimating future cash flows, we rely on internally generated forecasts for operating
profits and cash flows, including capital expenditures. Based on our annual impairment test during Fiscal
2013, 2014 and 2015, no goodwill impairment charge was required to be recorded. Changes in estimates
of future cash flows caused by items such as unforeseen events or changes in market conditions could
negatively affect our reporting unit’s fair value and result in an impairment charge. Factors that could
cause us to change our estimates of future cash flows include a prolonged economic crisis, successful
efforts by our competitors to gain market share in our core markets, our inability to compete effectively
with other retailers or our inability to maintain price competitiveness. An impairment of a significant portion
of our goodwill could materially adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.

Our nutrition-oriented educational activities may be impacted by government regulation or our
inability to secure adequate liability insurance.
      We provide nutrition-oriented education to our customers, and these activities may be subject to
state and federal regulation, and oversight by professional organizations. In the past, the FDA has
expressed concerns regarding summarized health and nutrition-related information that (i) does not, in
the FDA’s view, accurately present such information, (ii) diverts a consumer’s attention and focus from
FDA-required nutrition labeling and information or (iii) impermissibly promotes drug-type disease-related
benefits. If our team members or third parties we engage to provide this information do not act in
accordance with regulatory requirements, we may become subject to penalties that could have a material
adverse effect on our business. We believe we are currently in compliance with relevant regulatory
requirements. However, we cannot predict the nature of future government regulation and oversight,
including the potential impact of any such regulation on this activity. Furthermore, the availability of
professional liability insurance or the scope of such coverage may change, or our insurance coverage
may prove inadequate, which may adversely impact the ability of our customer educators to provide some


                                                        28
information to our customers. The occurrence of any such developments could negatively impact the
perception of our brand, our sales and our ability to attract new customers.


                                    Common Stock Ownership Risks

Our stock price may be volatile, and you may not be able to resell your shares at or above the
price you paid for them or at all.

       There is no guarantee that our common stock will appreciate in value or even maintain the price at
which our stockholders have purchased their shares. The trading price of our common stock may be
volatile and subject to wide price fluctuations in response to various factors, many of which are beyond
our control, including the following:
     x     actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly or annual financial results;
     x     the financial guidance we may provide to the public, any changes in such guidance, or our
           failure to meet such guidance;
     x     failure of industry or securities analysts to maintain coverage of our company, changes in
           financial estimates by any industry or securities analysts that follow our company, or our failure
           to meet such estimates;
     x     various market factors or perceived market factors, including rumors, whether or not correct,
           involving us or our competitors;
     x     fluctuations in stock market prices and trading volumes of securities of similar companies;
     x     sales, or anticipated sales, of large blocks of our stock;
     x     short selling of our common stock by investors;
     x     additions or departures of key personnel;
     x     new store openings or entry into new markets by us or by our competitors;
     x     regulatory or political developments;
     x     changes in accounting principles or methodologies;
     x     litigation and governmental investigations;
     x     acquisitions by us or by our competitors; and
     x     general financial market conditions or events.

      Furthermore, the stock markets have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have
affected and continue to affect the market prices of equity securities of many companies. These
fluctuations often have been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those
companies. These and other factors may cause the market price and demand for our common stock to
fluctuate substantially, which may limit or prevent investors from readily selling their shares of common
stock and may otherwise negatively affect the price or liquidity of our common stock. In addition, in the
past, when the market price of a stock has been volatile, holders of that stock have sometimes instituted
securities class action litigation against the company that issued the stock. If any of our stockholders were
to bring a lawsuit against us, we could incur substantial costs defending the lawsuit or paying for
settlements or damages. Such a lawsuit could also divert the time and attention of our management from
our business.




                                                      29
Anti-takeover provisions could impair a takeover attempt and adversely affect existing
stockholders.
     Certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws and applicable provisions of
Delaware law may have the effect of rendering more difficult, delaying, or preventing an acquisition of our
company, even when this would be in the best interest of our stockholders. Our corporate governance
documents include the following provisions:
     x     creating a classified board of directors whose members serve staggered three-year terms;
     x     authorizing “blank check” preferred stock, which could be issued by our board of directors
           without stockholder approval and may contain voting, liquidation, dividend, and other rights
           superior to our common stock;
     x     limiting the liability of, and providing indemnification to, our directors and officers;
     x     prohibiting our stockholders from acting by written consent, thereby requiring stockholder
           action to be taken at an annual or special meeting of stockholders;
     x     prohibiting our stockholders from calling special meetings of stockholders, which may delay
           the ability of our stockholders to force consideration of a proposal or the ability of holders
           controlling a majority of our capital stock to take any action, including the removal of directors;
     x     requiring advance notice of stockholder proposals for business to be conducted at meetings of
           our stockholders and for nominations of candidates for election to our board of directors;
     x     controlling the procedures for the conduct and scheduling of board and stockholder meetings;
     x     providing the board of directors with the express power to postpone previously scheduled
           annual meetings and to cancel previously scheduled special meetings;
     x     permitting newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the authorized number of
           directors or vacancies on our board of directors to be filled only by a majority of our remaining
           directors, even if less than a quorum is then in office, or by a sole remaining director; and
     x     providing that our board of directors is expressly authorized to make, repeal, alter, or amend
           our bylaws.

     In addition, Delaware law imposes conditions on the voting of “control shares” and on certain
business combination transactions with “interested stockholders.”

      These provisions, alone or together, could delay or prevent hostile takeovers and changes in control
or changes in our management. Any provision of our certificate of incorporation or bylaws or Delaware
law that has the effect of delaying or deterring a change in control could limit the opportunity for our
stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our common stock, and could also affect the price
that some investors are willing to pay for our common stock.

If securities or industry analysts cease publishing research or reports about us, our business, or
our market, or if they adversely change their recommendations regarding our stock, our stock
price and trading volume could decline.
       The trading market for our common stock is influenced by the research and reports that industry or
securities analysts may publish about us, our business, our market or our competitors. If we do not
maintain adequate research coverage, or if any of the analysts who may cover us downgrade our stock or
publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business or provide relatively more favorable
recommendations about our competitors, our stock price could decline. If any analyst who may cover us
were to cease coverage of our company or fail to regularly publish reports on us, we could lose visibility in
the financial markets, which in turn could cause our stock price or trading volume to decline.




                                                       30
Since we do not expect to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future, investors may be
forced to sell their stock in order to obtain a return on their investment.
     We do not anticipate declaring or paying in the foreseeable future any cash dividends on our capital
stock. Instead, we plan to retain any earnings to finance our operations and growth plans. In addition, our
Credit Facility contains covenants that would restrict our ability to pay cash dividends. Accordingly,
investors must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as
the only way to realize any return on their investment. As a result, investors seeking cash dividends
should not purchase our common stock.

Item 1B.          Unresolved Staff Comments
        None.


Item 2.           Properties
        As of January 3, 2016, we had 217 stores located in thirteen states, as shown in the chart below:

State                                                   Number of Stores State                                                     Number of Stores
Alabama ...........................................                    3 Nevada ..............................................                   5
Arizona .............................................                 29 New Mexico.......................................                       7
California ..........................................                 82 Oklahoma ..........................................                     7
Colorado...........................................                   27 Tennessee.........................................                      2
Georgia.............................................                   8 Texas.................................................                 37
Kansas .............................................                   3 Utah...................................................                 5
Missouri ............................................                  2

     In fiscal 2014, we opened 24 new stores, and in fiscal 2015 we opened 27 new stores. As of
February 25, 2016, we have opened seven stores in fiscal 2016, bringing our total store count to 224.

       We lease all of our stores from unaffiliated third parties. A typical store lease is for an initial 10 to 20
year term with four renewal options of five years each. We expect that we will be able to renegotiate
these leases or relocate these stores as necessary. In addition to new store openings, we remodel or
relocate stores periodically in order to improve performance. In fiscal 2015, we remodeled six stores and
in fiscal 2016, we plan to remodel approximately six stores.

      As of January 3, 2016, we leased our two distribution warehouses, as well as our current corporate
office in Phoenix, Arizona, from unaffiliated third parties. Information about such facilities is set forth in the
table below:

                       Facility                                                                State      Square Footage*
                       Corporate Office...................................................     Arizona              71,000
                       Distribution Warehouse .......................................          Arizona             106,000
                       Distribution Warehouse .......................................           Texas              117,000
*       Rounded to the nearest 1,000 square feet

     We believe our portfolio of long-term leases is a valuable asset supporting our retail operations, but
we do not believe that any individual store property is material to our financial condition or results of
operations.




                                                                        31
Item 3.     Legal Proceedings
      From time to time we are a party to legal proceedings, including matters involving personnel and
employment issues, product liability, personal injury, intellectual property and other proceedings arising in
the ordinary course of business, which have not resulted in any material losses to date. Although
management does not expect that the outcome in these proceedings will have a material adverse effect
on our financial condition or results of operations, litigation is inherently unpredictable. Therefore, we
could incur judgments or enter into settlements of claims that could materially impact our results.

Item 4.     Mine Safety Disclosures
     Not applicable.




                                                     32
                                                                   PART II

Item 5.        Market for Registrant’s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer
               Purchases of Equity Securities
Market Information
     Our common stock began trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol “SFM” on
August 1, 2013. The price range per share of common stock presented below represents the highest and
lowest closing prices for our common stock on the NASDAQ Global Select Market for each full quarterly
period for fiscal years 2014 and 2015.

                                                                                                 High         Low
                    2014
                    First quarter........................................................... $    40.09   $    33.92
                    Second quarter ..................................................... $        38.35   $    25.73
                    Third quarter ......................................................... $     33.18   $    29.10
                    Fourth quarter ....................................................... $      32.94   $    27.17

                                                                                                 High         Low
                    2015
                    First quarter........................................................... $    38.45   $    32.56
                    Second quarter ..................................................... $        36.13   $    26.98
                    Third quarter ......................................................... $     27.77   $    16.41
                    Fourth quarter ....................................................... $      27.34   $    19.75

     The closing price of our common stock as of February 24, 2016 was $25.21 per share, and the
number of stockholders of record of our common stock as of February 24, 2016 was 80. This number
excludes stockholders whose stock is held in nominee or street name by brokers.

Dividend Policy
       Since we became a publicly traded company on August 1, 2013, we have not declared or paid, and
do not anticipate declaring or paying in the foreseeable future, any cash dividends on our capital stock.
Any future determination as to the declaration and payment of dividends, if any, will be at the discretion of
our board of directors and will depend on then existing conditions, including our operating results,
financial condition, contractual restrictions, capital requirements, business prospects, and other factors
our board of directors may deem relevant. Our Credit Facility contains covenants that would restrict our
ability to pay cash dividends.

Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities
    The following table provides information about our share repurchase activity during the fourteen
weeks ended January 3, 2016.

                                                                                                      Approximate dollar
                                                                                      Total number of   value of shares
                                                                                     shares purchased that may yet be
                                                              Total number Average as part of publicly purchased under
                                                                of shares price paid announced plans     the plans or
                           Period (1)                          purchased per share or programs (2)       programs (2)
      October 26, 2015 - November 29, 2015 ...                        761,606 $     24.04             761,606 $     131,690,992
      November 30, 2015 - January 3, 2016 .....                       306,673       24.62             306,673       124,140,703
      Total ....................................................... 1,068,279 $     24.31           1,068,279

(1)   Periodic information is presented by reference to our fiscal periods during the fourth quarter of fiscal
      year 2015.


                                                                       33
(2)     On November 4, 2015, our Board of Directors authorized a $150 million common stock share
        repurchase program. The shares may be purchased from time to time over a two year period,
        subject to general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open
        market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or other means, including through Rule 10b5-1
        trading plans. The purchase program may be commenced, suspended or discontinued at any time.

Performance Graph
      The graph set forth below compares the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock
between August 1, 2013 (the date our stock began trading on the Nasdaq Global Select Market) and
January 3, 2016, with the cumulative total return of (i) the Nasdaq Composite Index and (ii) the S&P Food
Retail Index, over the same period.

      The comparison assumes that $100.00 was invested in our common stock, the Nasdaq Composite
Index and the S&P Food Retail Index, and assumes reinvestment of dividends, if any. The graph
assumes the initial value of our common stock on August 1, 2013 was the closing sale price on that day
of $40.11 per share and not the initial offering price to the public of $18.00 per share. The performance
shown on the graph below is based on historical results and is not intended to suggest future
performance.

                     COMPARISON OF 29 MONTH CUMULATIVE TOTAL RETURN*
               Among Sprouts Farmers Market Inc., the NASDAQ Composite Index, and the S&P Food Retail Index



  $160

  $140

  $120

  $100

      $80

      $60

      $40

      $20

       $0




                    Sprouts Farmers Market Inc.                          NASDAQ Composite                     S&P Food Retail




                *$100 invested on 8/1/13 in stock or 7/31/13 in index, including reinvestment of dividends.
                Indexes calculated on month-end basis.

                Copyright© 2016 S&P, a division of McGraw Hill Financial. All rights reserved.


      This performance graph shall not be deemed “soliciting material” or to be “filed” with the SEC for
purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities under that section, and
shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. under
the Securities Act or the Exchange Act.




                                                                    34
Item 6.      Selected Financial Data

                                                 Fiscal         Fiscal         Fiscal         Fiscal        Fiscal
                                                2015(5)        2014(4)        2013(3)        2012(2)       2011(1)
                                                           (dollars in thousands, except per share data)
Statements of Operations Data:
Net sales .................................................. $3,593,031 $2,967,424 $2,437,911 $1,794,823 $1,105,879
Cost of sales, buying and occupancy....... 2,541,403 2,082,221 1,712,644 1,264,514                          794,905
   Gross profit .......................................... 1,051,628       885,203    725,267    530,309    310,974
Direct store expenses...............................            706,044    581,621    496,183    368,323    238,245
Selling, general and administrative
  expenses ...............................................      106,412     95,397     81,795     86,364     58,528
Amortization of Henry’s trade names and
  capitalized software...............................                —          —          —          —      32,202
Store pre-opening costs ...........................               8,616      7,749      5,734      2,782      1,338
Store closure and exit costs .....................                1,802        725      2,051      2,155      6,382
   Income (loss) from operations.............                   228,754    199,711    139,504     70,685    (25,721)
Interest expense.......................................         (17,723)   (25,063)   (37,203)   (35,488)   (19,813)
Other income............................................            443        596        487        562        358
Loss on extinguishment of debt ...............                   (5,481)    (1,138)   (18,721)      (992)        —
   Income (loss) before income taxes .....                      205,993    174,106     84,067     34,767    (45,176)
Income tax (provision) benefit ..................               (77,002)   (66,414)   (32,741)   (15,267)    17,731
   Net income (loss) ................................ $ 128,991 $ 107,692 $ 51,326 $ 19,500 $ (27,445)
Per Share Data:
Net income (loss) per share—basic ......... $                      0.84 $     0.72 $     0.38 $     0.16 $    (0.28)
Net income (loss) per share—diluted....... $                       0.83 $     0.70 $     0.37 $     0.16 $    (0.28)
Weighted average shares outstanding—
  basic ......................................................  153,099    149,751    134,622    119,427     96,954
Weighted average shares outstanding—
  diluted ....................................................  155,877    154,328    139,765    121,781     96,954

                                                Fiscal         Fiscal        Fiscal          Fiscal         Fiscal
                                                 2015           2014          2013          2012(2)        2011(1)
Pro forma comparable store sales
  growth(6) ..............................................       5.8%    9.9%   10.7%    9.7%    5.1%
Pro forma stores at end of period ........                       217     191     167     148     138
Other Operating Data:
Stores at beginning of period ...................                191     167     148     103      43
Opened.....................................................       27      24      19       9       7
Acquired ...................................................      —       —       —       37      56
Closed ......................................................     (1)     —       —       (1)     (3)
Stores at end of period(7) ........................              217     191     167     148     103
Gross square feet at end of period........... 5,976,780 5,252,851 4,582,743 4,064,888 2,721,430
Average store size at end of period
  (gross square feet) ................................        27,572  27,502  27,442  27,465  26,422




                                                          35
                                                                                 As of
                                                   January 3,     December 28, December 29, December 30, January 1,
                                                     2016             2014         2013       2012(2)     2012(1)
Balance Sheet Data
Cash and cash equivalents ............................. $ 136,069 $ 130,513 $             77,652 $  67,211 $ 14,542
Total assets ..................................................... 1,426,364 1,369,073 1,172,404 1,103,236 761,646
Total capital and finance lease obligations,
 including current portion...............................            130,472   150,698   119,572   107,639 75,409
Total long-term debt, including current portion .....                160,000   256,357   311,240   426,544 294,764
Total stockholders’ equity................................           822,992   685,389   513,771   386,755 267,453

(1)   The period from January 3, 2011 through April 18, 2011 reflects the sales and expenses directly
      attributable to Henry’s operations and include allocations of expenses from Henry’s previous parent
      company. These expenses were allocated to Henry’s on the basis that was considered to reflect fairly or
      reasonably the utilization of the services provided to, or the benefit obtained by, Henry’s. Historical
      financial statements for Henry’s prior to April 18, 2011 do not reflect the interest expense or debt Henry’s
      might have incurred if it had been a stand-alone entity. Additionally, we would have expected to incur
      other expenses not reflected in our historical financial statements prior to April 18, 2011, if Henry’s had
      operated as a stand-alone entity. Commencing on April 18, 2011, our consolidated financial statements
      also include the financial position, results of operations and cash flows of the business we operated prior
      to the acquisition of Henry’s (such prior business referred to as “Sprouts Arizona”).
(2)   For the period from April 18, 2011 to May 28, 2012 our consolidated financial statements include the
      financial position results of operations and cash flows of Henry’s and Sprouts Arizona. Commencing
      on May 29, 2012, our consolidated financial statements also include the financial position, results of
      operations and cash flows of Sunflower. Fiscal 2012 included $19.5 million of expenses related to
      the acquisition and integration of Sunflower and Henry’s.
(3)   Fiscal 2013 selling, general and administrative expense included $3.2 million for IPO related
      bonuses and $2.0 million for expenses related to our November 2013 secondary offering.
(4)   Fiscal 2014 selling, general and administrative expense included $2.6 million for expenses related
      to our April 2014 secondary offering and our August 2014 secondary offering.
(5)   Fiscal 2015 includes 53 weeks.
(6)   Pro forma comparable store sales growth reflects comparable store sales growth calculated
      including stores acquired in the Transactions for all reported periods. Our practice is to include sales
      from a store in comparable store sales beginning on the first day of the 61st week following the
      store’s opening and to exclude sales from a closed store from comparable store sales on the day of
      closure. We include sales from an acquired store in comparable store sales on the later of (i) the
      day of acquisition or (ii) the first day of the 61st week following the store’s opening. We use pro
      forma comparable store sales to calculate pro forma comparable store sales growth.
(7)   During fiscal 2014, we also relocated one store.

      Supplemental Pro Forma Data—Net Sales
                                          Fiscal         Fiscal             Fiscal          Fiscal      Fiscal
                                          2015           2014                2013           2012        2011
                                                                   (dollars in thousands)
Net sales—actual ........................... $3,593,031 $2,967,424 $2,437,911 $1,794,823 $1,105,879
Pro forma adjustments(a)...............              —          —          —     196,140    616,776
Pro forma net sales ........................ $3,593,031 $2,967,424 $2,437,911 $1,990,963 $1,722,655
Pro forma comparable store sales
 growth(b) .....................................    5.8%       9.9%      10.7%       9.7%       5.1%

(a)   Pro forma adjustments reflect the net sales of Sprouts Arizona and Sunflower for all periods
      reported.
(b)   Pro forma comparable store sales growth is calculated including all stores acquired in the
      Transactions for all periods reported.



                                                        36
Item 7.     Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of
            Operations
      You should read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of
operations together with the consolidated financial statements and related notes that are included
elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. This discussion contains forward-looking statements
based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ
materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors,
including those set forth under “Risk Factors” or in other parts of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Please
also see the section entitled “Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements.”

                                           Business Overview

      Sprouts Farmers Market operates as a healthy grocery store that offers fresh, natural and organic
food that includes fresh produce, bulk foods, vitamins and supplements, grocery, meat and seafood, deli,
bakery, dairy, frozen foods, body care and natural household items catering to consumers’ growing
interest in eating and living healthier. Since our founding in 2002, we have grown rapidly, significantly
increasing our sales, store count and profitability. With 217 stores in 13 states as of January 3, 2016, we
are one of the largest specialty retailers of fresh, natural and organic food in the United States. As of
February 24, 2016, we have grown to 224 stores in 13 states.

      At Sprouts, we believe healthy living is a journey and every meal is a choice. The cornerstones of
our business are fresh, natural and organic products at compelling prices (which we refer to as “Healthy
Living for Less”), an attractive and differentiated shopping experience featuring a broad selection of
innovative healthy products, and knowledgeable team members who we believe provide best-in-class
customer engagement and product education.

                                               Our History

      In 2002, we opened the first Sprouts Farmers Market store in Chandler, Arizona. From our founding
in 2002 through January 3, 2016, we continued to open new stores while successfully rebranding 43
Henry’s Farmers Market (referred to as “Henry’s”) and 39 Sunflower Farmers Market (referred to as
“Sunflower”) stores added through acquisitions to the Sprouts banner (referred to as the “Transactions”).
These three businesses all trace their lineage back to Henry’s Farmers Market and were built with similar
store formats and operations including a strong emphasis on value, produce and service in smaller,
convenient locations. The consistency of these formats and operations was an important factor that
allowed us to rapidly and successfully rebrand and integrate each of these businesses under the Sprouts
banner and on a common platform.

                                                 Outlook

      We are pursuing a number of strategies designed to continue our growth, including expansion of our
store base, continuing positive comparable store sales and growing the Sprouts brand. We intend to
continue expanding our store base by pursuing new store openings in our existing markets, expanding
into adjacent markets and penetrating new markets. Although we plan to expand our store base primarily
through new store openings, we may grow through strategic acquisitions if we identify suitable targets
and are able to negotiate acceptable terms and conditions for acquisition. We intend to achieve 14%
annual new store growth for at least the next five years, including 36 planned new store openings in 2016,
of which seven have opened as February 24, 2016.

     We also believe we can continue to improve our comparable store sales growth by enhancing our
core value proposition and distinctive customer-oriented shopping experience, as well as through
expanding and refining our fresh, natural and organic product offerings, our targeted and personalized
marketing efforts and our in-store education. We are committed to growing the Sprouts brand by



                                                    37
supporting our stores, product offerings and corporate partnerships, including the expansion of innovative
marketing and promotional strategies through print, digital and social media platforms.

                                     Components of Operating Results

      We report our results of operations on a 52- or 53-week fiscal year ending on the Sunday closest to
December 31, with each fiscal quarter generally divided into three periods consisting of two four-week
periods and one five-week period. Fiscal 2015 was a 53-week year ending on January 3, 2016. Fiscal
2014 and 2013 were 52-week years ending on December 28, 2014 and December 29, 2013, respectively.
In the discussion below, we discuss the impact of the 53rd week of Fiscal 2015 on our financial results.

Net Sales
      We recognize sales revenue at the point of sale, with discounts provided to customers reflected as a
reduction in sales revenue. Proceeds from sales of gift cards are recorded as a liability at the time of sale,
and recognized as sales when they are redeemed by the customer. In 2015, we determined that we had
sufficient data to estimate gift card breakage. We began recording an allowance for breakage on gift
cards based on historical experience, and recorded $0.7 million of gift card breakage related to prior
period gift card sales. We do not include sales taxes in net sales.

      We monitor our comparable store sales growth to evaluate and identify trends in our sales
performance. Pro forma comparable store sales growth reflects comparable store sales growth on a pro
forma basis calculated including all stores acquired in the Transactions. Our practice is to include sales
from a store in comparable store sales beginning on the first day of the 61st week following the store’s
opening and to exclude sales from a closed store from comparable store sales beginning on the day of
closure. We include sales from an acquired store in comparable store sales on the later of (i) the day of
acquisition or (ii) the first day of the 61st week following the store’s opening. This practice may differ from
the methods that other retailers use to calculate similar measures. We use pro forma comparable store
sales to calculate pro forma comparable store sales growth. See the table titled “Supplemental Pro Forma
Data—Net Sales” in Item 6. Selected Financial Data.

     Our net sales have increased as a result of new store openings and comparable store sales growth
and the additional week in Fiscal 2015. Factors that influence comparable store sales growth and other
sales trends include:
     x      general economic conditions and trends, including levels of disposable income and consumer
            confidence;
     x      consumer preferences and buying trends;
     x      our ability to identify market trends, and to source and provide product offerings that promote
            customer traffic and growth in average ticket;
     x      the number of customer transactions and average ticket;
     x      the prices of our products, including the effects of inflation and deflation;
     x      opening new stores in the vicinity of our existing stores;
     x      advertising, in-store merchandising and other marketing activities; and
     x      our competition, including competitive store openings in the vicinity of our stores and
            competitor pricing and merchandising strategies.

Cost of sales, buying and occupancy and gross profit
     Cost of sales includes the cost of inventory sold during the period, including direct costs of
purchased merchandise (net of discounts and allowances), distribution and supply chain costs, buying



                                                       38
costs and supplies. Merchandise incentives received from vendors are reflected in the carrying value of
inventory when earned or as progress is made toward earning the rebate or allowance, and are reflected
as a component of cost of sales as the inventory is sold. Inflation and deflation in the prices of food and
other products we sell may periodically affect our gross profit and gross margin. The short-term impact of
inflation and deflation is largely dependent on whether or not we pass the effects through to our
customers, which will depend upon competitive market conditions.

     Occupancy costs include store rental, property taxes, utilities, common area maintenance,
amortization of favorable and unfavorable leasehold interests and property insurance. Occupancy costs
do not include building depreciation, which is classified as a direct store expense.

      Our cost of sales, buying and occupancy and gross profit are correlated to sales volumes. As sales
increase, gross margin is affected by the relative mix of products sold, pricing strategies, inventory
shrinkage and improved leverage of fixed costs of sales, buying and occupancy.

Direct store expenses
     Direct store expenses consist of store-level expenses such as salaries and benefits, related equity-
based compensation, supplies, depreciation and amortization for buildings, store leasehold
improvements, equipment and other store specific costs. As sales increase, direct store expenses
generally decline as a percentage of sales.

Selling, general and administrative expenses
    Selling, general and administrative expenses primarily consist of salaries and benefits costs, equity-
based compensation, advertising, acquisition-related costs and corporate overhead.

      We charge third-parties to place advertisements in our in-store guide and newspaper circulars. We
record consideration received from vendors in connection with cooperative advertising programs as a
reduction to advertising costs when the allowance represents reimbursement of a specific and identifiable
cost. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred.

Store pre-opening costs
     Store pre-opening costs include rent expense during construction of new stores and costs related to
new store openings, including costs associated with hiring and training personnel and other
miscellaneous costs. Store pre-opening costs are expensed as incurred.

Store closure and exit costs
      We recognize a reserve for future operating lease payments associated with facilities that are no
longer being utilized in our current operations. The reserve is recorded based on the present value of the
remaining non-cancelable lease payments after the cease use date less an estimate of subtenant
income. If subtenant income is expected to be higher than the lease payments, no accrual is recorded.
Lease payments included in the closed store reserve are expected to be paid over the remaining terms of
the respective leases. Our assumptions about subtenant income are based on our experience and
knowledge of the area in which the closed property is located, guidance received from local brokers and
agents and existing economic conditions. Adjustments to the closed store reserve relate primarily to
changes in actual or estimated subtenant income and changes in actual lease payments from original
estimates. Adjustments are made for changes in estimates in the period in which the change becomes
known, considering timing of new information regarding market, subleases or other lease updates.
Changes in reserve estimates are classified as store closure and exit costs in the consolidated
statements of operations.




                                                    39
Provision for income taxes
      On July 29, 2013, Sprouts Farmers Markets, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, converted
into Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc., a Delaware corporation. See “—Factors Affecting Comparability of
Result of Operations—Corporate Conversion.” The corporate conversion has not had a material impact
on our results of operations, financial position or cash flows since we were treated as a corporation for
income tax purposes prior to the conversion.

                       Factors Affecting Comparability of Results of Operations

Additional Week in 2015
      Fiscal 2015 consists of 53 weeks. The 53rd week resulted in additional sales and expenses as
further discussed in “—Comparison of Fiscal 2015 to Fiscal 2014” below.

Adoption of Deferred Tax Asset Guidance
      In Fiscal 2015, we adopted the guidance under Financial Accounting Standards Board (“FASB”)
Accounting Standards Update (“ASU”) No. 2015-17, “Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet
Classification of Deferred Taxes”. ASU No. 2015-17 requires that deferred tax liabilities and assets be
classified as noncurrent in our consolidated balance sheet. We elected to early adopt the guidance
prospectively, and as such, did not restate prior periods to conform to the current presentation.

April 2015 Refinancing
     In April 2015, we completed a transaction in which we refinanced our debt (referred to as the “April
2015 Refinancing”), as further discussed in “—Liquidity and Capital Resources” below. The April 2015
Refinancing resulted in an decrease in borrowings, a reduction in interest rate and the recording of a loss
on extinguishment of debt.

April 2013 Refinancing
     In April 2013, we completed a transaction in which we refinanced our debt (the “April 2013
Refinancing”) and made a distribution to our equity and option holders, as further discussed in “—Liquidity
and Capital Resources” below. The April 2013 Refinancing resulted in an increase in borrowings, a
reduction in interest rate and the recording of a loss on extinguishment of debt.

Corporate Conversion
        In connection with our IPO, on July 29, 2013, Sprouts Farmers Markets, LLC, a Delaware limited
liability company, converted into Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc., a Delaware corporation. As part of the
corporate conversion, holders of membership interests of Sprouts Farmers Markets, LLC in the form of
Class A and Class B units received 11 shares of our common stock for each unit held immediately prior to
the corporate conversion, and options to purchase units became options to purchase 11 shares of our
common stock for each unit underlying options outstanding immediately prior to the corporate conversion,
at the same aggregate exercise price in effect prior to the corporate conversion. For the convenience of
the reader, except where the context otherwise requires, information in this Annual Report on Form 10-K
has been presented giving effect to the corporate conversion. The corporate conversion has not had a
material impact on the comparability of our results of operations, since we were treated as a corporation
for income tax purposes prior to the conversion.

IPO
     On August 6, 2013, we completed our initial public offering of 21,275,000 shares of common stock
of Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc., including 2,775,000 shares of common stock issued as a result of the
exercise in full of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares, at a price of $18.00 per share.


                                                     40
We sold 20,477,215 shares of common stock, including the additional shares, and certain stockholders
sold the remaining 797,785 shares.

      We received net proceeds from our IPO of approximately $344.1 million, after deducting
underwriting discounts and offering expenses. We used the net proceeds to repay $340.0 million of
outstanding indebtedness under our former term loan and for general corporate purposes. We recorded a
loss on extinguishment of debt related to the repayment.




                                                  41
                              Results of Operations for Fiscal 2015, 2014 and 2013

      The following tables set forth our results of operations and other operating data for the periods
presented. The period-to-period comparison of financial results is not necessarily indicative of financial
results to be achieved in future periods. Fiscal 2015 consisted of 53 weeks, while each of Fiscal 2014 and
Fiscal 2013 consisted of 52 weeks.

                                                                              Fiscal 2015         Fiscal 2014    Fiscal 2013
                                                                                                (in thousands)
          Consolidated Statement of Operations
            Data:
          Net sales ......................................................... $3,593,031 $2,967,424 $2,437,911
          Cost of sales, buying and occupancy.............. 2,541,403 2,082,221 1,712,644
             Gross profit ................................................. 1,051,628       885,203    725,267
          Direct store expenses......................................            706,044    581,621    496,183
          Selling, general and administrative expenses ....                      106,412     95,397     81,795
          Store pre-opening costs ..................................               8,616      7,749      5,734
          Store closure and exit costs ............................                1,802        725      2,051
             Income from operations..............................                228,754    199,711    139,504
          Interest expense..............................................         (17,723)   (25,063)   (37,203)
          Other income...................................................            443        596        487
          Loss on extinguishment of debt ......................                   (5,481)    (1,138)   (18,721)
             Income before income taxes ......................                   205,993    174,106     84,067
          Income tax provision .......................................           (77,002)   (66,414)   (32,741)
             Net income ................................................. $ 128,991 $ 107,692 $ 51,326

                                                                                  Fiscal 2015    Fiscal 2014     Fiscal 2013
          Other Operating Data:
          Pro forma comparable store sales growth .........                             5.8%            9.9%           10.7%
          Stores at beginning of period .............................                   191             167            148
             Opened..........................................................            27              24             19
             Acquired ........................................................           —               —               —
             Closed ...........................................................          (1)             —               —
          Stores at end of period .......................................               217             191            167

* Presented on a comparable 52 week basis.




                                                                     42
                                   Comparison of Fiscal 2015 to Fiscal 2014

Net sales

                                                           Fiscal 2015      Fiscal 2014      Change       % Change
                                                                           (dollars in thousands)
     Net sales ......................................................... $3,593,031 $2,967,424 $625,607        21%
     Comparable store sales growth ......................                       5.8%       9.9%

     Net sales increased during 2015 as compared to 2014, primarily as a result of (i) sales growth at
stores operated prior to 2015, (ii) new store openings and (iii) the 53rd week included in 2015.

      Net sales growth at stores operated prior to December 28, 2014 contributed $376.2 million, or 60%
of the increase in net sales for 2015. New store openings during 2015 contributed $249.4 million, or 40%,
of the increase in net sales during 2014. Included in those increases were a total of $68.1 million of net
sales attributable to the 53rd week in 2015.

Cost of sales, buying and occupancy and gross profit

                                                        Fiscal 2015      Fiscal 2014      Change          % Change
                                                                         (dollars in thousands)
     Net sales .................................................... $3,593,031 $2,967,424 $625,607             21%
     Cost of sales, buying and occupancy ........ 2,541,403                     2,082,221  459,182             22%
     Gross profit ................................................ 1,051,628      885,203  166,425             19%
     Gross margin .............................................           29.3%      29.8%     (0.5)%

      Cost of sales, buying and occupancy increased during 2015 compared to 2014, primarily due to the
increase in sales from comparable store sales growth, new store openings and the 53rd week in 2015.
Gross profit increased $186.6 million as a result of increased sales volume, offset by a decrease of $20.2
million related to decreased margin. The gross margin decrease was primarily driven by continued price
investments in certain categories and produce tightness due to adverse weather conditions and West
Coast port strikes that limited product availability, compared to a very strong produce season in the prior
year. The impact of the 53rd week on gross margin was insignificant.

Direct store expenses

                                                           Fiscal 2015    Fiscal 2014      Change         % Change
                                                                          (dollars in thousands)
     Direct store expenses..................................... $ 706,044 $ 581,621 $124,423                   21%
     Percentage of net sales...................................      19.7%     19.6%     0.1%

       Direct store expenses increased $124.4 million, due to a $64.1 million increase in direct store
expenses associated with stores operated prior to 2015 and $60.3 million of direct store expenses related
to stores opened during 2015. Included in that increase was approximately $12.7 million of direct store
expenses attributable to the 53rd week in 2015. Direct store expenses, as a percentage of net sales, was
relatively flat year over year. Lower bonus expense was offset by increased training and by higher payroll
costs due to an extra holiday in the year. The impact of the 53rd week on direct store expenses was
insignificant.




                                                           43
Selling, general and administrative expenses

                                                       Fiscal 2015   Fiscal 2014      Change   % Change
                                                                      (dollars in thousands)
     Selling, general and administrative expenses...... $ 106,412 $ 95,397 $ 11,015                 12%
     Percentage of net sales .................................. 3.0%   3.2%     (0.2)%

      The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses included $5.9 million for advertising
expense to support growth into new markets, $4.0 million for corporate payroll to support growth and
internalize outsourced functions, $2.4 million of increased share-based compensation expense related to
changes in the executive team, $1.8 million for regional payroll and benefits to support additional store
count and growth into new regions, $0.7 million for regional expenses to support growth and $1.6 million
increase in depreciation and occupancy expense for our new corporate headquarters. In addition, selling,
general and administrative expenses were impacted by the 53rd week of 2015 by approximately $0.6
million. These increases were partially offset by $2.2 million less in offering expenses in current year, a
$1.9 million decrease in bonus expense due to lower expected attainment and current year benefit from
lower than expected actual payments for the prior fiscal year and a $1.6 million decrease in expense
related to internalizing outsourced functions. Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased as
a percent of net sales primarily driven by lower bonus expense in 2015. The impact of the 53rd week on
selling, general and administrative expenses was insignificant.

Store pre-opening costs
      Store pre-opening costs were $8.6 million for 2015 and $7.7 million for 2014. Store pre-opening
costs during 2015 included $7.2 million related to opening 27 stores during that period and $1.4 million
associated with stores opening after 2015. Store pre-opening costs during 2014 included $7.0 million
related to opening 24 stores and relocating one store during that period and $0.7 million associated with
stores opening after 2014.

Store closure and exit costs
      Store closure and exit costs for 2015 included $1.1 million for the relocation of our support office
and adjustments for prior reserves. Store closure and exit costs for 2014 included costs related to the
relocation of one store and a $1.2 million favorable adjustment to reserves for settlement with landlord,
offset by changes in reserves for stores and facilities already closed and ongoing expenses related to
prior closures. Additionally, we determined that we should have been recording accretion expense for
store closure reserves and made a correcting entry of $0.9 million to adjust the liability for closed stores to
include such accretion for prior periods. Such accretion was not material to any prior period.

Loss on extinguishment of debt
     In 2015, we recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt totaling $5.5 million related to the write-off of
deferred financing costs and issue discount in the April 2015 Refinancing.

     In 2014, we made a voluntary principal payment of $50.0 million and wrote-off $1.1 million of
deferred financing costs and original issue discount related to that portion of the Term Loan.

Interest expense
       Interest expense decreased to $17.7 million for 2015 from $25.1 million for 2014. The decrease in
interest expense is due to the lower principal balances on both the current Credit Facility and Former
Revolving Credit Facility combined with the lower interest rate on our Credit Facility after the April 2015
Refinancing.




                                                      44
Income tax provision
       Income tax provision increased to $77.0 million for 2015 from $66.4 million for 2014, primarily
related to an increase in income before income taxes. Our effective income tax rate decreased to 37.4%
in 2015 from 38.1% in 2014 primarily due to an increase in tax credits and the enhanced charitable food
contribution deduction.

Net income

                                                             Fiscal 2015     Fiscal 2014      Change      % Change
                                                                            (dollars in thousands)
     Net income........................................................... $ 128,991 $ 107,692 $ 21,299        20%
     Percentage of sales ..........................................              3.6%      3.6%      —

      Net income growth was attributable to strong business performance driven by comparable store
sales, strong performance of new stores opened, change in loss on extinguishment of debt, reduced
interest expense and lower effective tax rate. Net income growth included the benefit of the 53rd week in
2015.




                                                           45
                                  Comparison of Fiscal 2014 to Fiscal 2013

Net sales

                                                           Fiscal 2014     Fiscal 2013      Change       % Change
                                                                          (dollars in thousands)
     Net sales ........................................................ $2,967,424 $2,437,911 $529,513        22%
     Comparable store sales growth .....................                       9.9%      10.7%

     Net sales increased during 2014 as compared to 2013, primarily as a result of (i) sales growth at
stores operated prior to 2014 and (iii) new store openings.

      Net sales growth at stores operated prior to December 29, 2013 contributed $343.0 million, or 65%
of the increase in net sales for 2014. New store openings during 2014 contributed $186.5 million, or 35%,
of the increase in net sales during 2014.

Cost of sales, buying and occupancy and gross profit

                                                        Fiscal 2014      Fiscal 2013      Change         % Change
                                                                         (dollars in thousands)
        Net sales ................................................ $2,967,424 $2,437,911 $529,513             22%
        Cost of sales, buying and occupancy .... 2,082,221                     1,712,644  369,577             22%
        Gross profit ............................................     885,203    725,267  159,936             22%
        Gross margin .........................................           29.8%      29.7%     0.1%

      Cost of sales, buying and occupancy increased during 2014 compared to 2013, primarily due to the
increase in sales from new store openings and comparable store sales growth, as discussed above.
Gross profit increased $157.0 million as a result of increased sales volume and $2.9 million as a result of
increased margin. The 10 basis point increase in gross margin during 2014 was primarily driven by
leverage in occupancy, utilities and buying costs partially offset by lower merchandise margins from
higher inflation in certain categories and increased promotional activities.

Direct store expenses

                                                           Fiscal 2014    Fiscal 2013     Change         % Change
                                                                          (dollars in thousands)
        Direct store expenses ................................. $ 581,621 $ 496,183 $ 85,438                  17%
        Percentage of net sales ..............................       19.6%     20.4%     (0.8)%

      Direct store expenses increased $85.4 million, primarily due to a $43.2 million increase for stores
operated prior to 2014. The remaining $42.2 million increase in direct store expenses is associated with
stores opened during 2014. Direct store expenses, as a percentage of net sales, decreased 80 basis
points, primarily due to leverage in payroll, lower utilization of medical benefits, leverage in depreciation
and store level expenses.

Selling, general and administrative expenses

                                                           Fiscal 2014    Fiscal 2013      Change        % Change
                                                                           (dollars in thousands)
        Selling, general and administrative
         expenses.................................................. $ 95,397 $ 81,795 $13,602                 17%
        Percentage of net sales ..............................           3.2%     3.4%    (0.2)%




                                                          46
      The increase in selling, general and administrative expenses included $4.6 million of advertising
expense due to additional new stores and new markets, $4.2 million of corporate payroll and benefits to
support growth, $2.6 million of corporate bonus due to goal attainment, $1.8 million of regional expenses
due to increased store count and expansion into new regions, $1.3 million increase in IT maintenance
due to growth. $0.9 million increase in depreciation primarily due to accelerated depreciation for corporate
office move, $0.5 million increase in secondary offering expenses including related payroll taxes and
other less significant increases. These increases were partially offset by a $3.2 million IPO bonus
expense in the prior year, a $1.4 million decrease in accounting fees related to the insourcing of certain
functions, and $1.1 million decrease in share based compensation expense due to vesting of historical
grants. Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased as a percentage of net sales due to
leverage in corporate expenses.

Store pre-opening costs
      Store pre-opening costs were $7.7 million for 2014 and $5.7 million for 2013. Store pre-opening
costs during 2014 included $7.0 million related to opening 24 stores and relocating one store during that
period and $0.7 million associated with stores opening after 2014. Store pre-opening costs in 2013
included $5.3 million related to opening 19 stores during that period and $0.4 million for stores opened
after 2013.

Store closure and exit costs
      Store closure and exit costs for 2014 included costs related to the relocation of one store and a $1.2
million favorable adjustment to reserves for settlement with landlord, offset by changes in reserves for
stores and facilities already closed and ongoing expenses related to prior closures. Additionally, we
determined that we should have been recording accretion expense for store closure reserves and made a
correcting entry of $0.9 million to adjust the liability for closed stores to include such accretion for prior
periods. Such accretion was not material to any prior period. Store closure and exit costs for 2013
consisted primarily of costs to close a former Sunflower warehouse and adjustments to sublease
estimates for stores and facilities already closed.

Loss on extinguishment of debt
     In 2014, we made a voluntary principal payment of $50.0 million and wrote-off $1.1 million of
deferred financing costs and original issue discount related to that portion of our former term loan.

      In 2013, we recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt totaling $18.7 million primarily related to the
write-off of deferred financing costs and issue discount. These write-offs included $9.0 million related to
the August 2013 pay down of debt using proceeds from our IPO, $8.2 million related to the April 2013
refinancing and $1.0 million related to the December 2013 additional principal payment of $40.0 million.
Additionally, loss on extinguishment of debt includes $0.5 million related to the renewal of a financing
lease.

Interest expense
      Interest expense decreased to $25.1 million for 2014 from $37.2 million for 2013, primarily due to a
reduction in the interest rates related to the April 2013 Refinancing, the August 2013 pay down on the
Term Loan, the $40.0 million voluntary principal payment in December 2013, the $50.0 million voluntary
principal payment made in August 2014 and the May 2013 payoff of tour former senior subordinated
notes. These decreases were partially offset by an increase in interest related to additional capital and
financial leases. See Note 12 “Long-Term Debt” to our audited consolidated financial statements.




                                                     47
Income tax provision
      Income tax provision increased to $66.4 million for 2014 from $32.7 million for 2013, primarily
related to an increase in income before income taxes. Our effective income tax rate decreased to 38.1%
in 2014 from 38.9% in 2013 due to an increase in the enhanced charitable food contribution.

Net income

                                                           Fiscal 2014    Fiscal 2013     Change     % Change
                                                                          (dollars in thousands)
         Net income.................................................. $ 107,692 $ 51,326 $ 56,366             110%
         Percentage of sales ....................................           3.6%     2.1%     1.5%

      Net income growth was attributable to strong business performance driven by comparable store
sales and resulting operating leverage, strong performance of new stores opened, change in loss on
extinguishment of debt and reduced interest expense.


Quarterly Financial Data
     The following table sets forth certain of our unaudited consolidated statements of operations data for
each of the fiscal quarters in fiscal 2015 and fiscal 2014.

                                                         Fiscal Quarter Ended
                  January 3, September 27,   June 28,   March 29, December 28, September 28,       June 29,    March 30,
                    2016*        2015         2015(1)     2015         2014       2014(2)            2014       2014(3)
Net sales .......... $930,303 $   903,069 $902,153 $857,506 $            734,593 $    766,415 $743,810 $722,606
Gross profit....... $268,739 $    261,457 $263,639 $257,793 $            211,248 $    226,048 $224,048 $223,859
Income from
  operations...... $ 47,734 $      54,400 $ 60,046 $ 66,574 $             32,813 $     49,656 $ 55,573 $ 61,669
Net income ....... $ 28,216 $      31,986 $ 31,322 $ 37,467 $             17,743 $     26,065 $ 30,151 $ 33,733
Net income per
  share:
   Basic............ $   0.18 $       0.21 $     0.20 $        0.25 $       0.12 $        0.17 $       0.20 $        0.23
   Diluted ......... $   0.18 $       0.21 $     0.20 $        0.24 $       0.11 $        0.17 $       0.20 $        0.22

 *    The fiscal quarter ended January 3, 2016 consisted of fourteen weeks.
(1)   Period includes $5.5 million of loss on extinguishment of debt related to our April 2015 Refinancing.
(2)   Period includes $0.9 million of expense related to our August 2014 secondary offering and $1.1
      million of loss on extinguishment of debt related to the $50.0 million additional principal payment
      made during the period.
(3)   Period includes $1.4 million of pre-tax expense related to our April 2014 secondary offering,
      including payroll taxes on options exercises.


                                       Liquidity and Capital Resources

     The following table sets forth the major sources and uses of cash for each of the periods set forth
below, as well as our cash and cash equivalents at the end of each period:

                                                                   Fiscal 2015   Fiscal 2014   Fiscal 2013
           Cash and cash equivalents at end of period ....... $ 136,069 $ 130,513 $ 77,652
           Cash provided by operating activities ................. $ 239,898 $ 181,218 $ 160,588
           Cash used in investing activities ......................... $(128,312) $(126,671) $ (86,291)
           Cash used in financing activities ......................... $(106,030) $ (1,686) $ (63,856)



                                                          48
       Since inception, we have financed our operations primarily through cash generated from our
operations, sales of our equity and borrowings under our credit facilities. Our primary uses of cash are for
purchases of inventory, operating expenses, capital expenditures primarily for opening new stores,
remodels and maintenance capital expenditures, and debt service. In 2015, we generated $239.9 million
in operating cash flows and ended 2015 with $136.1 million of cash and cash equivalents. We believe
that our existing cash and cash equivalents, and cash anticipated to be generated by operations will be
sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next 12 months. Our future capital
requirements will depend on many factors, including new store openings, remodel and maintenance
capital expenditures at existing stores, store initiatives and other corporate capital expenditures and
activities. Our cash and cash equivalents position benefits from the fact that we generally collect cash
from sales to customers the same day or, in the case of credit or debit card transactions, within days from
the related sale. In the event that additional financing is required from outside sources, we may not be
able to raise it on terms acceptable to us or at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when
desired, our business, results of operations and financial condition would be adversely affected.

Operating Activities
      Net cash provided by operating activities increased $58.7 million to $239.9 million for 2015
compared to $181.2 million for 2014. The increase in 2015 includes the impact of stores opened since
2014 and the effect of the 53rd week. In addition to the increase in the number of stores we operate, we
leveraged occupancy, buying, utilities and fixed direct store expenses with comparable store sales
growth. We also experienced a decrease in interest expense due to reductions in balances from a payoff
of our $257.8 million former term loan and from the total of $100.0 million principal payments on our
current Credit Facility.

        Net cash provided by operating activities increased $20.6 million to $181.2 million for 2014
compared to $160.6 million for 2013. The increase in 2014 includes the impact of stores opened since
2013. In addition to the increase in the number of stores we operate, we leveraged occupancy, buying,
utilities and fixed direct store expenses with comparable store sales growth. We also experienced a
decrease in interest expense due to reductions in debt balances from a payoff made with IPO proceeds
and other voluntary repayments and lower interest rate, including a 0.5% lower rate due to our IPO.

Investing Activities
      Net cash used in investing activities was $128.3 million for 2015 compared to $126.7 million for
2014. The increase in cash used for investing activities is primarily related to the purchase of four leases
from the bankruptcy auction for Haggen stores.

     Net cash used in investing activities was $126.7 million for 2014 compared to $86.3 million for 2013.
The increase in cash used for investing activities is primarily related to timing of payments on capital
expenditures for new store openings, store remodels and maintenance capital expenditures.

     Capital expenditures consist primarily of investments in new stores, including leasehold
improvements and store equipment, annual maintenance capital expenditures to maintain the
appearance of our stores, sales enhancing initiatives and other corporate investments.

      We expect capital expenditures of approximately $145 to $155 million in fiscal 2016, net of
estimated landlord tenant improvement allowances, primarily to fund investments in new stores,
remodels, maintenance capital expenditures and corporate capital expenditures. We expect to fund our
capital expenditures with cash on hand, cash generated from operating activities and, if required,
borrowings under our Credit Facility.




                                                     49
Financing Activities
     Net cash used in financing activities was $106.0 million for 2015 compared to $1.7 million for 2014.
The increase in cash used in financing activities of $104.3 million is related to an increase in the net
paydown of debt of $44.3 million, a $27.3 million decrease of excess tax benefits from the exercise of
stock options, $25.7 million of stock repurchases, $4.5 million decrease in proceeds from the exercise of
stock options, and $1.9 million of deferred financing costs paid in our April 2015 Refinancing.
     Subsequent to January 3, 2016, we repurchased an additional 2,431,721 shares of our common
stock for $59.3 million.

       Net cash used in financing activities was $1.7 million for 2014 compared to cash used in financing
activities of $63.9 million for 2013. The decrease in cash used in financing activities of $62.2 million is
related to $295.9 million of payments to stockholders and optionholders in 2013, a $76.7 million decrease
in payments on debt instruments, a $29.4 million increase of excess tax benefits from the exercise of
stock options and payments to optionholders, a $7.2 million increase in proceeds from the exercise of
stock options, a $4.2 million payment of IPO costs in 2013 and a $1.4 million payment of deferred
financing costs in 2013. These decreases in cash used by financing activities were offset by $348.5
million of proceeds from the issuance of shares in 2013 and a decrease of $4.0 million in cash from
landlords related to financing lease obligations.

Long-term Debt and Former Credit Facilities
     See Note 12 “Long-Term Debt” of our audited consolidated financial statements for a description of
our Credit Facility and our Former Credit Facility (as defined therein).


                                           Contractual Obligations

     The following table summarizes our contractual obligations as of January 3, 2016, and the effect
such obligations are expected to have on our liquidity and cash flow in future periods:

                                                                        Payments Due by Period
                                                                   Less Than                            More Than
                                                        Total        1 Year      1-3 Years  4-5 Years    5 Years
                                                                            (in thousands)
$450.0 million Credit Facility (1)........................ $ 160,000 $                — $      — $160,000 $      —
Interest payments on $450 million Credit
  Facility (2).......................................................    13,638    3,175    6,349    4,114       —
Capital and financing lease obligations(3) ........                     154,905   27,700   32,977   29,469   64,759
Operating lease obligations(3) .......................... 1,345,206 108,429 243,153 233,934 759,690
Purchase commitments(4) ................................                236,544 122,741 107,813      5,990       —
   Totals(5) ....................................................... $1,910,293 $262,045 $390,292 $433,507 $824,449

(1)   The Credit Facility is scheduled to mature and the commitments thereunder will terminate on April
      17, 2020, subject to extensions as set forth in the Credit Agreement. Following the closing of the
      Credit Facility and the initial borrowing of $260 million, we made a total of $100 million of principal
      payments on the Credit Facility, which reduced our total outstanding debt to $160.0 million at
      January 3, 2016. These payments are reflected as a reduction to the Credit Facility, in the “4-5
      Years” column. See Note 12 “Long-Term Debt” to our audited consolidated financial statements
      contained elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
(2)   Represents estimated interest payments through maturity on our Credit Facility based on the
      outstanding amounts as of January 3, 2016 and based on LIBOR rates and commitment fees that
      we locked into from November 23, 2015 through February 23, 2016.
(3)   Represents estimated payments for capital and financing and operating lease obligations as of
      January 3, 2016. Capital and financing lease obligations and operating lease obligations are
      presented gross without offset for subtenant rentals. We have subtenant agreements under which


                                                        50
      we will receive $1.5 million for the period of less than one year, $2.3 million for years one to three,
      $1.3 million for years four to five, and $1.3 million for the period beyond five years.
(4)   Consists primarily of open purchase orders and commitments under noncancelable service and
      supply contracts as of January 3, 2016.
(5)   As of January 3, 2016, we had recorded $32.8 million of liabilities related to our self-insurance
      program. Self-insurance liabilities are not included in the table above because the payments are not
      contractual in nature and the timing of the payments is uncertain.

     The contractual commitment amounts in the table above are associated with agreements that are
enforceable and legally binding. Obligations under contracts that we can cancel without a significant
penalty are not included in the table above.

      We periodically make other commitments and become subject to other contractual obligations that
we believe to be routine in nature and incidental to the operation of the business. Management believes
that such routine commitments and contractual obligations do not have a material impact on our
business, financial condition or results of operations.


                                    Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements

       We do not engage in any off-balance sheet financing activities, nor do we have any interest in
entities referred to as variable interest entities.


                                             Impact of Inflation

     Inflation and deflation in the prices of food and other products we sell may periodically affect our
sales, gross profit and gross margin. The short-term impact of inflation and deflation is largely dependent
on whether or not the effects are passed through to our customers, which is subject to competitive market
conditions.

     Food inflation and deflation is affected by a variety of factors and our determination of whether to
pass on the effects of inflation or deflation to our customers is made in conjunction with our overall pricing
and marketing strategies. Although we may experience periodic effects on sales, gross profit and gross
margins as a result of changing prices, we do not expect the effect of inflation or deflation to have a
material impact on our ability to execute our long-term business strategy.


                                                Seasonality

       Our business is subject to modest seasonality. Our average weekly sales per store fluctuate
throughout the year and are typically highest in the first half of the fiscal year. Produce, which contributed
approximately 25% of our net sales for 2015, is generally more available in the first six months of our
fiscal year due to the timing of peak growing seasons.


                                      Critical Accounting Estimates

       Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our
financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. These principles require us to
make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, sales and expenses,
cash flow and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. Our estimates include, but are not
limited to, those related to inventory, lease assumptions, self-insurance reserves, sublease assumptions
for closed stores, goodwill and intangible assets, impairment of long-lived assets, fair values of equity-
based awards and income taxes. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other



                                                      51
assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results may differ from
these estimates. To the extent that there are material differences between these estimates and our actual
results, our future financial statements will be affected.

       We believe that of our significant accounting policies, which are described in Note 3 to the audited
consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the following accounting
policies involve a greater degree of judgment and complexity. Accordingly, we believe these are the most
critical to fully understand and evaluate our financial condition and results of operations.

Inventories
     Inventories consist of merchandise purchased for resale, which are stated at the lower of cost or
market. The cost method is used for warehouse perishable and store perishable department inventories
by assigning costs to each of these items based on a first-in, first-out (referred to as “FIFO”) basis (net of
vendor discounts).

     The Company’s non-perishable inventory is valued at the lower of cost or market using weighted
averaging and other estimation techniques, the use of which approximates the FIFO method.

      During 2015, we changed our store inventory count procedure with respect to non-perishable
inventories and no longer count all inventory in every store at the end of the every quarter. Previously,
we had counted all inventory at every store at or near the balance sheet date and therefore recorded no
estimate for shrink as of December 28, 2014 and December 29, 2013. We now count non-perishable
store inventories on a rotational basis and perishable store inventories at the end of every quarter. The
change in timing necessitates making an estimate for non-perishable inventory shrink between the count
date and the reporting date. Accordingly, the inventory balance in the accompanying Consolidated
Balance Sheets includes a $2.8 million inventory shrink reserve as of January 3, 2016.

Equity-Based Compensation
      Grants of options to purchase our shares under the 2011 Option Plan have been for equity
instruments exchanged for employee services. We account for equity-based compensation in accordance
with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standard Codification Topic 718,
Compensation—Stock Compensation (referred to as “ASC 718”). Compensation expense associated with
equity incentive grants requires management judgment to calculate the estimated fair value of awards,
which typically vest over multi-year periods and for which the ultimate amount of compensation is not
known on the date of grant. Time vested options generally vest ratably over a period of 12 quarters (three
years) and performance-based options vest over a period of three years based on financial performance
targets for each year. In the event of a change in control as defined in the 2011 Option Plan, all options
become immediately vested and exercisable.

      Our board of directors has adopted, and our equity holders have approved, the 2013 Incentive Plan.
The 2013 Incentive Plan became effective on July 31, 2013 and replaced the 2011 Option Plan (except
with respect to outstanding options under the 2011 Option Plan). The 2013 Incentive Plan enables us to
formulate and implement a compensation program that will attract, motivate and retain experienced,
highly-qualified team members who will contribute to our financial success, and aligns the interests of our
team members with those of our stockholders through the ability to grant a variety of stock-based and
cash-based awards. The 2013 Incentive Plan serves as the umbrella plan for our stock-based and cash-
based incentive compensation programs for our directors, officers and other team members.

      Under the provisions of ASC 718, equity-based compensation expense is measured at the grant
date, based on the fair value of the award. As required under this guidance, we estimate forfeitures for
options granted which are not expected to vest. Changes in these inputs and assumptions can materially
affect the measurement of the estimated fair value of our equity-based compensation expense.




                                                      52
      Valuation. We have used the Black-Scholes option pricing model to calculate the fair value of our
equity-based compensation awards at grant date.

      The Black-Scholes model requires the use of highly subjective and complex assumptions to
determine the fair value of equity-based compensation awards, including the option’s expected term and
the price volatility of the underlying stock. Refer to Note 22 to our audited consolidated financial
statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further discussion of these inputs.

       In addition to assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option pricing model, we must also estimate a
forfeiture rate to calculate the equity-based compensation cost for our awards. Our forfeiture rate is based
on an analysis of our actual forfeitures of grants made under the 2011 Option Plan and 2013 Incentive
Plan. We routinely evaluate the appropriateness of the forfeiture rate based on actual forfeiture
experience, analysis of team member turnover and expectations of future option exercise behavior.

       We will continue to use judgment in evaluating the assumptions related to our equity-based
compensation on a prospective basis. If any of the assumptions used in the Black-Scholes model change
significantly or estimated forfeiture rates change, equity-based compensation for future awards may differ
materially compared with the awards granted previously.

      We are also required to estimate the fair value of the common stock underlying our equity-based
awards when performing the fair value calculations with the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Due to
the prior absence of a market for our common stock, the fair values were determined by our board of
directors, with input from management. Additionally, a majority of awards granted were issued in proximity
to transactions with third parties in which we issued equity at arm’s-length negotiated values. Grants
subsequent to our IPO were based on the trading value of our common stock.

Lease Assumptions
     The most significant estimates used by management in accounting for leases and the impact of
those estimates are as follows:

      Expected lease term—Our expected lease term includes both contractual lease periods and
cancelable option periods where failure to exercise such options would result in an economic penalty. The
expected lease term is used in determining whether the lease is accounted for as an operating lease or a
capital lease. The expected lease term is also used in determining the useful life of the related assets. An
increase in the expected lease term will increase the probability that a lease will be considered a capital
lease and will generally result in higher interest and depreciation expense for a leased property recorded
on our balance sheets.

      Incremental borrowing rate—The incremental borrowing rate is primarily used in determining
whether the lease is accounted for as an operating lease or a capital lease. An increase in the
incremental borrowing rate decreases the net present value of the minimum lease payments and reduces
the probability that a lease will be considered a capital lease. For leases which are recorded on our
balance sheets with a related capital lease, the incremental borrowing rate is also used in allocating our
rental payments between interest expense and a reduction of the outstanding obligation.

     Fair market value of the leased asset—The fair market value of leased retail property is generally
estimated based on comparable market data provided by third-party sources and evaluated using the
experience of our development staff. Fair market value is used in determining whether the lease is
accounted for as an operating lease or a capital lease.




                                                    53
      Accounting owner—With certain leases, we are involved in the construction of the building (or
certain significant changes to an existing building) and we are considered owner of the building for
accounting purposes. We capitalize the amount of the total project costs incurred during the construction
period. At the completion of the construction project, we evaluate whether the transfer to the landlord
meets the requirements for sale-leaseback accounting treatment. A sale and leaseback of the asset is
deemed to occur when construction of the asset is complete and the lease term begins and the relevant
sale-leaseback accounting criteria are met. If we do not pass the criteria for sale-leaseback accounting,
we record a financing lease asset, which is included with “Buildings” and a corresponding financing
obligation in “Capital and financing lease obligations” in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We allocate
each lease payment between a reduction of the lease obligation and interest expense using the effective
interest method.

Goodwill and Intangible Assets
        Goodwill represents the cost of acquired businesses in excess of the fair value of assets and
liabilities acquired. Our indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of trade names related to “Sprouts
Farmers Market” and liquor licenses. We also hold intangible assets with finite useful lives, consisting of
favorable and unfavorable leasehold interests and the “Sunflower Farmers Market” trade name.

       Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are evaluated for impairment on an annual basis
during the fourth fiscal quarter, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
asset might be impaired. Our impairment evaluation of goodwill consists of a qualitative assessment to
determine if it is more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount.
If this qualitative assessment indicates it is more likely than not the estimated fair value of a reporting unit
exceeds its carrying value, no further analysis is required and goodwill is not impaired. Otherwise, we
follow a two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test to determine if goodwill is impaired. The first step
of the goodwill impairment test compares the fair value of a reporting unit with its carrying amount,
including goodwill. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value no further analysis or
impairment of goodwill is required. If the carrying value of a reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the fair
value of the reporting unit would be allocated to the reporting unit’s assets and liabilities based on the
relative fair value, with goodwill written down to its implied fair value, if necessary. Our qualitative
assessment considered factors including changes in the competitive market, budget-to-actual
performance, trends in market capitalization for us and our peers, lack of turnover in key management
personnel and overall changes in macroeconomic environment.

      Our impairment evaluation for our indefinite-lived intangible assets consists of a qualitative
assessment similar to that for goodwill. If our qualitative assessment indicates it is more likely than not
that the estimated fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its carrying value, no further
analysis is required and the asset is not impaired. Otherwise, we compare the estimated fair value of the
asset to its carrying amount with an impairment loss recognized for the amount, if any, by which carrying
value exceeds estimated fair value.

     We can elect to bypass the qualitative assessments for goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible
assets and proceed directly to the quantitative assessments for goodwill or any indefinite-lived intangible
assets in any period.

      We have determined we consist of a single reporting unit. When doing a quantitative assessment,
we determine the fair value of the reporting unit and indefinite-lived intangible assets using the income
approach methodology of valuation that includes the discounted cash flow method as well as other
generally accepted valuation methodologies. Significant estimates and assumptions are made in
connection with the estimated reporting unit fair value, including projected cash flows, the timing of
projected cash flows and applicable discount rates. As further discussed in Note 3 “Significant Accounting
Policies” to our audited financial statements, these estimates and assumptions are generally Level 3
inputs because they are not observable. In the event actual results vary from our estimates and
assumptions, or if we change our estimates and assumptions, we may be required to record a goodwill
impairment charge.


                                                       54
     No impairment of goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets was recorded during fiscal 2015, 2014
or 2013 because the fair value of those assets was substantially above carrying value.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
      We assess our long-lived assets, including property and finite-lived equipment and intangible
assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of
an asset group may not be recoverable. We group and evaluate long-lived assets for impairment at the
individual store level, which is the lowest level at which independent identifiable cash flows are available.
Factors for impairment include a significant underperformance relative to expected historical or projected
future operating results or a significant negative industry or economic trend. Recoverability of assets to be
held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to the future
undiscounted cash flows expected to be generated by the asset. If impairment is indicated, a loss is
recognized for any excess of the carrying value over the estimated fair value of the asset group. The fair
value is estimated based on discounted future cash flows or comparable market values, if available.

      When assessing the recoverability of our long-lived assets, we make assumptions regarding
estimated future cash flows from the use and eventual disposition of the asset groups. We base our
estimates on historical experience and projections, and consider recent economic and competitive trends.
In the event that our estimates or assumptions change in the future, we may be required to record a long-
lived asset impairment charge. We did not record any impairment loss during fiscal 2015, 2014 or 2013.

Income Taxes
        Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial
statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating
loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates
expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be
recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is
recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. We recognize the effect of income
tax positions only if those positions are more likely than not of being sustained. Recognized income tax
positions are measured at the largest amount that is greater than 50% likely of being realized. Changes in
recognition or measurement are reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. We
record interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as part of income tax expense.

      During the ordinary course of business, there are many transactions and calculations for which the
ultimate tax settlement is uncertain. Under applicable accounting guidance, we are required to evaluate
the realizability of our deferred tax assets. The realization of our deferred tax assets is dependent on
future earnings. Applicable accounting guidance requires that a valuation allowance be recognized when,
based on available evidence, it is more likely than not that all or a portion of deferred tax assets will not
be realized due to the inability to generate sufficient taxable income in future periods. In circumstances
where there is significant negative evidence, establishment of a valuation allowance must be considered.
A pattern of sustained profitability is considered significant positive evidence when evaluating a decision
to reverse a valuation allowance. Further, in those cases where a pattern of sustained profitability exists,
projected future taxable income may also represent positive evidence, to the extent that such projections
are determined to be reliable given the current economic environment. Accordingly, our assessment of
our valuation allowances requires considerable judgment and could have a significant negative or positive
impact on our current and future earnings.

Self-Insurance Reserves
        We use a combination of insurance and self-insurance programs to provide reserves for potential
liabilities associated with general liability, workers’ compensation and team member health benefits.
Liabilities for self-insurance reserves are estimated through consideration of various factors, which
include historical claims experience, demographic factors, security factors and other actuarial


                                                     55
assumptions. We believe our assumptions are reasonable, but the estimated reserves for these liabilities
could be affected materially by future events or claims experiences that differ from historical trends and
assumptions.

Closed Store Reserve
      We recognize a reserve for future operating lease payments associated with facilities that are no
longer being utilized in our current operations. The reserve is recorded based on the present value of the
remaining noncancelable lease payments after the cease use date less an estimate of subtenant income.
If subtenant income is expected to be higher than the lease payments, no accrual is recorded. Lease
payments included in the closed store reserve are expected to be paid over the remaining terms of the
respective leases. Our assumptions about subtenant income are based on our experience and
knowledge of the area in which the closed property is located, guidance received from local brokers and
agents and existing economic conditions. Adjustments to the closed store reserve relate primarily to
changes in actual or estimated subtenant income and changes in actual lease payments from original
estimates. Adjustments are made for changes in estimate in the period in which the change becomes
known, considering timing of new information regarding market, subleases or other lease updates.
Adjustments in the closed store reserves are recorded in store closure and exit costs in the consolidated
statements of operations.

                            Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements

      See Note 3 to our accompanying audited consolidated financial statements contained elsewhere in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

     We have determined that all other recently issued accounting standards will not have a material
impact on our financial statements, or do not apply to our operations.


Item 7A.    Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk
Interest Rate Sensitivity
       We have a Credit Facility that bears interest at a rate based in part on LIBOR. Accordingly, we are
exposed to fluctuations in interest rates. Based on the $160.0 million principal outstanding under our
Credit Facility as of January 3, 2016, each hundred basis point change in LIBOR would result in a change
in interest expense by $1.6 million annually. See Note 12 to our accompanying audited consolidated
financial statements contained elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for details on our Credit
Facility.

     This sensitivity analysis assumes our mix of financial instruments and all other variables will remain
constant in future periods. These assumptions are made in order to facilitate the analysis and are not
necessarily indicative of our future intentions.




                                                    56
Item 8.          Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

                                             INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Consolidated Financial Statements for
Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. and Subsidiaries:
Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm...................................................................                 58
Consolidated Balance Sheets as of January 3, 2016 and December 28, 2014 ....................................                               59
Consolidated Statements of Operations for the fiscal years ended January 3, 2016, December 28,
  2014 and December 29, 2013 ...........................................................................................................   60
Consolidated Statements of Stockholders’ Equity for the fiscal years ended January 3, 2016,
  December 28, 2014 and December 29, 2013 ...................................................................................              61
Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the fiscal years ended January 3, 2016, December 28,
  2014 and December 29, 2013 ...........................................................................................................   62
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements .........................................................................................       63




                                                                      57
               REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

To the Stockholders of Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc.

In our opinion, the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and the related consolidated statements of
operations, stockholders' equity and cash flows present fairly, in all material respects, the financial
position of Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. and its subsidiaries at January 3, 2016 and December 28, 2014,
and the results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended
January 3, 2016 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of
America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control
over financial reporting as of January 3, 2016, based on criteria established in Internal Control -
Integrated Framework (2013 Framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the
Treadway Commission (COSO). The Company's management is responsible for these financial
statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the
effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in Management's Annual Report on
Internal Control Over Financial Reporting, appearing under Item 9A of this Form 10-K. Our responsibility
is to express opinions on these financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial
reporting based on our audits (which were integrated audits in 2015 and 2014). We conducted our audits
in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States).
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about
whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement and whether effective internal control
over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audits of the financial statements
included examining, on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements, assessing the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management,
and evaluating the overall financial statement presentation. Our audit of internal control over financial
reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the
risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of
internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures
as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis
for our opinions.

As discussed in Note 17 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in
which it classifies deferred taxes in 2015.

A company’s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for
external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company’s internal
control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the
assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to
permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles,
and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with
authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance
regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company’s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the
risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.


/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Phoenix, Arizona
February 25, 2016


                                                     58
                                  SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                           CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS
                                      (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AMOUNTS)

                                                                                                                         January 3,   December 28,
                                                                                                                           2016           2014
ASSETS
Current assets:
   Cash and cash equivalents .......................................................................                 $   136,069      $   130,513
   Accounts receivable, net ...........................................................................                   20,424           14,091
   Inventories .................................................................................................         165,434          142,793
   Prepaid expenses and other current assets..............................................                                23,288           11,152
   Deferred income tax asset ........................................................................                         —            35,580
Total current assets........................................................................................             345,215          334,129
Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation............................                                      494,067          454,889
Intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization .......................................                               198,601          194,176
Goodwill..........................................................................................................       368,078          368,078
Other assets ...................................................................................................          19,003           17,801
Deferred income tax asset .............................................................................                    1,400               —
   Total assets ...............................................................................................      $ 1,426,364      $ 1,369,073
LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
Current liabilities:
   Accounts payable ......................................................................................           $     134,480    $   112,877
   Accrued salaries and benefits ...................................................................                        30,717         29,687
   Other accrued liabilities .............................................................................                  50,253         41,394
   Current portion of capital and financing lease obligations ........................                                      14,972         29,136
   Current portion of long-term debt ..............................................................                             —           7,746
Total current liabilities.....................................................................................             230,422        220,840
Long-term capital and financing lease obligations .........................................                                115,500        121,562
Long-term debt ...............................................................................................             160,000        248,611
Other long-term liabilities................................................................................                 97,450         74,071
Deferred income tax liability ...........................................................................                       —          18,600
   Total liabilities............................................................................................           603,372        683,684
Commitments and contingencies (Note 19)
Stockholders’ equity:
   Undesignated preferred stock; $0.001 par value; 10,000,000 shares
     authorized, no shares issued and outstanding ......................................                                          —             —
   Common stock, $0.001 par value; 200,000,000 shares authorized,
     152,577,884 shares issued and outstanding, January 3, 2016;
     151,833,334 shares issued and outstanding, December 28, 2014 .......                                                    153              152
   Additional paid-in capital ...........................................................................                577,393          543,048
   Retained earnings .....................................................................................               245,446          142,189
Total stockholders’ equity...............................................................................                822,992          685,389
   Total liabilities and stockholders’ equity ....................................................                   $ 1,426,364      $ 1,369,073




             The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                              59
                                 SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS
                                   (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT PER SHARE AMOUNTS)

                                                                                                                      Year Ended
                                                                                                        January 3,   December 28,   December 29,
                                                                                                          2016           2014           2013
Net sales .......................................................................................   $3,593,031 $ 2,967,424 $ 2,437,911
Cost of sales, buying and occupancy............................................                      2,541,403   2,082,221   1,712,644
   Gross profit ...............................................................................      1,051,628     885,203     725,267
Direct store expenses....................................................................              706,044     581,621     496,183
Selling, general and administrative expenses...............................                            106,412      95,397      81,795
Store pre-opening costs ................................................................                 8,616       7,749       5,734
Store closure and exit costs ..........................................................                  1,802         725       2,051
   Income from operations............................................................                  228,754     199,711     139,504
Interest expense............................................................................           (17,723)    (25,063)    (37,203)
Other income.................................................................................              443         596         487
Loss on extinguishment of debt ....................................................                     (5,481)     (1,138)    (18,721)
   Income before income taxes ....................................................                     205,993     174,106      84,067
Income tax provision .....................................................................             (77,002)    (66,414)    (32,741)
   Net income ...............................................................................       $ 128,991 $ 107,692 $       51,326
Net income per share:
   Basic.........................................................................................   $         0.84 $        0.72 $         0.38
   Diluted ......................................................................................   $         0.83 $        0.70 $         0.37
Weighted average shares outstanding:
   Basic.........................................................................................         153,099       149,751        134,622
   Diluted ......................................................................................         155,877       154,328        139,765




             The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                              60
                           SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS’ EQUITY
                               (IN THOUSANDS, EXCEPT SHARE AMOUNTS)

                                                                                                   (Accumulated
                                                                                      Additional      Deficit) /     Total
                                                                           Common      Paid-in       Retained    Stockholders’
                                                             Shares         Stock      Capital       Earnings       Equity
Balances at December 30, 2012............... 125,956,721                        126    395,480          (8,851)      386,755
Net income ..................................................             —      —          —           51,326        51,326
Issuance of shares under option plans .......                      1,194,999      1      3,820              —          3,821
Issuance of shares in IPO, net of issuance
  costs ......................................................... 20,477,215     20    344,304              —        344,324
Repurchase of shares .................................               (12,375)    —        (113)             —           (113)
Dividend paid to stockholders .....................                       —      —    (274,051)         (7,978)     (282,029)
Antidilution payments made to option
  holders......................................................           —      —      (13,892)             —       (13,892)
Excess tax benefit for exercise of options.......                         —      —       13,424              —        13,424
Tax benefit of antidilution payments made
  to optionholders........................................                —      —        4,402              —          4,402
Tax effect of forfeiture of vested options in
  equity ........................................................         —      —         (27)             —            (27)
Equity-based compensation........................                         —      —       5,780              —          5,780
Balances at December 29, 2013............... 147,616,560                        147    479,127          34,497       513,771
Net income ..................................................             —      —          —          107,692       107,692
Issuance of shares under option plans .......                      4,216,774      5     11,307              —         11,312
Excess tax benefit for exercise of options ....                           —      —      47,261              —         47,261
Tax effect of forfeiture of vested options in
  equity ........................................................         —      —         (2)              —             (2)
Equity-based compensation........................                         —      —      5,355               —          5,355
Balances at December 28, 2014............... 151,833,334 $                      152 $ 543,048 $        142,189 $     685,389
Net income ..................................................             —      —         —           128,991       128,991
Issuance of shares under option plans .......                      1,812,829      2     6,318               —          6,320
Repurchase and retirement of common
  stock ......................................................... (1,068,279)    (1)                   (25,734)      (25,735)
Excess tax benefit for exercise of options ....                           —      —     20,009               —         20,009
Equity-based compensation........................                         —      —      8,018               —          8,018
Balances at January 3, 2016 .................... 152,577,884 $                  153 $ 577,393 $        245,446 $     822,992




           The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                   61
                                          SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS
                                                        (IN THOUSANDS)
                                                                                                                                                 Year Ended
                                                                                                                                 January 3,     December 28,     December 29,
                                                                                                                                   2016             2014             2013
Cash flows from operating activities
Net income ...............................................................................................................   $      128,991     $   107,692      $     51,326
Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:
    Depreciation and amortization expense.............................................................                               69,169           60,362           47,217
    Accretion of asset retirement obligation and closed store reserve ....................                                              344              844              322
    Amortization of financing fees and debt issuance costs ....................................                                         742            1,494            2,482
    Loss on disposal of property and equipment .....................................................                                  1,512            1,087              449
    Gain on sale of intangible assets .......................................................................                            —              (100)             (19)
    Equity-based compensation...............................................................................                          8,018            5,355            5,780
    Non-cash loss on extinguishment of debt ..........................................................                                5,481            1,138           18,513
    Deferred income taxes .......................................................................................                    15,581           16,432           13,731
    Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
        Accounts receivable.....................................................................................                     (5,622 )        (4,424)          (1,521)
        Inventories ...................................................................................................             (22,641 )       (24,537)         (19,875)
        Prepaid expenses and other current assets ................................................                                  (12,042 )        (3,127)          (3,738)
        Other assets.................................................................................................                  (481 )        (5,157)          (4,114)
        Accounts payable.........................................................................................                    19,387          (4,721)          31,996
        Accrued salaries and benefits......................................................................                           1,030           7,400              890
        Other accrued liabilities................................................................................                     7,395           8,426            5,397
        Other long-term liabilities .............................................................................                    23,034          13,054           11,752
            Net cash provided by operating activities ..............................................                                239,898         181,218          160,588
Cash flows from investing activities
Purchases of property and equipment .....................................................................                          (125,313 )       (127,065 )        (87,463)
Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment.................................................                                     2,708              294            1,000
Proceeds from sale of intangible assets ..................................................................                               —               100              172
Purchase of leasehold interests ...............................................................................                      (5,707 )             —                —
            Net cash used in investing activities ......................................................                           (128,312 )       (126,671 )        (86,291)
Cash flows from financing activities
Proceeds from revolving credit facility......................................................................                       260,000               —                —
Payments on revolving credit facility ........................................................................                     (100,000 )             —                —
Borrowings on term loan, net of financing costs ......................................................                                   —                —           688,127
Payments on term loan ............................................................................................                 (261,250 )        (57,000)        (786,850 )
Payments on Senior Subordinated Notes ................................................................                                   —                —           (35,000)
Payments on capital lease obligations .....................................................................                            (662 )           (585)            (412)
Payments on financing lease obligations .................................................................                            (3,480 )         (3,006)          (2,868)
Payment of deferred financing costs........................................................................                          (1,896 )             —            (1,370)
Payments of IPO costs.............................................................................................                       —                —            (4,212)
Cash from landlord related to financing lease obligations........................................                                       419              577            4,581
Payment to stockholders and optionholders ............................................................                                   —                —          (295,921 )
Excess tax benefit for exercise of options and antidilution payment to
  optionholders.........................................................................................................             20,009          47,261           17,826
Proceeds from the issuance of shares.....................................................................                                —               —           348,536
Proceeds from exercise of stock options .................................................................                             6,565          11,067            3,820
Repurchase of common stock..................................................................................                        (25,735 )            —              (113)
            Net cash used in financing activities......................................................                            (106,030 )        (1,686)         (63,856)
            Net increase in cash and cash equivalents ...........................................                                     5,556          52,861           10,441
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period ............................................                                   130,513          77,652           67,211
Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the period ................................................                          $      136,069 $       130,513 $         77,652
Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information
Cash paid for interest ...............................................................................................       $       17,455     $     23,768     $     38,091
Cash paid for income taxes......................................................................................                     40,656            8,250            1,276
Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities
Property and equipment in accounts payable ..........................................................                        $       16,196     $     13,993     $      7,873
Property acquired through capital and financing lease obligations ..........................                                         10,125           34,140           10,660

                The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                62
                       SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                        NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

1. Organization and Description of Business
     Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc., a Delaware corporation is the parent company of Sprouts Farmers
Markets Holdings, LLC (“Intermediate Holdings”) which, through its subsidiaries, operates as a healthy
grocery store that offers fresh, natural and organic food that includes fresh produce, bulk foods, vitamins
and supplements, grocery, meat and seafood, bakery, dairy, frozen foods, body care and natural
household items catering to consumers’ growing interest in eating and living healthier. As of January 3,
2016, the Company operated 217 stores in Alabama, Arizona, California, Colorado, Georgia, Kansas,
Missouri, New Mexico, Nevada, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas and Utah. For convenience, the
“Company” is used to refer collectively to Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. and, unless the context requires
otherwise, its subsidiaries. The Company’s store operations are conducted by its subsidiaries.

Corporate Conversion
      On July 29, 2013, Sprouts Farmers Markets, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, converted
into Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the “Corporate Conversion”). As a result of
the corporate conversion, the members holding interests in Class A and Class B units of Sprouts Farmers
Markets, LLC became holders of common stock of Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc., and options to purchase
Class B units of Sprouts Farmers Markets, LLC were converted to options to purchase shares of common
stock of Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. The conversion of units and options to purchase units was on an
11 for 1 basis. The Company refers to this transaction as the “Corporate Conversion.” All equity related
disclosures, including share, per share, and option disclosures, reflect the effects of the Corporate
Conversion, including the 11 for 1 exchange.

        The purpose of the Corporate Conversion was to reorganize the corporate structure so that the top-
tier entity in the corporate structure, the entity that offered common stock to the public in the Company’s
initial public offering, is a corporation rather than a limited liability company and so that the existing
investors would own the Company’s common stock rather than equity interests in a limited liability
company.

Initial Public Offering
      On August 6, 2013, the Company completed its initial public offering (“IPO”) of 21,275,000 shares of
common stock at a price of $18.00 per share. The Company sold 20,477,215 shares of common stock,
and certain stockholders sold the remaining 797,785 shares. The Company received net proceeds from
the IPO of $344.1 million, after deducting underwriting discounts and offering expenses.


2. Basis of Presentation
     The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly owned
subsidiaries in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America
(“GAAP”). All material intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation.

       The Company has one reportable and one operating segment. The Company’s Chief Executive
Officer is the Chief Operating Decision Maker (“CODM”). The CODM bears ultimate responsibility for, and
is actively engaged in, the allocation of resources and the evaluation of the Company’s operating and
financial results.




                                                     63
      The Company categorizes its products as perishable and non-perishable. Perishable product
categories include produce, meat and seafood, deli and bakery. Non-perishable product categories
include grocery, vitamins and supplements, bulk items, dairy and dairy alternatives, frozen foods, beer
and wine, and body care and natural household items. The following is a breakdown of the Company’s
perishable and non-perishable sales mix:

                                                                                   2015          2014        2013
           Perishables..........................................................     50.8%          50.8%       50.1%
           Non-Perishables..................................................         49.2%          49.2%       49.9%

     All dollar amounts are in thousands, unless otherwise noted.


3. Significant Accounting Policies
Fiscal Years
      The Company reports its results of operations on a 52- or 53-week fiscal calendar ending on the
Sunday closest to December 31. Fiscal year 2015 ended on January 3, 2016 and included 53-weeks.
Fiscal years 2014 and 2013 ended on December 28, 2014 and December 29, 2013, respectively, and
included 52-weeks. Fiscal years 2015, 2014, and 2013 are referred to as 2015, 2014, and 2013.

Significant Accounting Estimates
        The preparation of financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make
estimates and assumptions. Such estimates and assumptions affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and
the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. The Company’s critical
accounting estimates included, but are not limited to: inventory valuations, lease assumptions, sublease
assumptions for closed stores, self-insurance reserves, goodwill and intangible assets, impairment of
long-lived assets, fair values of equity-based awards and income taxes. Actual results could differ from
those estimates.

Cash and Cash Equivalents
      The Company considers all highly liquid instruments purchased with an original maturity of three
months or less to be cash equivalents. The Company’s cash and cash equivalents are maintained at
financial institutions in the United States of America. Deposits in these financial institutions may, from time
to time, exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation’s federally insured limits. All credit and debit
card transactions are also classified as cash and cash equivalents. The amounts due from banks for
these transactions at each reporting date were as follows:

                                                                                                    As Of
                                                                                          January 3, December 28,
                                                                                            2016          2014
                  Due from banks for debit and credit card
                   transactions........................................................ $ 51,309 $        31,750


Accounts Receivable
      Accounts receivable generally represent billings to vendors for earned rebates, advertising and
other items and landlords for tenant allowances. When a specific account is determined uncollectible, the
net recognized receivable is written off.




                                                                      64
Inventories
     Inventories consist of merchandise purchased for resale, which are stated at the lower of cost or
market. The cost method is used for warehouse and store perishable department inventories by assigning
costs to each of these items based on a first-in, first-out (FIFO) basis (net of vendor discounts).

     The Company’s non-perishable inventory is valued at the lower of cost or market using weighted
averaging and other estimation techniques, the use of which approximates the FIFO method.

       The Company believes that all inventories are saleable and no allowances or reserves for
obsolescence were recorded as of January 3, 2016 and December 28, 2014. During 2015, the Company
changed its store inventory count procedure with respect to non-perishable inventories and no longer
counts all inventory in every store at the end of the every quarter. Previously, the Company had counted
all inventory at every store at or near the balance sheet date and therefore recorded no estimate for
shrink. The Company now counts non-perishable store inventories on a rotational basis and perishable
store inventories at the end of every quarter. The change in timing necessitates making an estimate for
non-perishable inventory shrink between the count date and the reporting date. Accordingly, the inventory
balance in the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets include a $2.8 million inventory shrink
reserve as of January 3, 2016.

Property and Equipment
      Property and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization.
Expenditures for major additions and improvements to facilities are capitalized, while maintenance and
repairs are charged to expense as incurred. When property is retired or otherwise disposed of, the related
cost and accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts and any resulting gain or loss is
reflected in the consolidated statements of operations. Depreciation expense, which includes the
amortization of assets recorded under capital and financing leases, is computed using the straight-line
method over the estimated useful lives of the individual assets. Leasehold improvements and assets under
capital and financing leases are amortized over the shorter of the lease term to which they relate, or the
estimated useful life of the asset. Terms of leases used in the determination of estimated useful lives may
include renewal options if the exercise of the renewal option is determined to be reasonably assured.

     The following table includes the estimated useful lives of certain of our asset classes:

                     Software and used equipment                                3 years
                     Computer hardware                                          5 years
                     Furniture, fixtures and equipment                          7 years
                     Leasehold improvements                              up to 15 years
                     Buildings                                                 40 years

     Store development costs, which include costs associated with the selection and procurement of real
estate sites, are also included in property and equipment. These costs are included in leasehold
improvements and are amortized over the remaining lease term of the successful sites with which they
are associated. Certain project costs, including general site selection costs that cannot be identified with a
specific store location, are charged to direct store expenses in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations.

Asset Retirement Obligations
      The Company’s asset retirement obligations (“ARO”) are related to the Company’s commitment to
return leased facilities to the landlord in an agreed-upon condition. This may require actions ranging from
cleaning to removal of leasehold improvements. The obligation is recorded as a liability with an offsetting
capital asset at the inception of the lease term based upon the estimated fair market value of costs to
meet the commitment. The liability, included in other long-term liabilities in the consolidated balance



                                                     65
sheets, is accreted over time to the projected future value of the obligation. The ARO asset, included in
property and equipment in the consolidated balance sheets, is depreciated using the same useful life as
the related property.

     A reconciliation of the ARO liability is as follows:

                                                                                                 As Of
                                                                                    January 3,     December 28,
                                                                                      2016             2014
               Beginning balance ................................................ $     2,952 $          2,575
               Additions for new facilities.....................................          245              551
               Accretion expense ................................................         169              136
               Adjustments ..........................................................    (152)            (310)
               Ending balance ..................................................... $   3,214 $          2,952


Closed Store Reserve
      The Company recognizes a reserve for future operating lease payments and other occupancy costs
associated with facilities that are no longer being utilized in its current operations. The reserve is recorded
based on the present value of the remaining noncancelable lease payments and estimates of other
occupancy costs after the cease use date less an estimate of subtenant income. If subtenant income is
expected to be higher than the lease payments, no accrual is recorded. Lease payments and other
occupancy costs included in the closed store reserve are expected to be paid over the remaining terms of
the respective leases. Adjustments to the closed store reserve relate primarily to changes in actual or
estimated subtenant income and actual lease payments and other occupancy costs from original
estimates. Adjustments are made for changes in estimates in the period in which the change becomes
known considering timing of new information regarding the market, subleases or other lease updates.
Adjustments in the closed store reserves are recorded in “store closure and exit costs” in the
accompanying consolidated statements of operations.

Self-Insurance Reserves
      The Company uses a combination of insurance and self-insurance programs to provide reserves for
potential liabilities associated with general liability, workers’ compensation and team member health
benefits. Liabilities for self-insurance reserves are estimated through consideration of various factors,
which include historical claims experience, demographic factors, severity factors and other actuarial
assumptions. Amounts expected to be recovered from insurance companies is included in the liability,
with a corresponding amount recorded in accounts receivable.

Goodwill and Intangible Assets
        Goodwill represents the cost of acquired businesses in excess of the fair value of assets and
liabilities acquired. The Company’s indefinite-lived intangible assets consist of trade names related to
“Sprouts Farmers Market” and liquor licenses. The Company also holds intangible assets with finite useful
lives, consisting of favorable and unfavorable leasehold interests and the “Sunflower Farmers Market”
trade name.

       Goodwill is evaluated for impairment on an annual basis on the first day of the fourth fiscal quarter
or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be impaired. The
Company’s impairment evaluation of goodwill consists of a qualitative assessment to determine if it is
more likely than not that the fair value of a reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If the Company’s
qualitative assessment indicates it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value of a reporting unit
exceeds its carrying value, no further analysis is required and goodwill is not impaired. Otherwise, the
Company follows a two-step quantitative goodwill impairment test to determine if goodwill is impaired. The
first step of the quantitative goodwill impairment test compares the fair value of a reporting unit with its



                                                                66
carrying amount, including goodwill. If the fair value of the Company’s reporting unit exceeds its carrying
value, no further analysis or impairment of goodwill is required. If the carrying value of the Company’s
reporting unit exceeds its fair value, the fair value of the reporting unit would be allocated to the reporting
unit’s assets and liabilities based on the relative fair value, with goodwill written down to its implied fair
value, if necessary.

       Indefinite-lived assets are evaluated for impairment on an annual basis on the first day of the fourth
fiscal quarter or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the asset might be
impaired. The Company’s impairment evaluation for its indefinite-lived intangible assets consists of a
qualitative assessment similar to that for goodwill. If the Company’s qualitative assessment indicates it is
more likely than not that the estimated fair value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its carrying
value, no further analysis is required and the asset is not impaired. Otherwise, the Company compares
the estimated fair value of the asset to its carrying amount with an impairment loss recognized for the
amount, if any, by which carrying value exceeds estimated fair value.

       The Company can elect to bypass the qualitative assessments approach for goodwill and indefinite-
lived intangible assets and proceed directly to the quantitative assessments for goodwill or any indefinite-
lived intangible assets in any period.

     The Company has determined its business consists of a single reporting unit. When applying the
quantitative test, the Company determines the fair value of its reporting unit using the income approach
methodology of valuation that includes the discounted cash flow method as well as other generally
accepted valuation methodologies.

       The Company completed its goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible asset impairment evaluations as
of the first day of the fourth quarter and concluded during 2015, 2014 and 2013 that there was no
impairment. The Company also concluded that events and circumstances continued to support classifying
its indefinite-lived intangible assets as such. See Note 7, “Intangible Assets” and Note 8, “Goodwill” for
further discussion.

      The trade name related to “Sunflower Farmers Market” meets the definition of a defensive intangible
asset and is amortized on a straight line basis over an estimated useful life of 10 years from the date of its
acquisition by the Company. Favorable and unfavorable leasehold interests are amortized on a straight-
line basis over the lease term.

Impairment of Long-Lived Assets
      The Company assesses its long-lived assets, including property and equipment and finite-lived
intangible assets, for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of an asset group may not be recoverable. The Company groups and evaluates long-lived assets
for impairment at the individual store level, which is the lowest level at which independent identifiable
cash flows are available. Factors which may indicate potential impairment include a significant
underperformance relative to the historical or projected future operating results of the store or a significant
negative industry or economic trend. Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a
comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to the future undiscounted cash flows expected to be
generated by that asset. If impairment is indicated, a loss is recognized for any excess of the carrying
value over the estimated fair value of the asset group. The fair value is estimated based on the
discounted future cash flows or comparable market values, if available. The Company did not record any
impairment loss during 2015, 2014 and 2013.

Deferred Financing Costs
      The Company capitalizes certain fees and costs incurred in connection with the issuance of debt.
Deferred financing costs are amortized to interest expense over the term of the debt using the effective
interest method. For the Credit Facility and Former Credit Facility (as defined in Note 12, “Long-Term



                                                      67
Debt”), deferred financing costs are amortized on a straight line basis over the term of the facility. Upon
prepayment, redemption or conversion of debt, the Company accelerates the recognition of an
appropriate amount of financing costs as loss on extinguishment of debt. The current and noncurrent
portions of deferred financing costs are included in Prepaid expenses and other current assets and Other
assets, respectively, in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

Operating Leases
     The Company leases certain stores, warehouse facilities and administrative offices under operating
leases.

      Incentives received from lessors are deferred and recorded as a reduction of rental expense over
the lease term using the straight-line method. The current portion of unamortized lease incentives is
included in Other accrued liabilities and the noncurrent portion is included in Other long-term liabilities in
the accompanying consolidated balance sheets.

      Store lease agreements generally include rent abatements and rent escalation provisions and may
include contingent rent provisions based on a percentage of sales in excess of specified levels. The
Company recognizes escalations of minimum rents and/or abatements as deferred rent and amortizes
these balances on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease.

     For lease agreements that require the payment of contingent rents based on a percentage of sales
above stipulated minimums, the Company begins accruing an estimate for contingent rent when it is
determined that it is probable the specified levels of sales in excess of the stipulated minimums will be
reached during the year. The Company expensed $1.8 million, $1.6 million and $1.4 million for the years
ended January 3, 2016, December 28, 2014 and December 29, 2013, respectively, for contingent rent.

Financing Lease Obligations
       The Company has recorded financing lease obligations for 38 store building leases at both January
3, 2016 and December 28, 2014. In each case, the Company was deemed to be the owner during the
construction period under lease accounting guidance. Further, each lease contains provisions indicating
continuing involvement with the property at the end of the construction period, which include either an
affiliate guaranty or contingent collateral. As a result, in accordance with applicable accounting guidance,
buildings and related assets subject to the leases are reflected on the Company’s balance sheets and
depreciated over their remaining useful lives. The present value of the lease payments associated with
these buildings is recorded as financing lease obligations.

      At January 3, 2016, the Company also recorded current financing lease obligations and related
construction in progress for two stores under the lease accounting guidance noted above. However, the
Company expects that there will be no continuing involvement provisions in effect at the end of the
construction period and therefore will be able to remove the asset and the corresponding financing lease
obligations at the end of the construction periods for the stores during 2016.

      At December 28, 2014 the Company also recorded a current financing lease obligation and related
construction in progress totaling $25.0 million for one of its administrative facilities under the lease
accounting guidance noted above. However, the Company concluded there were no continuing
involvement provisions in effect at the end of the construction period and removed the asset and
corresponding financing lease obligation at the end of the construction period in the first quarter of fiscal
2015.

      Monthly lease payments are allocated between the land element of the lease (which is accounted
for as an operating lease) and the financing obligation. The financing obligation is amortized using the
effective interest method and the interest rate is determined in accordance with the requirements of sale-
leaseback accounting. Lease payments less the portion allocated to the land element of the lease and



                                                      68
that portion considered to be interest expense decrease the financing liability. At the end of the initial
lease term, should the Company decide not to renew the lease, the net book value of the asset and the
corresponding financing obligation would be reversed.

      The outflows from the construction of the buildings are classified as investing activities, and the
outflows associated with the financing obligations principal payments and inflows from the associated
financing proceeds are classified as financing activities in the accompanying consolidated statements of
cash flows.

Fair Value Measurements
       The Company records its financial assets and liabilities in accordance with the framework for
measuring fair value in accordance with GAAP. This framework establishes a fair value hierarchy that
prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value:
     Level 1: Quoted prices for identical instruments in active markets.
       Level 2: Quoted prices for similar instruments in active markets; quoted prices for identical or similar
instruments in markets that are not active; and model-derived valuations in which all significant inputs and
significant value drivers are observable in active markets.
       Level 3: Valuations derived from valuation techniques in which one or more significant inputs or
significant value drivers are unobservable.

     Fair value measurements of nonfinancial assets and nonfinancial liabilities are primarily used in the
impairment analysis of goodwill, intangible assets, and long-lived assets and in the valuation of store
closure and exit costs.

      The determination of fair values of certain tangible and intangible assets for purposes of our
goodwill impairment evaluation as described above is based upon Level 3 inputs. Closed store reserves
are recorded at net present value to approximate fair value which is classified as Level 3 in the hierarchy.
The estimated fair value of the closed store reserve is calculated based on the present value of the
remaining lease payments and other charges using a weighted average cost of capital, reduced by
estimated sublease rentals. The weighted average cost of capital is estimated using information from
comparable companies and management’s judgment related to the risk associated with the operations of
the stores.

       Cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other current assets,
accounts payable, accrued salaries and benefits and other accrued liabilities approximate fair value
because of the short maturity of those instruments. Based on comparable open market transactions, the
fair value of the long-term debt approximated carrying value as of January 3, 2016. Based on comparable
open market transactions of the Former Term Loan (as defined in Note 12), the fair value of the long-term
debt, including current maturities, approximated carrying value as of December 28, 2014. The Company’s
estimates of the fair value of long-term debt (including current maturities) were classified as Level 2 in the
fair value hierarchy.

Equity-Based Compensation
       The Company measures equity-based compensation cost at the grant date based on the fair value
of the award and recognizes equity-based compensation cost as expense over the vesting period. As
equity-based compensation expense recognized in the consolidated statements of operations is based on
awards ultimately expected to vest, the amount of expense has been reduced for estimated forfeitures
and trued up for actual forfeitures. The Company’s forfeiture rate is estimated based on an analysis of our
actual forfeitures of grants made under our 2011 Option Plan and 2013 Incentive Plan. The actual
forfeiture rate could differ from these estimates. The Company uses the Black-Scholes option-pricing
model to determine the grant date fair value for each option grant. The Black-Scholes option-pricing
model requires extensive use of subjective assumptions. See Note 22, “Equity-Based Compensation” for



                                                      69
a discussion of assumptions used in the calculation of fair values. Application of alternative assumptions
could produce different estimates of the fair value of equity-based compensation and, consequently, the
related amounts recognized in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The grant date
fair value of restricted stock units (“RSUs”) and performance share awards (“PSAs”) is based on the
closing price per share of the Company’s stock on the grant date. The Company recognizes
compensation expense for time-based awards on a straight-line basis and for performance-based awards
on the graded-vesting method over the vesting period of the awards.

Revenue Recognition
      Revenue is recognized at the point of sale. Discounts provided to customers at the time of sale are
recognized as a reduction in sales as the discounted products are sold. Sales taxes are not included in
revenue. Proceeds from the sale of gift cards are recorded as a liability at the time of sale, and
recognized as sales when they are redeemed by the customer. During 2015, the Company obtained
sufficient historical redemption data for its gift card program to make a reasonable estimate of the ultimate
redemption patterns and breakage rate. Accordingly, the Company recognized $1.0 million of gift card
breakage as a component of net sales in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations for
2015.

Cost of Sales, Buying and Occupancy
      Cost of sales includes the cost of inventory sold during the period, including the direct costs of
purchased merchandise (net of discounts and allowances), distribution and supply chain costs, buying
costs and supplies. Occupancy costs include store rental, property taxes, utilities, common area
maintenance, amortization of favorable or unfavorable leasehold interests and property insurance. The
Company recognizes vendor allowances and merchandise volume related rebate allowances as a
reduction of inventories during the period when earned and reflects the allowances as a component of
cost of sales, buying and occupancy as the inventory is sold.

     Our largest supplier accounted for approximately 24% and 23% of total purchases, expressed as a
percentage of our cost of sales, buying and occupancy expense, during 2015 and 2014, respectively.

Direct Store Expenses
     Direct store expenses consist of store-level expenses such as salaries and benefits, related equity-
based compensation, supplies, depreciation and amortization for buildings and store leasehold
improvements, equipment and other store specific costs.

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses
      Selling, general and administrative expenses primarily consist of salaries and benefits costs, related
equity-based compensation, advertising, acquisition-related costs and corporate overhead.

     The Company charges third-parties to place advertisements in the Company’s in-store guide and
newspaper circulars. The Company records rebates received from vendors in connection with
cooperative advertising programs as a reduction to advertising costs when the allowance represents a
reimbursement of a specific incremental and identifiable cost. Advertising costs are expensed as incurred.
Advertising expense was as follows:

                                                                                Year Ended
                                                                   January 3, December 28, December 29,
                                                                     2016         2014         2013
          Advertising expense ......................................... $ 46,815 $    39,763 $    34,075
          Vendor rebates................................................. (14,810)   (13,614)    (12,530)
          Advertising expense, net of rebates................. $ 32,005 $             26,149 $    21,545



                                                            70
Store Pre-Opening Costs
     Store pre-opening costs include rent expense during construction of new stores and costs related to
new store openings, including costs associated with hiring and training personnel and other
miscellaneous costs. Store pre-opening costs are expensed as incurred.

Loss on Extinguishment of Debt
       The Company recognizes loss on extinguishment of debt when debt is refinanced and the new debt
is either with a new lender or lenders and/or the cash flows associated with the refinanced debt and the
original debt differ by greater than 10 percent. The loss on extinguishment of debt represents the
amounts of deferred financing costs and/or issue discount associated with the extinguished portion of the
debt.

      In 2015, the Company recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt totaling $5.5 million related to the
April 2015 Refinancing as defined in Note 12.

      In 2014, the Company made a voluntary principal payment of $50.0 million and wrote-off $1.1
million of deferred financing costs and original issue discount related to that portion of the Former Term
Loan.

      In 2013, the Company recorded a loss on extinguishment of debt totaling $18.2 million primarily
related to the write-off of deferred financing costs and issue discount. These write-offs included $1.0
million related to a partial repayment of the Former Term Loan, $9.0 million related to the August 2013
pay down of debt using proceeds from our IPO and $8.2 million related to the April 2013 Refinancing as
defined in Note 12. Additionally, loss on extinguishment of debt for 2013 includes $0.5 million related to
the renewal of a financing lease.

Income Taxes
        Income taxes are accounted for under the asset and liability method. Deferred tax assets and
liabilities are recognized for the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial
statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases and operating
loss and tax credit carryforwards. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates
expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be
recovered or settled. The effect on deferred tax assets and liabilities of a change in tax rates is
recognized in income in the period that includes the enactment date. The Company’s deferred tax assets
are subject to periodic recoverability assessments. Valuation allowances are established, when
necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount that more likely than not will be realized.
Realization of the deferred tax assets is principally dependent upon achievement of projected future
taxable income offset by deferred tax liabilities. Changes in recognition or measurement are reflected in
the period in which the judgment occurs.

      The Company recognizes the effect of uncertain income tax positions only if those positions are
more likely than not of being sustained. Recognized income tax positions are measured at the largest
amount that is greater than 50% likely of being realized. Changes in recognition or measurement are
reflected in the period in which the change in judgment occurs. The Company records interest and
penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as part of income tax expense.

Share Repurchases
      The Company has elected to retire shares repurchased to date. Shares retired become part of the
pool of authorized but unissued shares. The Company has elected to record purchase price of the retired
shares in excess of par value directly as a reduction of retained earnings.



                                                     71
Net Income per Share
     Basic net income per share is calculated by dividing net income by the weighted average number of
shares outstanding during the fiscal period.

    Diluted net income per share is based on the weighted average number of shares outstanding, plus,
where applicable, shares that would have been outstanding related to dilutive options, PSAs and RSUs.

Comprehensive Income
     Comprehensive income equals net income for all periods presented.

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements
       In April 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-08, “Presentation of Financial Statements (Topic 205)
and Property, Plant and Equipment (Topic 360): Reporting Discontinued Operations and Disclosures of
Disposals of Components of an Entity.” ASU No. 2014-08 amends previous guidance related to the
criteria for reporting a disposal as a discontinued operation by elevating the threshold for qualification for
discontinued operations treatment to a disposal that represents a strategic shift that has a major effect on
an organization’s operations or financial results. This guidance also requires expanded disclosures for
transactions that qualify as a discontinued operation and requires disclosure of individually significant
components that are disposed of or held for sale but do not qualify for discontinued operations reporting.
This guidance is effective prospectively for all disposals or components initially classified as held for sale
in periods beginning on or after December 15, 2014, with early adoption permitted. The adoption of this
guidance did not have a material effect on the Company’s consolidated financial statements.

       In May 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-09, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers.” ASU
No. 2014-09 provides guidance for revenue recognition. The standard’s core principle is that a company
will recognize revenue when it transfers promised goods or services to customers in an amount that
reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or
services. In doing so, companies will need to use more judgment and make more estimates than under
current guidance. These may include identifying performance obligations in the contract, and estimating
the amount of variable consideration to include in the transaction price attributable to each separate
performance obligation. This guidance will be effective for the Company for its fiscal year 2018. The
Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of this guidance.

      In June 2014, the FASB issued ASU Update No. 2014-12, “Compensation—Stock Compensation
(Topic 718): Accounting for Share-Based Payments When the Terms of an Award Provide that a
Performance Target Could be Achieved after the Requisite Service Period.” The standard requires that a
performance target that affects vesting, and that could be achieved after the requisite service period, be
treated as a performance condition. As such, the performance target should not be reflected in estimating
the grant date fair value of the award. This update further clarifies that compensation cost should be
recognized in the period in which it becomes probable that the performance target will be achieved and
should represent the compensation cost attributable to the period(s) for which the requisite service has
already been rendered. This guidance will be effective for the Company for its fiscal year 2017. The
Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance will have a material impact on its consolidated
financial statements.

       In August 2014, the FASB issued ASU No. 2014-15, “Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity’s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern.” ASU No. 2014-15 requires management to evaluate whether
there is substantial doubt about an entity’s ability to continue as a going concern and to provide related
footnote disclosures in certain circumstances. This guidance will be effective for the Company for its fiscal
year 2016, with early adoption permitted. The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to
have a material effect on its consolidated financial statements.




                                                     72
       In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-03, “Interest – Imputation of Interest (Subtopic 835-
30): Simplifying the Presentation of Debt Issuance Costs.” ASU No. 2015-03 requires that debt issuance
costs related to a recognized debt liability be presented in the balance sheet as a direct deduction from
the carrying amount of the corresponding debt liability This guidance will be effective for the Company for
its fiscal year 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact
of this guidance.

       In April 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-05, “Customer's Accounting for Fees Paid in a Cloud
Computing Arrangement.” ASU No. 2015-05 provides guidance to customers about whether a cloud
computing arrangement includes a software license. If a cloud computing arrangement includes a
software license, the customer should account for the software license element of the arrangement
consistent with the acquisition of other software licenses. If the arrangement does not include a software
license, the customer should account for a cloud computing arrangement as a service contract. This
guidance will be effective for the Company for its fiscal year 2016. Early adoption is permitted. The
amendment may be adopted either prospectively to all arrangements entered into or materially modified
after the effective date or retrospectively. The Company is currently evaluating the potential impact of this
guidance.

      In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-11, “Simplifying the Measurement of Inventory.” ASU
No. 2015-11 changes the measurement principle for inventory from the lower of cost or market to lower of
cost and net realizable value. Net realizable value is defined as the estimated selling prices in the
ordinary course of business; less reasonably predictable costs of completion, disposal and transportation.
This guidance will be effective for the Company for its fiscal year 2017. The Company is currently
evaluating the potential impact of this guidance.

     In July 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-15, “Interest – Imputation of Interest: Presentation
and Subsequent Measurement of Debt Issuance Costs Associated with Line-of-Credit Arrangements
(Subtopic 835-30).” ASU No. 2015-15 provides additional guidance on the presentation and subsequent
measurement of debt issuance costs associated with line-of-credit arrangements. Early adoption is
permitted.This guidance will be effective for the Company for its fiscal year 2016. The Company is
currently evaluating the potential impact of this guidance.

       In September 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-16, “Business Combinations: Simplifying the
Accounting For Measurement Period Adjustments.” ASU No. 2015-16 requires that an acquirer recognize
adjustments to provisional amounts that are identified during the measurement period in the reporting
period in which the adjustment amounts are determined. This guidance will be effective for the Company
for its fiscal year 2016. The Company does not expect the adoption of this guidance to have a material
effect on its consolidated financial statements.

      In November 2015, the FASB issued ASU No. 2015-17, “Income Taxes (Topic 740): Balance Sheet
Classification of Deferred Taxes. “ASU No. 2015-17 requires that deferred liabilities and assets be
classified as noncurrent in the consolidated balance sheet. The guidance is effective prospectively or
retrospectively for reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2016, with early adoption permitted.
The Company has early adopted the guidance prospectively for the fiscal year ended January 3, 2016
and it had a material impact on its consolidated financial statements. The Company has not
retrospectively adjusted the prior periods presented.




                                                     73
4. Accounts Receivable
     A summary of accounts receivable is as follows:

                                                                                               As Of
                                                                                     January 3, December 28,
                                                                                       2016          2014
               Vendor .................................................................. $ 11,649 $       8,246
               Landlord receivable ..............................................              4,143      1,993
               Other .....................................................................     4,632      3,852
               Total ...................................................................... $ 20,424 $   14,091

      As of January 3, 2016 and December 28, 2014, the Company had recorded an allowance of $0.1
million and $0.3 million, respectively, for certain receivables.


5. Prepaid Expenses and Other Current Assets
     A summary of prepaid expenses and other current assets is as follows:

                                                                                               As Of
                                                                                     January 3, December 28,
                                                                                       2016          2014
              Prepaid expenses ..................................................             16,974      4,769
              Income tax receivable............................................ $ 5,852 $                 6,015
              Other current assets ..............................................                462        368
              Total ....................................................................... $ 23,288 $   11,152


6. Property and Equipment
     A summary of property and equipment, net is as follows:

                                                                                             As Of
                                                                                   January 3, December 28,
                                                                                     2016          2014
               Buildings ............................................................. $ 115,925 $ 115,925
               Furniture, fixtures and equipment .......................                 317,015    246,830
               Leasehold improvements....................................                260,039    216,068
               Construction in progress.....................................              38,627     58,719
                  Total property and equipment........................                   731,606    637,542
               Accumulated depreciation and amortization....... (237,539)                          (182,653)
                  Property and equipment, net ......................... $ 494,067 $ 454,889




                                                                74
      A summary of leased property and equipment under capital and financing lease obligations is as
follows:

                                                                                               As Of
                                                                                  January 3,     December 28,
                                                                                    2016             2014
                 Capital Leases—Buildings
                    Gross asset balance ...................................... $ 11,338 $                 11,338
                    Accumulated depreciation .............................                 (2,249)        (1,364)
                       Net............................................................. $ 9,089 $          9,974
                 Capital Leases—Equipment
                    Gross asset balance ......................................                218            498
                    Accumulated depreciation .............................                   (218)          (488)
                       Net............................................................. $       0 $           10
                 Financing Leases
                    Gross asset balance ...................................... 117,197                  129,614
                    Accumulated depreciation .............................                (11,819)       (9,012)
                       Net............................................................. $ 105,378 $     120,602

     Depreciation expense was $69.1 million, $60.5 million and $47.2 million for 2015, 2014 and 2013,
respectively.


7. Intangible Assets
     A summary of the activity and balances in intangible assets is as follows:

                                                                   Balance at                                     Balance at
                                                                  December 29,                                   December 28,
                                                                      2013          Additions         Other(a)       2014
    Gross Intangible Assets
    Indefinite-lived trade names .............................. $      182,937 $             — $            — $     182,937
    Indefinite-lived liquor licenses ...........................         2,023               —              —         2,023
    Finite-lived trade names....................................         1,800               —              —         1,800
    Finite-lived leasehold interests..........................          12,574               —              —        12,574
       Total intangible assets ................................. $     199,334 $             — $            — $     199,334
    Accumulated Amortization
    Finite-lived trade names.................................... $         (285) $   (180) $                — $         (465)
    Finite-lived leasehold interests..........................           (3,582)   (1,111)                  —         (4,693)
       Total accumulated amortization ................... $              (3,867) $ (1,291) $                — $       (5,158)




                                                                75
                                                                           Balance at                                     Balance at
                                                                          December 28,                                    January 3,
                                                                              2014             Additions       Other        2016
      Gross Intangible Assets
      Indefinite-lived trade names............................... $             182,937 $              — $             — $ 182,937
      Indefinite-lived liquor licenses............................                2,023                —               —     2,023
      Finite-lived trade names ....................................               1,800                —               —     1,800
      Finite-lived leasehold interests ..........................                12,574             5,726              —    18,300
         Total intangible assets .................................. $           199,334 $           5,726 $            — $ 205,060
      Accumulated Amortization
      Finite-lived trade names .................................... $               (465) $   (180) $                  — $   (645)
      Finite-lived leasehold interests ..........................                 (4,693)   (1,121)                    —   (5,814)
         Total accumulated amortization.................... $                     (5,158) $ (1,301) $                  — $ (6,459)

(1)   Additions during 2015 represent the amount paid for four leases purchased in the Haggen
      bankruptcy auction.

      Amortization expense was $1.3 million, $1.3 million and $1.3 million for 2015, 2014 and 2013,
respectively. Future amortization associated with the net carrying amount of finite-lived intangible assets
is as follows:

                          2016......................................................................... $    1,440
                          2017.........................................................................      1,362
                          2018.........................................................................      1,362
                          2019.........................................................................      1,346
                          2020.........................................................................      1,335
                          Thereafter................................................................         6,796
                          Total amortization.................................................... $          13,641

     The remaining weighted-average amortization period of leasehold interests acquired total 11.6
years. The remaining amortization period of the finite-lived trade name is 6.4 years.


8. Goodwill
     The balance of our goodwill has been $368.1 million as of January 3, 2016, December 28, 2014 and
December 29, 2013. As of January 3, 2016, December 28, 2014 and December 29, 2013, the Company
had no accumulated goodwill impairment losses.


9. Other Assets
      A summary of other assets is as follows:

                                                                                                       As Of
                                                                                             January 3, December 28,
                                                                                               2016          2014
                   Insurance deposits............................................... $ 15,319 $                 14,726
                   Other ....................................................................     3,684          3,075
                   Total ..................................................................... $ 19,003 $       17,801




                                                                       76
10. Accrued Salaries and Benefits
     A summary of accrued salaries and benefits is as follows:

                                                                                                  As Of
                                                                                        January 3, December 28,
                                                                                          2016          2014
                  Accrued payroll ..................................................... $ 10,988 $           9,196
                  Bonuses ................................................................        9,728     12,138
                  Vacation ................................................................       8,916      7,476
                  Other .....................................................................     1,085        877
                  Total ...................................................................... $ 30,717 $   29,687


11. Other Accrued Liabilities
     A summary of other accrued liabilities is as follows:

                                                                                                  As Of
                                                                                        January 3, December 28,
                                                                                          2016          2014
                  Workers’ compensation / general liability
                    reserves ............................................................. $ 11,295 $        9,308
                  Gift cards...............................................................      10,616      9,836
                  Sales and use tax liabilities...................................                7,038      6,345
                  Medical insurance claim reserves.........................                       6,064      5,008
                  Unamortized lease incentives...............................                     5,190      3,407
                  Accrued occupancy related (CAM, property
                    taxes, etc.) .........................................................        4,689      3,119
                  Closed store reserves...........................................                  894        433
                  Interest ..................................................................       668      1,143
                  Other .....................................................................     3,799      2,795
                  Total ...................................................................... $ 50,253 $   41,394


12. Long-Term Debt
     A summary of long-term debt is as follows:

                                                                                                                As Of
                                                                                                       January 3, December 28,
     Facility                                                             Maturity       Interest Rate   2016         2014
     Senior secured debt
        $450.0 million Credit Facility........................ April 17, 2020               Variable $160,000 $            —
        Former Term Loan, net of original issue
         discount..................................................... April 23, 2020       Variable          — $ 256,357
        Former Revolving Credit Facility.................. April 23, 2018                   Variable          —         —
     Total debt.........................................................                                 160,000   256,357
     Less current portion ..........................................                                          —     (7,746)
     Long-term debt, net of current portion.........                                                    $160,000 $ 248,611

      Current portion of long-term debt is presented net of issue discount of $1.0 million as of
December 28, 2014. The non-current portion of long-term debt is presented net of issue discount of $3.9
million as of December 28, 2014.




                                                                   77
Senior Secured Revolving Credit Facility
April 2015 Refinancing
       On April 17, 2015, the Company’s subsidiary, Sprouts Farmers Markets Holdings, LLC
(“Intermediate Holdings”), as borrower, entered into a credit agreement (the “Credit Agreement”) to
replace the Former Revolving Credit Facility and Former Term Loan (each as defined below). The Credit
Agreement provides for a revolving credit facility with an initial aggregate commitment of $450.0 million
(the “Credit Facility”), which may be increased from time to time pursuant to an expansion feature set
forth in the Credit Agreement.

       Concurrently with the closing of the Credit Agreement, the Company borrowed $260.0 million to pay
off its existing $257.8 million Former Term Loan (the “April 2015 Refinancing”), and to terminate all
commitments under its existing senior secured credit facility, dated April 23, 2013 (the “Former Credit
Facility”) and to pay transaction costs related to the April 2015 Refinancing. Such repayment resulted in a
$5.5 million loss on extinguishment of debt due to the write-off of deferred financing costs and original
issue discount. No amounts were outstanding under the Former Revolving Credit Facility on April 17,
2015. The remaining proceeds of loans made under the Credit Facility were used for general corporate
purposes.

     The Company capitalized debt issuance costs of $2.3 million related to the Credit Facility, which are
being amortized on a straight-line basis to interest expense over the five-year term of the Credit Facility.

       The Credit Agreement also provides for a letter of credit subfacility and a $15.0 million swingline
facility. Letters of credit issued under the Credit Agreement reduce the borrowing capacity of the Credit
Facility. Letters of credit totaling $2.5 million have been issued as of January 3, 2016, primarily to support
the Company’s insurance programs.

Guarantees
     Obligations under the Credit Facility are guaranteed by the Company and all of its current and future
wholly-owned material domestic subsidiaries, and are secured by first-priority security interests in
substantially all of the assets of the Company and its subsidiary guarantors, including, without limitation, a
pledge by the Company of its equity interest in Intermediate Holdings.

Interest and Fees
      Loans under the Credit Facility bear interest, at the Company’s option, either at adjusted LIBOR
plus 1.25% per annum, or a base rate plus 0.25% per annum. The interest rate margins are subject to
adjustment pursuant to a pricing grid based on the Company’s total gross leverage ratio, as defined in the
Credit Agreement. Under the terms of the Credit Agreement, the Company is obligated to pay a
commitment fee on the available unused amount of the Credit Facility commitments equal to 0.15% per
annum.

    Outstanding letters of credit under the Credit Facility are subject to a participation fee of 1.25% per
annum and an issuance fee of 0.125% per annum.

Payments and Prepayments
     The Credit Facility is scheduled to mature, and the commitments thereunder will terminate on April
17, 2020, subject to extensions as set forth the in the Credit Agreement.

      The Company may repay loans and reduce commitments under the Credit Agreement at any time in
agreed-upon minimum principal amounts, without premium or penalty (except LIBOR breakage costs, if
applicable).




                                                      78
       Following the closing of the Credit Facility and the initial borrowing of $260.0 million, the Company
made a total of $100.0 million of principal payments on the Credit Facility, which reduced the Company’s
total outstanding debt to $160.0 million at January 3, 2016.

Covenants
     The Credit Agreement contains financial, affirmative and negative covenants. The negative
covenants include, among other things, limitations on the Company’s ability to:
     x incur additional indebtedness;
     x grant additional liens;
     x enter into sale-leaseback transactions;
     x make loans or investments;
     x merge, consolidate or enter into acquisitions;
     x pay dividends or distributions;
     x enter into transactions with affiliates;
     x enter into new lines of business;
     x modify the terms of debt or other material agreements; and
     x change its fiscal year

     Each of these covenants is subject to customary and other agreed-upon exceptions.

      In addition, the Credit Agreement requires that the Company and its subsidiaries maintain a
maximum total net leverage ratio not to exceed 3.00 to 1.00 and minimum interest coverage ratio not to
be less than 1.75 to 1.00. Each of these covenants is tested on the last day of each fiscal quarter, starting
with the fiscal quarter ended June 28, 2015.

     The Company was in compliance with all applicable covenants under the Credit Agreement as of
January 3, 2016.

Former Credit Facility
       On April 23, 2013, Intermediate Holdings, as borrower, refinanced (the “April 2013 Refinancing”) its
prior revolving credit facility and prior term loan, by entering into the Former Credit Facility. The Former
Credit Facility provided for a $700.0 million term loan (the “Former Term Loan”) and a $60.0 million senior
secured revolving credit facility (the “Former Revolving Credit Facility”).

     The Former Term Loan, with a maturity date in April 2020, required quarterly principal payments, in
an aggregate amount equal to 1.00% of the original principal balance, with the balance due on the final
maturity date.

      All amounts outstanding under the Former Term Loan bore interest, at the Company’s option, at a
rate per annum equal to LIBOR (with a 1.00% floor with respect to Eurodollar borrowings under the Term
Loan), adjusted for statutory reserves, plus a margin equal to 3.00%, or an alternate base rate, plus a
margin equal to 2.00%, as set forth in the Former Credit Facility.

      The Former Credit Facility included the $60.0 million Former Revolving Credit Facility with a maturity
date in April 2018. The Former Revolving Credit Facility included letter of credit and $5.0 million swingline
loan subfacilities. Letters of credit issued under the Former Revolving Credit Facility reduced the
borrowing capacity on the Former Credit Facility.




                                                     79
     Interest terms on the Former Revolving Credit Facility were the same as the Former Term Loan.

      The Company capitalized debt issuance costs of $1.1 million related to the Former Revolving Credit
Facility, which were being amortized to interest expense over the term of the Former Revolving Credit
Facility.

      Under the terms of the Former Credit Facility, the Company was obligated to pay a commitment fee on
the available unused amount of the Former Revolving Credit Facility commitments equal to 0.50% per annum.


13. Other Long-Term Liabilities
     A summary of other long-term liabilities is as follows:

                                                                                                      As Of
                                                                                            January 3, December 28,
                                                                                              2016          2014
                Unamortized lease incentives.............................. $                    47,005 $    31,282
                Deferred rent........................................................           19,686      14,176
                Workers’ compensation / general liability
                 reserves ............................................................          15,489      12,738
                Unfavorable lease liability ....................................                10,178      11,408
                ARO liability .........................................................          3,214       2,952
                Closed store reserves..........................................                  1,123       1,352
                Other ....................................................................         755         163
                Total ..................................................................... $   97,450 $    74,071

     Unfavorable leasehold interests of $16.7 million were recognized in connection with previous
business combinations and are being amortized on a straight-line basis over the term of the underlying
leases.


14. Self-Insurance Programs
General Liability and Workers’ Compensation
      The Company carries insurance policies for general liability and workers’ compensation to minimize
the risk of loss due to accident, injury and commercial liability claims resulting from its operations, and to
comply with certain legal and contractual requirements.

       The Company retains certain levels of exposure in its self-insurance programs and purchases
coverage from third-party insurers for exposures in excess of those levels. In addition to expensing
premiums and other costs relating to excess coverage, the Company establishes reserves for claims,
both reported and incurred but not reported (“IBNR”). IBNR claims are estimated using historical claim
information, demographic factors, severity factors and other actuarial assumptions. At January 3, 2016,
the Company had recorded a $0.8 million receivable from its insurance carrier for payments expected to
be made in excess of self-insured retentions. The Company expects to receive payment for the 2015
receivable during 2016. See Note 11, “Other Accrued Liabilities,” and Note 13, “Other Long-Term
Liabilities” for amounts recorded for general liability and workers’ compensation liabilities.

Medical
      The Company is self-insured for medical claims up to certain stop-loss limits. Such costs are
accrued based on known claims and an estimate of IBNR claims. IBNR claims are estimated using
historical claim information, demographic factors, severity factors and other actuarial assumptions. At
January 3, 2016, the Company had recorded a $0.6 million receivable from its medical insurance carrier
for payments expected to be made in excess of stop-loss limits. The Company expects to receive



                                                                     80
payment for the 2015 receivable during 2016. No receivable was recorded as of December 28, 2014 as
the stop-loss limit was not exceeded.


15. Defined Contribution Plan
      The Company maintains the Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. Employee 401(k) Savings Plan (the
“Plan”), which is a defined contribution plan covering all eligible team members. Under the provisions of
the Plan, participants may direct the Company to defer a portion of their compensation to the Plan,
subject to the Internal Revenue Code limitations. The Company provides for an employer matching
contribution equal to 50% of each dollar contributed by the participants up to 6% of their eligible
compensation.

     Total expense recorded for the matching under the Plan:

                                                             Year Ended
                     January 3,                             December 28,                            December 29,
                       2016                                     2014                                    2013
           $            2,656                                   $1,980                                $1,583


16. Closed Store Reserves
     A summary of closed store reserve activity is as follows:

                                                                                                   As Of
                                                                                      January 3,     December 28,
                                                                                        2016             2014
                Beginning balance ............................................... $         1,785 $        4,713
                Additions ..............................................................    1,144            688
                Usage...................................................................   (1,332)        (3,204)
                Adjustments .........................................................         420           (412)
                Ending balance .................................................... $       2,017 $        1,785

       Additions made during 2015 include remaining lease payments for the corporate support office
relocation, and usage during 2015 primarily related to lease payments made during the period for closed
stores. Additions made during 2014 relate to the closure and relocation of one store and to the closure
and relocation of the Texas warehouse, and usage during 2014 relates to lease payments made during
the period for closed stores. Adjustments made during 2014 include a $0.4 million favorable reserve
adjustment due to a sublease for the Sunflower administrative office and a $1.2 million favorable reserve
adjustment for one store due to settlement with the landlord. Also during 2014, the Company determined
that it should have been recording accretion expense for store closure reserves and made a correcting
entry of $0.9 million to adjust the liability for closed stores to include such accretion for prior periods. The
effect of this error on the Company’s financial statements was not material to any prior period.


17. Income Taxes
      In July 2013, in connection with the IPO, the Company converted from a limited liability company to
a C-corporation. During the period from April 17, 2011 until the corporate conversion, the Company had
elected to be taxed as a corporation for income tax purposes.




                                                                   81
Income Tax Provision
     The income tax provision consists of the following:

                                                                                          Year Ended
                                                                             January 3, December 28, December 29,
                                                                               2016         2014         2013
          U.S. Federal—current ...................................... $(51,322) $            (41,217) $     (15,684)
          U.S. Federal—deferred .................................... (15,155)                (17,007)       (12,203)
          U.S. Federal—total........................................... (66,477)             (58,224)       (27,887)
          State—current ..................................................     (9,619)        (7,815)        (3,299)
          State—deferred ................................................        (906)          (375)        (1,555)
          State—total....................................................... (10,525)         (8,190)        (4,854)
          Total provision .................................................. $(77,002) $     (66,414) $     (32,741)


Tax Rate Reconciliation
      Income tax provision differed from the amounts computed by applying the U.S. federal income tax
rate to pretax income as a result of the following:

                                                                                          Year Ended
                                                                           January 3,   December 28,   December 29,
                                                                             2016           2014           2013
          Federal statutory rate ...................................          35.00%         35.00%          35.00%
          Increase in income taxes resulting from:
             State income taxes, net of federal benefit ...                    3.82           3.78            5.18
             Other, net.................................................      (1.44)         (0.63)          (1.23)
          Effective tax rate ...........................................      37.38%         38.15%          38.95%

      The effective income tax rate decreased to 37.38% in 2015 from 38.15% in 2014 as a result of
increased tax credits and enhanced charitable food contribution deductions for 2015. The effective
income tax rate decreased to 38.15% in 2014 from 38.95% in 2013 as a result of increased enhanced
charitable contributions for 2014.

       Excess tax benefits associated with stock option exercises are credited to stockholders’ equity. The
Company uses the tax law ordering approach of intraperiod allocation to allocate the benefit of windfall
tax benefits based on provisions in the tax law that identify the sequence in which those amounts are
utilized for tax purposes. The income tax benefits resulting from stock awards that were credited to
stockholders’ equity were $20.0 million, $47.3 million and $17.8 million in 2015, 2014 and 2013. The
income tax benefit for 2015 included $0.1 million of income tax benefits related to stock award activity in
2013. The income tax benefit for 2014 included $1.4 million of income tax benefits related to stock award
activity in 2013. The excess tax benefits are not credited to stockholders’ equity until the deduction
reduces income taxes payable.




                                                                    82
Deferred Taxes
      Significant components of the Company’s deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are as
follows:

                                                                                      As Of
                                                                            January 3, December 28,
                                                                              2016          2014
                Deferred tax assets
                  Employee benefits ......................................... $ 20,298 $           17,930
                  Net operating loss carryforwards and tax
                    credits .........................................................      409      3,282
                  Lease related .................................................       80,172     81,014
                  Other accrued liabilities .................................            8,070      7,028
                  Charitable contribution carryforward..............                    14,574      8,889
                  Inventories and other .....................................            1,202      1,073
                      Total gross deferred tax assets ................                 124,725    119,216
                Deferred tax liabilities
                  Depreciation and amortization ....................... (111,402)                 (97,731)
                  Intangible assets ............................................       (11,377)    (4,020)
                  Other ..............................................................    (546)      (485)
                      Total gross deferred tax liabilities ............. (123,325)               (102,236)
                      Net deferred tax asset............................... $            1,400 $   16,980

     A valuation allowance is established for deferred tax assets if it is more likely than not that these
items will either expire before the Company is able to realize their benefits, or that the realization of future
deductions is uncertain.

       Management performs an assessment over future taxable income to analyze whether it is more
likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate
realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the
periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. The Company has evaluated all
available positive and negative evidence and believes it is probable that the deferred tax assets will be
realized and has not recorded a valuation allowance against the Company’s deferred tax assets as of
January 3, 2016 and December 28, 2014.

       At December 28, 2014, the Company had approximately $5.7 million of federal net operating loss
carryforwards that were fully utilized in 2015. The Company had net operating loss carryforwards for state
income tax purposes of $4.2 million as of December 28, 2014 that were fully utilized in 2015. The
Company had alternative minimum tax credits of $0.9 million as of December 28, 2014 that were fully
utilized in 2015. The Company had general business credits of $1.5 million as of December 28, 2014 that
were fully utilized in 2015. The company has state income tax credits of $0.4 million which are available
to offset future state income taxes until 2023 through 2024.

      In September 2013 the Internal Revenue Service issued final regulations related to tangible
property, which govern when a taxpayer must capitalize or deduct expenses for acquiring, maintaining,
repairing and replacing tangible property. The regulations are effective for tax years beginning January 1,
2014, however early adoption is permitted. The Company adopted the regulations for the tax year
beginning December 30, 2013. The Company has analyzed the impacts of the tangible property
regulations and has determined they are in compliance with the regulations.

      The Company applies the authoritative accounting guidance under ASC 740 for the recognition,
measurement, classification and disclosure of uncertain tax positions taken or expected to be taken in a
tax return.




                                                           83
     A reconciliation of the beginning and ending amounts of unrecognized tax benefits is as follows:

                                                                                           As Of
                                                                            January 3, December 28, December 29,
                                                                              2016         2014         2013
          Beginning balance............................................... $     626 $         410 $        150
          Additions based on tax positions related to the
           current year ......................................................   114           216          260
          Reductions for tax positions for prior years.........                   (3)           —            —
          Net deferred tax asset ......................................... $     737 $         626 $        410

      At January 3, 2016 and December 28, 2014, the Company had unrecognized tax benefits of $0.7
million and $0.6 million (tax effected) that would impact the effective tax rate if recognized.

    The Company’s policy is to recognize accrued interest and penalties as a component of income tax
expense.

      The Company anticipates an increase in the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits during the
next twelve months related to depreciation for transaction cost allocation in the amount of $0.1 million.

     The Company files income tax returns with federal and state tax authorities within the United States.
The statute of limitations for income tax examinations remains open for federal tax returns for tax years
2012 through 2014 and state tax returns for the tax years 2011 through 2014. The statute of limitations
remains open for Sunflower’s pre-merger federal tax returns for 2012 and state tax returns for 2008
through 2012.

      The Company early adopted the guidance under ASU No. 2015-17 during 2015. The guidance
requires that deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities be classified as noncurrent on the
consolidated balance sheets. The Company elected the prospective method of adoption, and therefore
did not reclassify deferred tax balances for prior years.


18. Related-Party Transactions
      A member of the Company’s board of directors is an investor in a company that is a supplier of
coffee to the Company. During 2015, 2014 and 2013, purchases from this company were $9.7 million,
$8.3 million and $7.9 million, respectively. As of January 3, 2016, December 28, 2014 and December 29,
2013 the Company had no receivable recorded from this vendor. As of January 3, 2016, December 28,
2014 and December 29, 2013, the Company had recorded accounts payable due to this vendor of $0.7
million, $0.5 million and $0.7 million, respectively.

     On November 3, 2015, the Company entered into an agreement to purchase an airplane from this
board member for $7.5 million. The transaction closed on December 17, 2015.

      During 2013, in connection with our Former Credit Facility, we paid an arrangement fee of $0.8
million to an affiliate of Apollo Global Management, LLC (together with its subsidiaries and the investment
funds affiliated with, and co-investment vehicles managed by, Apollo Management VI, L.P. (“Apollo”), our
former principal stockholder. Apollo Global Securities, LLC, another affiliate of Apollo, was an underwriter
of our IPO and secondary offerings that closed on August 18, 2014, April 2, 2014, and December 2, 2013,
and received fees of approximately $0.9 million, $1.3 million, $0.8 million and $1.0 million, respectively.

      Another member of the Company’s board of directors purchased stock in a technology supplier to
the Company in January 2015. During 2015, 2014 and 2013, purchases from this company were $5.9
million, $5.2 million and $3.6 million, respectively. As of January 3, 2016, December 28, 2014 and
December 29, 2013, the Company had no receivable recorded from this vendor. As of January 3, 2016,




                                                                 84
December 28, 2014 and December 29, 2013, the Company had recorded accounts payable due to this
vendor of $0.3 million, $0.6 million and $0.4 million, respectively.

      This board member also provided a convertible loan to a technology supplier to the Company in
September 2015. During 2015, 2014 and 2013, purchases from this company were $0.5 million, $0.8
million and $0.8 million, respectively. As of January 3, 2016, December 28, 2014 and December 29,
2013, the Company had no receivable recorded from this vendor. As of January 3, 2016, December 28,
2014 and December 29, 2013, the Company had recorded accounts payable due to this vendor of $0.1
million, $0.1 million and none, respectively.


19. Commitments and Contingencies
Operating Lease Commitments
     The Company’s leases include stores, office and warehouse buildings. These leases had an
average remaining lease term of approximately nine years as of January 3, 2016.

      Rent expense charged to operations under operating leases in 2015, 2014 and 2013 totaled $88.1
million, $72.9 million and $64.7 million, respectively.

     Future minimum lease obligations for operating leases with initial terms in excess of one year at
January 3, 2016 are as follows:

                     2016....................................................................... $ 108,429
                     2017.......................................................................   120,943
                     2018.......................................................................   122,210
                     2019.......................................................................   117,869
                     2020.......................................................................   116,065
                     Thereafter..............................................................      759,690
                     Total payments...................................................... $1,345,206

     The Company has subtenant agreements under which it will receive rent as follows:

                     2016.......................................................................   $   1,462
                     2017.......................................................................       1,240
                     2018.......................................................................       1,005
                     2019.......................................................................         683
                     2020.......................................................................         656
                     Thereafter..............................................................          1,279
                     Total subtenant rent ..............................................           $   6,325


Capital and Financing Lease Commitments
     The Company is committed under certain capital and financing leases for rental of buildings and
equipment. These leases expire or become subject to renewal clauses at various dates from 2016 to
2032.




                                                                   85
     As of January 3, 2016, future minimum lease payments required by all capital and financing leases
during the initial lease term are as follows:

                                                                                                Capital   Financing
                Fiscal Year                                                                     Leases     Leases
                2016 ...................................................................... $     1,451 $ 26,249
                2017 ......................................................................       1,451    16,107
                2018 ......................................................................       1,451    13,968
                2019 ......................................................................       1,294    13,486
                2020 ......................................................................       1,194    13,495
                Thereafter .............................................................          8,904    55,855
                   Total .................................................................       15,745  139,160
                Plus balloon payment (financing leases) ..............                               —     74,516
                Less amount representing interest .......................                        (5,210)  (85,010)
                   Net present value of capital and financing
                     lease obligations ...........................................               10,535   128,666
                Less current portion ..............................................                (714)  (14,258)
                Total long-term...................................................... $           9,821 $ 114,408


     The final payment under the financing lease obligations is a noncash payment which represents the
conveyance of the property to the buyer-lessor at the end of the lease term, described as balloon
payment in the table above.

Other Commitments and Contingencies
      The Company is exposed to claims and litigation matters arising in the ordinary course of business
and uses various methods to resolve these matters that are believed to best serve the interests of the
Company’s stakeholders. The Company’s primary contingencies are associated with insurance and self-
insurance obligations. Estimation of insurance and self-insurance liabilities require significant judgments,
and actual claim settlements and associated expenses may differ from the Company’s current provisions
for loss. See Note 14, “Self-Insurance Programs” for more information.

     In addition to our lease obligations, the Company maintains certain purchase commitments with
various vendors to ensure its operational needs are fulfilled. As of January 3, 2016, such future purchase
commitments consisted of $236.50 million.

       One individual purchase commitment which is in effect from October 1, 2014 through December 31,
2017 for certain goods requires the Company to purchase approximately $76.8 million and $94.2 million
for fiscal years 2016 and 2017, respectively. Purchase commitments under this agreement are based on
volumes and commodities prices in effect at the time of purchase. The amounts above were calculated
based on current commodities prices. From October 1, 2014 through January 3, 2016, the Company
purchased $78.8 million under this agreement.

     Other commitments related to the Company’s business operations cover varying periods of time and
are not significant. These commitments are expected to be fulfilled with no adverse consequences to the
Company’s operations or financial conditions.


20. Capital stock
Common stock
      On August 6, 2013, the Company completed its initial public offering of 21,275,000 shares of
common stock of Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc., including 2,775,000 shares of common stock issued as a
result of the exercise in full of the underwriters’ option to purchase additional shares, at a price of $18.00



                                                                     86
per share. The Company sold 20,477,215 shares of common stock, including the additional shares, and
certain stockholders sold the remaining 797,785 shares.

     The Company received net proceeds from the IPO of approximately $344.1 million, after deducting
underwriting discounts and offering expenses.

       As of January 3, 2016, 152,577,884 shares of the Company’s common stock were issued and
outstanding after the repurchase and retirement of 1,068,279 shares as described below. As of
January 3, 2016, 6,727,450 shares of common stock are reserved for issuance under the Sprouts
Farmers Market, Inc. 2013 Incentive Plan (see Note 22, “Equity-Based Compensation”). During 2015,
options were exercised in exchange for the issuance of 1,773,518 shares of common stock. During 2014,
options were exercised in exchange for the issuance of 4,216,774 shares of common stock, including a
total of 2,340,639 options exercised and the stock sold in our April and August secondary offerings.
During 2013, options were exercised in exchange for the issuance of 1,194,999 shares of common stock
and the Company repurchased 12,375 of the shares of common stock issued in one exercise.

     On November 4, 2015, the Company’s board of directors authorized a $150 million common stock
share repurchase program. The shares may be purchased from time to time over two year period, subject
to general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market
purchases, privately negotiated transactions or other means, including through Rule 10b5-1 trading plans.
The board’s authorization of the share repurchase program does not obligate the Company to acquire
any particular amount of common stock, and the repurchase program may be commenced, suspended or
discontinued at any time. As of January 3, 2016, the Company had repurchased 1,068,279 million shares
of common stock for $25.7 million and subsequently retired such shares. Subsequent to January 3, 2016,
the Company repurchased an additional 2,431,721 shares of common stock for $59.3 million and
subsequently retired such shares.

     During 2013, the Company received $0.2 million from certain officers as the return of deemed profits
on the purchase of stock in our IPO and the subsequent sale of our stock within six months. These
proceeds are included in “Issuance of shares in IPO, net of issuance costs” in the accompanying
consolidated statements of stockholders’ equity and in “Proceeds from the issuance of shares” in the
accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows.

Preferred Stock
      The Company’s board of directors is authorized, subject to limitations prescribed by Delaware law,
to issue up to 10,000,000 shares of the Company’s preferred stock in one or more series, to establish
from time to time the number of shares to be included in each series, to fix the designation, powers,
preferences, and rights of the shares of each series and any of its qualifications, limitations, or
restrictions, in each case without further action by the Company’s stockholders. The Company’s board of
directors can also increase or decrease the number of shares of any series of preferred stock, but not
below the number of shares of that series then outstanding. The Company’s board of directors may
authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the
voting power or other rights of the holders of the common stock. The issuance of preferred stock, while
providing flexibility in connection with possible acquisitions and other corporate purposes, could, among
other things, have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in control of the Company and
might adversely affect the market price of the Company’s common stock and the voting and other rights
of the holders of the Company’s common stock. The Company has no current plan to issue any shares of
preferred stock.


21. Net Income per Share
     The computation of net income per share is based on the number of weighted average shares
outstanding during the period. The computation of diluted net income per share includes the dilutive effect




                                                    87
of share equivalents consisting of incremental shares deemed outstanding from the assumed exercise of
options.

      A reconciliation of the numerators and denominators of the basic and diluted net income per share
calculations is as follows (in thousands, except per share amounts):

                                                                                       Year Ended
                                                                         January 3,   December 28,   December 29,
                                                                           2016           2014           2013
          Basic net income per share:
             Net income ..........................................   $     128,991 $     107,692 $        51,326
             Weighted average shares outstanding...                        153,099       149,751         134,622
                Basic net income per share............               $        0.84 $        0.72 $          0.38
          Diluted net income per share:
             Net income ..........................................   $     128,991 $     107,692 $        51,326
             Weighted average shares outstanding.....                      153,099       149,751         134,622
             Dilutive effect of equity-based awards:
             Assumed exercise of options to
               purchase shares...............................                 2,737         4,570          5,143
             Restricted Stock Units (“RSU”) ...........                          37             7             —
             Performance Share Awards (“PSA”) ....                                4            —              —
                Weighted average shares and
                   equivalent shares outstanding ....                      155,877       154,328         139,765
                Diluted net income per share .........               $        0.83 $        0.70 $          0.37

     The computation of diluted earnings per share for 2015 does not include 514,377 options as those
options were antidilutive. The computation of diluted earnings per share for 2014 does not include
546,567 options as those options were antidilutive. The computation of diluted earnings per share for
2013 includes all options as no options were antidilutive.


22. Equity-Based Compensation
2013 Incentive Plan
      The Company’s board of directors adopted, and its equity holders approved, the Sprouts Farmers
Market, Inc. 2013 Incentive Plan (the “2013 Incentive Plan”). The 2013 Incentive Plan became effective
July 31, 2013 in connection with the Company’s IPO and replaced the 2011 Option Plan (as defined
below) (except with respect to outstanding options under the 2011 Option Plan). The 2013 Incentive Plan
serves as the umbrella plan for the Company’s stock-based and cash-based incentive compensation
programs for its directors, officers and other team members.

      Under the 2013 Incentive Plan, upon the pricing of the Company’s IPO, the Company granted to
certain officers and team members options to purchase 396,000 shares of common stock at an exercise
price of $18.00 per share, with grant date fair values of $4.65 to $5.92. The Company also granted to
independent directors options to purchase 11,112 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $18.00
per share, with a grant date fair value of $4.65. The options vest in accordance with the terms set forth in
the grant letter and vary depending on if they are time-based or performance-based. Time-based options
generally vest ratably over a period of 12 quarters (three years) and performance-based options vest over
a period of three years based on financial performance targets set for each year. The options expire
seven years from grant date.

     On March 4, 2014, under the 2013 Incentive Plan, the Company granted to certain officers and
team members time-based options to purchase an aggregate of 320,041 shares of common stock at an
exercise price of $39.01 per share, with a grant date fair value of $10.66 per share. The Company also



                                                                 88
granted an aggregate of 108,980 RSUs with a grant date fair value of $39.01. The options vest ratably
over a period of 12 quarters (three years) and the RSUs vest either one-third each year for three years or
one-half each year for two years. The options expire seven years from grant date.

      On May 19, 2014, under the 2013 Incentive Plan, the Company granted to a team member and to
independent members of the Company’s board of directors time-based options to purchase an aggregate
of 37,047 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $28.50 per share, with a grant date fair value of
$8.07. The Company also granted to this team member 2,174 RSUs with a grant date fair value of $28.50
per share. The options vest ratably over a period of 12 quarters (three years) and the RSUs vest either
one-third each year for three years. The options expire seven years from grant date.

      On March 11, 2015, under the 2013 Incentive Plan, the Company granted to certain officers and
team members time-based options to purchase an aggregate of 277,833 shares of common stock at an
exercise price of $34.33 per share, with a grant date fair value of $9.42 per share. The Company also
granted an aggregate of 87,394 RSUs with a grant date fair value of $34.33 per share, and 71,753 PSAs
(as described below) with a grant date fair value of $34.33 per share. The options vest ratably over a
period of 12 quarters (three years) and the RSUs vest one-third each year for three years. The options
expire seven years from grant date.

      On May 21, 2015, under the 2013 Incentive Plan, the Company granted to independent members of
its board of directors time-based options to purchase an aggregate of 14,492 shares of common stock at
an exercise price of $30.30 per share, with a grant date fair value of $8.28. The Company also granted to
the independent directors an aggregate of 3,896 RSUs with a grant date fair value of $30.30. The options
vest ratably over a period of 12 quarters (three years) and the RSUs vest either one-third each year for
three years or one-half each year for two years. The options expire seven years from grant date.

      On August 11, 2015, under the 2013 Incentive Plan, the Company granted to an independent
member of its board of directors and certain officers and team members time-based options to purchase
an aggregate of 2,138,899 shares of common stock at an exercise price of $20.98 per share, with a grant
date fair value of $5.79 per share. The Company also granted an aggregate of 5,660 RSUs with a grant
date fair value of $20.98 per share. The options vest ratably over a period of 12 quarters (three years)
and the RSUs vest either one-third each year for three years or one-half each year for two years. The
options expire seven years from grant date.

       On November 10, 2015, under the 2013 Incentive Plan, the Company granted to an independent
member of its board of directors time-based options to purchase 4,431 shares of common stock at an
exercise price of $23.26 per share, with a grant date fair value of $6.77 per share. The Company also
granted to this independent director an aggregate of 1,370 RSUs with a grant date fair value of $23.26.
The options vest ratably over a period of 12 quarters (three years) and the RSUs vest one-third each year
for three years. The options expire seven years from grant date.

      The aggregate number of shares of common stock that may be issued to team members and
directors under the 2013 Incentive Plan may not exceed 10,089,072. Shares subject to awards granted
under the 2013 Incentive Plan which are subsequently forfeited, expire unexercised or are otherwise not
issued will not be treated as having been issued for purposes of the share limitation. As of January 3,
2016, 6,727,450 shares of common stock are reserved for issuance under the 2013 Incentive Plan.

2011 Option Plan
     In May 2011, the Company adopted the Sprouts Farmers Markets, LLC Option Plan (the “2011
Option Plan”) to provide team members or directors of the Company with options to acquire shares of the
Company. The Company had authorized 12,100,000 shares for issuance under the 2011 Option Plan.
Options may no longer be issued under the 2011 Option Plan.




                                                    89
      During 2013, the Company awarded 209,000 options to team members under the 2011 Option Plan
at exercise prices of $9.15 and grant date fair values of $2.33 to $3.10.

Stock Options
       Prior to the IPO, options were granted to certain team members at a price determined by the Board in
its sole discretion. The maximum contractual term for such options was seven years. The options vest in
accordance with the terms set forth in the grant letter and vary depending on if they are time-based or
performance-based. Time-based options generally vest ratably over a period of 12 quarters (three years)
and performance-based options vest over a period of three years based on financial performance targets
set for each year. Vesting schedules of future grants may differ. In the event of a change in control as
defined in the 2013 Incentive Plan and 2011 Option Plan, all options become immediately vested and
exercisable.

     In the event of a change in control as defined in the award agreements issued under the 2013
Incentive Plan and in the 2011 Option Plan, all options and awards issued prior to 2015 become
immediately vested and exercisable.

      For grants issued in 2015, the options and awards only become immediately vested in the event of a
change in control (as defined in the applicable team member award agreement) if the grants are not continued
or assumed by the acquiror on a substantially equivalent basis. If the options and awards continue or are
assumed on a substantially equivalent basis, but employment is terminated by the Company or an acquirer
without cause or by the team member for good reason (as such terms are defined in the applicable team
member award agreement) within 24 months following the change in control, such options or awards will
become immediately vested upon such termination. Under all other scenarios, the awards continue to vest per
the schedule outlined in the applicable team member award agreement.

     Shares issued for option exercises and RSU vesting are newly issued shares.

     The estimated fair values of options granted during 2015, 2014 and 2013 range from $2.33 to
$10.66, and were calculated using the following assumptions:

                                                 2015                           2014             2013
          Dividend yield...........                  0.00%            0.00%             0.00%
          Expected volatility .... 30.61% to 32.51% 31.19% to 32.19% 31.03% to 37.38%
          Risk free interest
            rate........................ 1.44% to 1.67%    1.20% to 1.33%   0.56% to 1.36%
          Expected term, in
           years .....................               4.31             4.31      4.00 to 5.00

     The grant date weighted average fair value of the 2.1 million options issued but not vested as of
January 3, 2016 was $6.32. The grant date weighted average fair value of the 0.9 million options issued
but not vested as of December 28, 2014 was $5.42. The grant date weighted average fair value of the
2.7 million options issued but not vested as of December 29, 2013 was $2.09.

     The following table summarizes grant date weighted average fair value of options granted and
options forfeited:

                                                                                        Year Ended
                                                                           January 3, December 28, December 29,
                                                                             2016         2014         2013
          Grant date weighted average fair value of
           options granted................................................ $      6.22 $   10.39 $        4.27
          Grant date weighted average fair value of
           options forfeited............................................... $     5.36 $     6.79 $       1.85



                                                                 90
     Expected volatility is calculated based upon historical volatility data from a group of comparable
companies and the Company over a timeframe consistent with the expected life of the awards. The
expected term is estimated based on the expected period that the options are anticipated to be
outstanding after initial grant until exercise or expiration based upon various factors including the
contractual terms of the awards and vesting schedules. The expected risk-free rate is based on the U.S.
Treasury yield curve rates in effect at the time of the grant using the term most consistent with the
expected life of the award. Dividend yield was estimated at zero as the Company does not anticipate
making regular future distributions to stockholders.

     The following table summarizes option activity:

                                                                                                   Weighted
                                                                                    Weighted       Average
                                                                                    Average       Remaining     Aggregate
                                                                     Number of      Exercise     Contractual     Intrinsic
                                                                      Options        Price      Life (In Years)    Value
     Outstanding at December 28, 2014.................. 6,884,997 $                      5.82
     Granted ............................................................. 2,435,655    22.56
     Forfeited............................................................  (144,225)   18.30
     Exercised .......................................................... (1,773,518)    3.56                $ 53,373
     Outstanding at January 3, 2016........................ 7,402,909                   11.63           4.10 $116,336
     Exercisable—January 3, 2016.......................... 5,286,752                     7.11           3.16 $106,012
     Vested/Expected to vest—January 3, 2016 ..... 7,268,675                            11.43           4.06 $115,690


RSUs
     In the event of a change in control as defined in the award agreements issued under the 2013
Incentive Plan, all RSUs granted prior to 2015 become immediately vested.

      RSUs granted in 2015 only become immediately vested in the event of a change in control (as
defined in the applicable team member award agreement) if the awards are not continued or assumed by
the acquiror on a substantially equivalent basis. If the awards continue or are assumed on a substantially
equivalent basis, but employment is terminated by the Company or an acquirer without cause or by the
team member for good reason (as such terms are defined in the applicable team member award
agreement) within 24 months following the change in control, such awards will become immediately
vested upon such termination. Under all other scenarios, the awards continue to vest per the schedule
outlined in the applicable team member award agreement.

     Shares issued for RSU vesting are newly issued shares.

     The estimated fair value of RSUs granted during 2015 and 2014 range from $20.98 to $39.01, and
were calculated based on the closing price on the grant date.

      The total grant date fair value of RSUs granted during 2015 was $3.3 million. The total grant date
fair value of RSUs released upon vesting during 2015 was $1.5 million. There were no RSUs released
during 2014. The total grant date fair value of RSUs forfeited during 2015 was $0.7 million. The grant date
weighted average fair value of the 0.1 million RSUs issued but not released as of January 3, 2016 was
$5.0 million.

      The total grant date fair value of RSUs granted during 2014 was $4.3 million. There were no RSUs
released during 2014. The total grant date fair value of RSUs forfeited during 2014 was $0.3 million. The
grant date weighted average fair value of the 0.1 million RSUs issued but not released as of December
28, 2014 was $4.0 million.




                                                                91
     The following table summarizes RSU activity:

                                                                                                                           Weighted
                                                                                                                            Average
                                                                                                             Number of     Grant Date
                                                                                                               RSUs        Fair Value
     Outstanding at December 28, 2014.................................................                         102,939             38.78
     Awarded...........................................................................................         98,320             33.25
     Released..........................................................................................        (39,311)            38.82
     Forfeited...........................................................................................      (18,753)            36.64
     Outstanding at January 3, 2016 ......................................................                     143,195             35.26


PSAs
      The PSAs were granted in March 2015 and are earned based on the Company’s achievement of
certain earnings per share performance targets during 2015. If earned, such PSAs vest 50% on the
second anniversary of the grant date (2017), and 50% on the third anniversary of the grant date (2018).

      The PSAs only become immediately vested in the event of a change in control (as defined in the
applicable team member award agreement) if the awards are not continued or assumed by the acquiror
on a substantially equivalent basis. If the awards continue or are assumed on a substantially equivalent
basis, but employment is terminated by the Company or an acquirer without cause or by the team
member for good reason (as such terms are defined in the applicable team member award agreement)
within 24 months following the change in control, such awards will become immediately vested upon such
termination. Under all other scenarios, the awards continue to vest per the schedule outlined in the
applicable team member award agreement.

     Shares issued for PSA vesting are newly issued shares.

      The estimated fair values of PSAs granted during 2015 is $34.33, and was calculated based on the
closing price on the grant date.

      The total grant date fair value of PSAs granted during 2015 was $2.5 million. There were no PSAs
released during 2015. The total grant date fair value of PSAs forfeited during 2015 was $0.1 million. The
grant date weighted average fair value of the 0.1 million PSAs issued but not released as of January 3,
2016 was $2.4 million. Subsequent to January 3, 2016, the Company’s board of directors determined that
the performance targets were met and 0.1 million PSAs were earned.

     The following table summarizes PSA activity:

                                                                                                                      Weighted
                                                                                                                       Average
                                                                                                     Number of        Grant Date
                                                                                                       PSAs           Fair Value
            Outstanding at December 28, 2014 ................................                                   —             —
            Awarded ..........................................................................              71,753         34.33
            Released .........................................................................                  —             —
            Forfeited ..........................................................................            (1,614)        34.33
            Outstanding at January 3, 2016 ......................................                           70,139         34.33




                                                                           92
     Equity-based compensation expense was as follows:

                                                                                  Year Ended
                                                                     January 3, December 28, December 29,
                                                                       2016         2014         2013
          Cost of sales, buying and occupancy................ $             681 $       695 $        672
          Direct store expenses........................................   1,103         788          104
          Selling, general and administrative expenses...                 6,234       3,872        5,004
          Total equity-based compensation expense ...... $                8,018 $     5,355 $      5,780

     The Company recognized income tax benefits of $3.1 million, $2.1 million and $2.3 million for 2015,
2014, and 2013, respectively.

     As of January 3, 2016, total unrecognized compensation expense related to outstanding options
was $5.3 million, which, if the service and performance conditions are fully met, is expected to be
recognized over the next 2.3 years on a weighted-average basis.

      As of January 3, 2016, total unrecognized compensation expense related to outstanding RSUs was
$2.9 million, which, if the service and performance conditions are fully met, is expected to be recognized
over the next 1.4 years on a weighted-average basis.

      As of January 3, 2016, total unrecognized compensation expenses related to outstanding PSAs was
$1.6 million, which, if the service and performance conditions are fully met, is expected to be recognized
over the next 1.7 years on a weighted-average basis.

     During 2015, 2014 and 2013, the Company received $6.6 million, $11.1 million and $3.8 million in
cash proceeds from the exercise of options, respectively.

      During 2015, 2014 and 2013, the Company recorded $20.0 million, $47.3 million and $13.4 million
of excess tax benefits from the exercise of options, respectively.




                                                            93
Item 9.      Changes In and Disagreements with Accountants on Auditing and Financial
             Disclosure
     None.

Item 9A.     Controls and Procedures
Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures
      We maintain a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) designed to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by
us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the Securities and Exchange
Commission, and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer (our principal executive officer) and our Chief Financial Officer (our principal financial officer), as
appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure.

      Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer,
has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures under the Exchange Act as of
January 3, 2016, the end of the period covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Based upon that
evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of January 3, 2016,
our disclosure controls and procedures are effective.

Management’s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
      Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over
financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal
control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of
financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles.

      Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect
misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk
that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance
with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

      Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial
reporting as of January 3, 2016, using the criteria set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control—Integrated Framework (2013 Framework).
Based on this assessment, our management has concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting was effective as of January 3, 2016.

      PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, assessed the
effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, as stated in the firm’s report which is included
with the consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting
      There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
quarterly period ended January 3, 2016 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting.

Item 9B.     Other Information
     None.



                                                      94
                                                   PART III

Item 10.     Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance
      The information required by this item will be contained in our definitive Proxy Statement to be filed
with the SEC in connection with our 2016 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (referred to as the “Proxy
Statement”), which is expected to be filed not later than 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended
January 3, 2016, and is incorporated herein by reference.

       We have adopted a Code of Ethics – Principal Executive Officer and Senior Financial Officers
(referred to as the “Code”) that applies to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and
principal accounting officer and controller. The Code is publicly available on our website at
http://investors.sprouts.com/Cache/1001200324.PDF?O=PDF&T=&Y=&D=&FID=1001200324&iid=40963
86.

      We will provide disclosure of future updates, amendments or waivers from the Code by posting
them to our investor relations website located at investors.sprouts.com. The information contained on or
accessible through our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Except for such Code, the information contained on or accessible through our website is not incorporated
by reference into this Annual Report on Form 10-K.

Item 11.     Executive Compensation
     The information required by this Item will be set forth in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated
herein by reference.

Item 12.     Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related
             Stockholder Matters
     The information required by this Item will be set forth in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated
herein by reference.

Item 13.     Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence
     The information required by this Item will be set forth in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated
herein by reference.

Item 14.     Principal Accountant Fees and Services
     The information required by this Item will be set forth in the Proxy Statement and is incorporated
herein by reference.


                                                   PART IV

Item 15.     Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules
     (a)   Documents filed as part of this report:
           1.    Financial Statements: The information concerning our financial statements and Report of
                 Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm required by this Item is incorporated by
                 reference herein to the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K in Item 8, titled
                 “Financial Statements and Supplementary Data.”
           2.    Financial Statement Schedules: No schedules are required.
           3.    Exhibits: See Item 15(b) below.



                                                     95
        (b)   Exhibits:

Exhibit
Number         Description
  2.1         Plan of Conversion of Sprouts Farmers Markets, LLC (1)
  3.1         Certificate of Incorporation of Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. (1)
  3.2         Bylaws of Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. (1)
10.1          Sprouts Farmers Markets, LLC 2011 Option Plan (2)
10.2          Form of Stock Option Agreement under Sprouts Farmers Markets, LLC 2011 Option Plan (2)
10.3          Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. 2013 Incentive Plan, amended as of May 1, 2015 (3)
10.3.1(a)     Form of Stock Option Agreement under Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. 2013 Incentive Plan (4)
10.3.1(b)     2015 Form of Stock Option Agreement under Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. 2013 Incentive
              Plan (5)
10.3.2(a)     Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. 2013 Incentive
              Plan (4)
10.3.2(b)     2015 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. 2013
              Incentive Plan (5)
10.3.3        2015 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement under Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc.
              2013 Incentive Plan (5)
10.4          Employment Agreement, dated April 18, 2011, by and between Sprouts Farmers Markets,
              LLC and Doug Sanders (2)
10.4.1        Amendment No. 1, dated August 23, 2012, to the Employment Agreement, dated April 18,
              2011, by and between Sprouts Farmers Markets, LLC and Doug Sanders (2)
10.4.2        Amendment No. 2, dated April 29, 2015, to the Employment Agreement, dated April 18, 2011,
              as amended on August 23, 2012, by and between Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. and Doug
              Sanders (3)
10.4.3        Letter Agreement, dated August 6, 2015, by and between Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. and
              Doug Sanders (6)
10.5          Employment Agreement, dated July 15, 2011, by and between Sprouts Farmers Markets,
              LLC and Amin N. Maredia (2)
10.5.1        Amendment No. 1, dated April 18, 2013, to the Employment Agreement, dated July 25, 2011
              by and between Sprouts Farmers Markets, LLC and Amin N. Maredia (7)
10.5.2        Amendment No. 2, dated April 29, 2015, to the Employment Agreement, dated July 15, 2011,
              as amended on April 18, 2013, by and between Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. and Amin
              Maredia (3)
10.5.3        Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated August 6, 2015, by and between
              Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. and Amin N. Maredia (6)
10.6          Employment Agreement, dated April 18, 2011, by and between Sprouts Farmers Markets,
              LLC and Jim Nielsen (2)
10.6.1        Amendment No. 1, dated March 12, 2014, to the Employment Agreement, dated April 18,
              2011 by and between Sprouts Farmers Markets, LLC and Jim Nielsen (8)
10.6.2        Amendment No. 2, dated August 6, 2015, to the Employment Agreement, dated April 18,
              2011 by and between Sprouts Farmers Markets, LLC and Jim Nielsen (6)
10.7          Employment Agreement, dated January 23, 2012, by and between Sprouts Farmers Markets,
              LLC and Brandon Lombardi (2)
10.7.1        Amendment No. 1, dated November 15, 2012, to the Employment Agreement, dated
              January 23, 2012, by and between Sprouts Farmers Markets, LLC and Brandon Lombardi (2)


                                                      96
10.7.2       Amendment No. 2, dated April 29, 2015, to the Employment Agreement, dated January 23,
             2012, as amended on November 15, 2012, by and between Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc.
             and Brandon Lombardi (3)
10.8†        Amended and Restated Nature’s Best Distribution Agreement, dated as of August 13,
             2014 (9)
10.9         Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. and its
             directors and officers (2)
10.10        Credit Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2015, among Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc., Sprouts
             Farmers Markets Holdings, LLC, the lenders from time to time party thereto, JPMorgan
             Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, Bank of America, N.A., BMO Harris Bank, N.A.
             and BBVA Compass Bank, as co-syndication agents, and Coöperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-
             Boerenleenbank B.A., “Rabobank Nederland”, New York Branch, as documentation agent
             (10)
10.11        Form of Confidentiality, Non-Competition, and Non-Solicitation Agreement (11)
10.12        Executive Severance and Change in Control Plan (12)
10.13        Aircraft Purchase Agreement, dated November 3, 2015, by and between Sprouts Farmers
             Markets Holdings, LLC and CJ Leasing Services LLC (12)
21.1         List of subsidiaries
23.1         Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent registered accounting firm
31.1         Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
             2002
31.2         Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
             2002
32.1         Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted
             pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
32.2         Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted
             pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
101.INS      XBRL Instance Document
101.SCH      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
101.CAL      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
101.DEF      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
101.LAB      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document
101.PRE      XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document

†      Portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been omitted pursuant to a confidential
       treatment order granted pursuant to a request submitted separately to the SEC pursuant to
       Rule 406 under the Securities Act.
(1)    Filed as an exhibit to Amendment No. 4 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1
       (File No. 333-188493) filed with the SEC on July 29, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference.
(2)    Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-188493)
       filed with the SEC on May 9, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference.
(3)    Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 5,
       2015, and incorporated herein by reference.
(4)    Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on
       August 7, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference.
(5)    Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 7,
       2015, and incorporated herein by reference.
(6)    Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 10,
       2015, and incorporated herein by reference.


                                                     97
(7)  Filed as an exhibit to Amendment No. 3 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1
     (File No. 333-188493) filed with the SEC on July 22, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference.
(8) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 12,
     2014, and incorporated herein by reference.
(9) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on
     November 6, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference.
(10) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 17,
     2015, and incorporated herein by reference.
(11) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August
     6, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference.
(12) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on
     November 5, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference.




                                                   98
                                             SIGNATURES

      Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the
registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly
authorized.

                                                               SPROUTS FARMERS MARKET, INC.

Date: February 25, 2016                                        By:    /s/ Amin N. Maredia
                                                               Name:Amin N. Maredia
                                                               Title: Chief Executive Officer

      Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed
below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates
indicated.

                 Signature                                  Title                               Date

           /s/ Amin N. Maredia               Director and Chief Executive Officer     February 25, 2016
             Amin N. Maredia                    (Principal Executive Officer)

         /s/ Susannah Livingston             Interim Chief Financial Officer          February 25, 2016
           Susannah Livingston                  (Principal Financial Officer)

            /s/ Donna Berlinski              Vice President and Controller            February 25, 2016
             Donna Berlinski                    (Principal Accounting Officer)

          /s/ J. Douglas Sanders             Executive Chairman of the Board          February 25, 2016
           J. Douglas Sanders
              /s/ Shon Boney                 Director                                 February 25, 2016
               Shon Boney
           /s/ Joseph Fortunato              Director                                 February 25, 2016
            Joseph Fortunato
          /s/ Terri Funk Graham              Director                                 February 25, 2016
            Terri Funk Graham
          /s/ Lawrence P. Molloy             Director                                 February 25, 2016
           Lawrence P. Molloy
         /s/ Steven H. Townsend              Director                                 February 25, 2016
           Steven H. Townsend




                                                   99
                                             EXHIBIT INDEX

Exhibit
Number      Description
  2.1       Plan of Conversion of Sprouts Farmers Markets, LLC (1)
  3.1       Certificate of Incorporation of Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. (1)
  3.2       Bylaws of Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. (1)
10.1        Sprouts Farmers Markets, LLC 2011 Option Plan (2)
10.2        Form of Stock Option Agreement under Sprouts Farmers Markets, LLC 2011 Option Plan (2)
10.3        Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. 2013 Incentive Plan, amended as of May 1, 2015 (3)
10.3.1(a)   Form of Stock Option Agreement under Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. 2013 Incentive Plan (4)
10.3.1(b)   2015 Form of Stock Option Agreement under Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. 2013 Incentive
            Plan (5)
10.3.2(a)   Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. 2013 Incentive
            Plan (4)
10.3.2(b)   2015 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Agreement under Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. 2013
            Incentive Plan (5)
10.3.3      2015 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement under Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc.
            2013 Incentive Plan (5)
10.4        Employment Agreement, dated April 18, 2011, by and between Sprouts Farmers Markets,
            LLC and Doug Sanders (2)
10.4.1      Amendment No. 1, dated August 23, 2012, to the Employment Agreement, dated April 18,
            2011, by and between Sprouts Farmers Markets, LLC and Doug Sanders (2)
10.4.2      Amendment No. 2, dated April 29, 2015, to the Employment Agreement, dated April 18, 2011,
            as amended on August 23, 2012, by and between Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. and Doug
            Sanders (3)
10.4.3      Letter Agreement, dated August 6, 2015, by and between Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. and
            Doug Sanders (6)
10.5        Employment Agreement, dated July 15, 2011, by and between Sprouts Farmers Markets,
            LLC and Amin N. Maredia (2)
10.5.1      Amendment No. 1, dated April 18, 2013, to the Employment Agreement, dated July 25, 2011
            by and between Sprouts Farmers Markets, LLC and Amin N. Maredia (7)
10.5.2      Amendment No. 2, dated April 29, 2015, to the Employment Agreement, dated July 15, 2011,
            as amended on April 18, 2013, by and between Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. and Amin
            Maredia (3)
10.5.3      Amended and Restated Employment Agreement, dated August 6, 2015, by and between
            Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. and Amin N. Maredia (6)
10.6        Employment Agreement, dated April 18, 2011, by and between Sprouts Farmers Markets,
            LLC and Jim Nielsen (2)
10.6.1      Amendment No. 1, dated March 12, 2014, to the Employment Agreement, dated April 18,
            2011 by and between Sprouts Farmers Markets, LLC and Jim Nielsen (8)
10.6.2      Amendment No. 2, dated August 6, 2015, to the Employment Agreement, dated April 18,
            2011 by and between Sprouts Farmers Markets, LLC and Jim Nielsen (6)
10.7        Employment Agreement, dated January 23, 2012, by and between Sprouts Farmers Markets,
            LLC and Brandon Lombardi (2)
10.7.1      Amendment No. 1, dated November 15, 2012, to the Employment Agreement, dated
            January 23, 2012, by and between Sprouts Farmers Markets, LLC and Brandon Lombardi (2)
10.7.2        Amendment No. 2, dated April 29, 2015, to the Employment Agreement, dated January 23,
              2012, as amended on November 15, 2012, by and between Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc.
              and Brandon Lombardi (3)
10.8†         Amended and Restated Nature’s Best Distribution Agreement, dated as of August 13,
              2014 (9)
10.9          Form of Indemnification Agreement by and between Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc. and its
              directors and officers (2)
10.10         Credit Agreement, dated as of April 17, 2015, among Sprouts Farmers Market, Inc., Sprouts
              Farmers Markets Holdings, LLC, the lenders from time to time party thereto, JPMorgan
              Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, Bank of America, N.A., BMO Harris Bank, N.A.
              and BBVA Compass Bank, as co-syndication agents, and Coöperatieve Centrale Raiffeisen-
              Boerenleenbank B.A., “Rabobank Nederland”, New York Branch, as documentation agent
              (10)
10.11         Form of Confidentiality, Non-Competition, and Non-Solicitation Agreement (11)
10.12         Executive Severance and Change in Control Plan (12)
10.13         Aircraft Purchase Agreement, dated November 3, 2015, by and between Sprouts Farmers
              Markets Holdings, LLC and CJ Leasing Services LLC (12)
 21.1         List of subsidiaries
 23.1         Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, independent registered accounting firm
 31.1         Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
              2002
 31.2         Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
              2002
 32.1         Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted
              pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
 32.2         Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted
              pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002
101.INS       XBRL Instance Document
101.SCH       XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document
101.CAL       XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document
101.DEF       XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document
101.LAB       XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document
101.PRE       XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document

†       Portions of this exhibit (indicated by asterisks) have been omitted pursuant to a confidential
        treatment order granted pursuant to a request submitted separately to the SEC pursuant to
        Rule 406 under the Securities Act.
(1)     Filed as an exhibit to Amendment No. 4 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1
        (File No. 333-188493) filed with the SEC on July 29, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference.
(2)     Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-188493)
        filed with the SEC on May 9, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference.
(3)     Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 5,
        2015, and incorporated herein by reference.
(4)     Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on
        August 7, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference.
(5)     Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 7,
        2015, and incorporated herein by reference.
(6)     Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 10,
        2015, and incorporated herein by reference.
(7)  Filed as an exhibit to Amendment No. 3 to the Registrant’s Registration Statement on Form S-1
     (File No. 333-188493) filed with the SEC on July 22, 2013, and incorporated herein by reference.
(8) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 12,
     2014, and incorporated herein by reference.
(9) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on
     November 6, 2014, and incorporated herein by reference.
(10) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 17,
     2015, and incorporated herein by reference.
(11) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August
     6, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference.
(12) Filed as an exhibit to the Registrant’s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on
     November 5, 2015, and incorporated herein by reference.
[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
[THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK]
EX EC UT IV E TEAM                                 OUR BOARD                                      AN NU AL M EETING
Amin Maredia                                       Doug Sanders, Exec. Chairman of the            May 3, 2016 - 8 am PDT
Chief Executive Officer                            Bo ar d, Former President/CEO,                 Sprouts Farmers Market Store Support Ofﬁce
                                                   Spro ut s Farm er s Ma rk et                   5455 E. High Street, Suite 111
Jim Nielsen                                                                                       Phoenix, AZ 85054
President /Ch ief Op era ting O fficer
                                                   Steven Townsen d, Le ad I nd. Di r.,
                                                   Fo rmer C ha ir m a n and Pres id en t/ CEO,   STOCK LI STIN G
Brad L uk ow                                       Unit ed N at ural F oo ds , I n c.
                                                                                                  NASDAQ Global Select Market: SFM
Chief Financial Officer
                                                   Sh on Boney, Form er C hair man an d
Da niel Bruni                                      Co-Founder, Sprouts Farm er s Ma rket          TR ANSFER A GE NT
Chief Information Officer                          Joseph Fortu nato , Co nsultant                American Sto ck Transfe r & Tr ust Co .
                                                   and Former Cha irman of the Boa rd,            Sha rehold er Services: 800-937-5449
Ted Frumkin
                                                   President/CEO, G NC H oldings, Inc.            amstock.com
Chief Development Officer

Shawn Gensch
                                                   Terri Funk Graham, Cons ultant and             INDEPE NDEN T AU DI TOR
                                                   Former Sr. VP and Ch ief Marketing
Chi ef Mar keting Officer                                                                         PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
                                                   Of ficer, Jac k in the Box, Inc .
Br andon Lombardi                                  Amin M aredia                                  INVESTOR R EL AT IONS
Chief Legal Officer/Corp. S ecretary               Chief Executive Officer,                       investorrelations@sprouts.com
Dan Sanders                                        Spro uts Farm ers Mark et
Execut ive VP of Store Operations                  Lawrence P. Molloy                             SUPPORT OFFICE
                                                   Chie f Fi nanc ial Officer,                    545 5 E. H igh Street, Suite 111
                                                   Unde r Armo ur, In c.                          Pho eni x, AZ 85054 | 48 0-814-8016



                                  Vitamin Angels
