Independent auditor’s report
To the unitholders of:

•   Salt Enhanced Property Fund
•   Salt Long Short Fund
•   Salt NZ Dividend Appreciation Fund
•   Salt Core NZ Shares Fund
•   Salt Select Global Shares Fund
•   Salt Global Listed Property Fund
•   Salt Global Listed Infrastructure Fund
•   Salt Capital Growth Fund
•   Salt Income Fund
(Collectively referred to as the Funds)




Our opinion
In our opinion, the accompanying financial statements of the Funds present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial positions of the Funds as at 31 March 2026, their financial performance, and their cash flows for the year
then ended in accordance with New Zealand Equivalents to International Financial Reporting Standards (NZ IFRS)
and International Financial Reporting Standards Accounting Standards (IFRS Accounting Standards).


What we have audited

The Funds’ financial statements comprise:

•   the statements of financial position as at 31 March 2026;

•   the statements of comprehensive income for the year then ended;

•   the statements of changes in net assets attributable to unitholders for the year then ended;

•   the statements of cash flows for the year then ended; and

•   the notes to the financial statements, comprising material accounting policy information and other explanatory
    information.




                                                         PricewaterhouseCoopers, PwC Tower, 15 Customs Street West,
                                                         Private Bag 92162, Auckland 1142, New Zealand
                                                         T: +64 9 355 8000
pwc.co.nz
Basis for opinion
We conducted our audit in accordance with International Standards on Auditing (New Zealand) (ISAs (NZ)) and
International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the
Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements section of our report.

We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


Independence

We are independent of the Funds in accordance with Professional and Ethical Standard 1 International Code of
Ethics for Assurance Practitioners (including International Independence Standards) (New Zealand) issued by
the New Zealand Auditing and Assurance Standards Board (PES 1) and the International Code of Ethics for
Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics
Standards Board for Accountants (IESBA Code), as applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest
entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with PES 1 and the IESBA Code.

Subject to certain restrictions, partners and employees of our firm may invest in the Funds on normal terms within
the ordinary course of trading activities of the Funds. The firm has no other relationship with, or interests in, Salt
Investment Funds Limited (the Manager) in respect of the Funds.



Key audit matters
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of
the financial statements of the current year. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of the
financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on
these matters.

 Description of the key audit matter                                How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 Valuation and Existence of financial assets and financial          We assessed the processes employed by the Manager for
 liabilities at fair value through profit or loss                   recording and valuing the financial instruments, including the
                                                                    relevant controls operated by a third party service
 Refer to notes 6 and 7 to the financial statements for the         organisation, the Administrator. Our assessment of the
 reported values of financial assets and financial liabilities      processes included obtaining the internal controls reports
 (“financial instruments”) at fair value through profit or loss.    over investment accounting and unit pricing provided by the
                                                                    Administrator.
 This was an area of focus for our audit as it represents the
 majority of the net assets attributable to unitholders of the      We evaluated the evidence provided by the internal controls
 Funds.                                                             reports over the design and operating effectiveness of the
                                                                    relevant controls operated by the Administrator.
 These financial instruments are categorised as Level 1, Level
 2, and Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy.                    For financial instruments where quoted market prices in an
                                                                    active market were available, we compared the market price
 Refer to note 5.3 which describes how fair value is                at the reporting date to independent third party pricing
 determined.                                                        sources.
 For financial assets and financial liabilities quoted in foreign   For financial instruments that are not traded in an active
 currencies, these are translated to New Zealand dollars            market and with inputs that are observable either directly or
 using the exchange rates at the reporting date.                    indirectly, we engaged our PwC valuation experts to evaluate
 Financial instruments are held by the Custodian on behalf of       the fair value using independent data sources and valuation
 the Funds, or the position is recorded by the financial            models.
 institutions.                                                      For investments in unlisted unit trusts managed by the
                                                                    Manager, we agreed the redemption price at the reporting
                                                                    date to the unit price established by the Administrator, who is
                                                                    also the administrator of the unlisted unit trusts. We also
                                                                    considered the nature of investments in the underlying
                                                                    portfolios of the unlisted unit trusts to assess for any impact to
                                                                    the unit price.




26           PwC - Independent auditor’s report
                                                                    For financial instruments where a significant input is not
                                                                    observable we assessed the appropriateness of the
                                                                    Manager’s judgement in determining the fair value at the
                                                                    reporting date.
                                                                    We have assessed the reasonableness of the exchange rates
                                                                    used to translate financial assets and financial liabilities
                                                                    quoted in foreign currencies.
                                                                    We obtained confirmation from the Custodian, or financial
                                                                    institutions where appropriate, of all holdings and positions of
                                                                    the financial instruments as recognised by the Funds as at
                                                                    the reporting date.




Our audit approach

Overview

Materiality                       We determined materiality for each Fund separately. Our materiality for each Fund is
                                  calculated based on approximately 1% of net assets attributable to unitholders for each Fund.

                                  We chose net assets attributable to unitholders as the benchmark because, in our view, the
                                  objective of the Funds is to provide unitholders with a total return on the Funds' net assets,
                                  taking into account both capital and income returns.

Key audit matters                 As reported above, we have one key audit matter, being Valuation and Existence of financial
                                  assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss.

As part of designing our audit, we determined materiality and assessed the risks of material misstatement in the
financial statements. In particular, we considered where management made subjective judgements; for example, in
respect of significant accounting estimates that involved making assumptions and considering future events that are
inherently uncertain. As in all of our audits, we also addressed the risk of management override of internal controls,
including among other matters, consideration of whether there was evidence of bias that represented a risk of
material misstatement due to fraud.


Materiality

The scope of our audit was influenced by our application of materiality. An audit is designed to obtain reasonable
assurance about whether the financial statements are free from material misstatement. Misstatements may arise
due to fraud or error. They are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of the financial statements.

Based on our professional judgement, we determined certain quantitative thresholds for materiality, including the
overall materiality for the financial statements of each Fund as a whole as set out above. These, together with
qualitative considerations, helped us to determine the scope of our audit, the nature, timing and extent of our audit
procedures and to evaluate the effect of misstatements, both individually and in the aggregate, on the financial
statements of each Fund as a whole.


How we tailored our audit scope

We tailored the scope of our audit in order to perform sufficient work to enable us to provide an opinion on the
financial statements of each Fund as a whole, taking into account the structure of each Fund, the Funds’
investments and the accounting and registry processes and controls.




27            PwC - Independent auditor’s report
The Manager is responsible for the governance and control activities of the Funds. The Manager has outsourced
investment accounting (Administrator) and registry services (Registrar) to a third party service provider.



Other information
The Manager is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in
the Annual Report, but does not include the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon, which the
Annual Report will refer to. The Annual Report is expected to be made available to us after the date of this auditor’s
report.

Our opinion on the financial statements does not cover the other information and we will not express any form of
audit opinion or assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in
doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our
knowledge obtained in the audit, or otherwise appears to be materially misstated.

When we read the other information not yet received, if we conclude that there is a material misstatement therein,
we are required to communicate the matter to the Manager and use our professional judgement to determine the
appropriate action to take.



Responsibilities of the Manager for the financial statements
The Manager is responsible for the preparation and fair presentation of the financial statements in accordance with
NZ IFRS and IFRS Accounting Standards and for such internal control as the Manager determines is necessary to
enable the preparation of the financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error.

In preparing the financial statements, the Manager is responsible for assessing each Fund’s ability to continue as a
going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern, and using the going concern basis of
accounting unless the Manager either intends to liquidate a Fund or to cease operations, or has no realistic
alternative but to do so.



Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements, as a whole, are free from
material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion.
Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with
ISAs (NZ) and ISAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud
or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements.

A further description of our responsibilities for the audit of the financial statements is located at the External
Reporting Board’s website at:

https://www.xrb.govt.nz/assurance-standards/auditors-responsibilities/audit-report-2/

This description forms part of our auditor’s report.




28          PwC - Independent auditor’s report
Who we report to
This report is made solely to each Fund’s unitholders, as a body. Our audit work has been undertaken so that we
might state those matters which we are required to state to them in an auditor’s report and for no other purpose. To
the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than each Fund’s
unitholders, as a body, for our audit work, for this report or for the opinions we have formed.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Vatsana (Vasana)
Vanpraseuth.


For and on behalf of:




PricewaterhouseCoopers                                                                                   Auckland
9 July 2026




29         PwC - Independent auditor’s report
