BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited

腦動極光醫療科技有限公司
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


Stock Code: 6681




                                  2025                        A N N U A L
                                                              R E P O R T
CONTENTS

2     Corporate Information

4     Corporate Profile

5     Business and Financial Highlights

9     Management Discussion and Analysis

31    Directors’ Report

56    Directors and Senior Management

62    Corporate Governance Report

83    Independent Auditor’s Report

88    Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

89    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

91    Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity

93    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

96    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

173   Forward-looking Statements

174   Definitions

180   Three-Year Financial Summary
2   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




    CORPORATE INFORMATION



    EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                               NOMINATION COMMITTEE
    Mr. Tan Zheng (譚錚)                                Mr. Tan Zheng (譚錚) (Chairman)
      (Chairman of the Board)                         Ms. Wang Jingbo (王晶菠)
    Dr. Wang Xiaoyi (王曉怡)                               (appointed on April 15, 2026)
      (resigned with effect from June 19, 2025)       Mr. Tu Lei (涂雷)
                                                        (appointed on November 18, 2025)
    NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                           Mr. Lam Yiu Por (林曉波)
    Mr. Li Sirui (李思睿)                                  (appointed on November 18, 2025)
     (resigned with effect from April 15, 2026)       Dr. Duan Tao (段濤)
    Ms. Li Mingqiu (李明秋)                              Mr. Li Yuezhong (李月中)
     (resigned with effect from April 15, 2026)        (ceased with effect from November 18, 2025)
    Mr. Deng Feng                                     Ms. Li Mingqiu (李明秋)
    Mr. Yang Fan (楊帆)                                  (appointed on November 18, 2025 and ceased
     (appointed on April 15, 2026)                     with effect from April 15, 2026)
    Ms. Wang Jingbo (王晶菠)
     (appointed on April 15, 2026)                    JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
                                                      Mr. Wang Junjie (王俊傑)
    INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS               Ms. Sham Ying Man (岑影文)
    Mr. Lam Yiu Por (林曉波)
    Dr. Duan Tao (段濤)                                 AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
    Mr. Tu Lei (涂雷)                                   Mr. Tan Zheng (譚錚)
      (appointed on November 18, 2025)                Ms. Sham Ying Man (岑影文)
    Mr. Li Yuezhong (李月中)
      (resigned with effect from November 18, 2025)   CORPORATE HEADQUARTER AND PRINCIPAL
                                                      PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THE PRC
    AUDIT COMMITTEE                                   Room 1301, 13/F, Building 3, Shaoxing
    Mr. Lam Yiu Por (林曉波) (Chairman)                  Shuimuwan District Science Park
    Dr. Duan Tao (段濤)                                 No. 2 Pingjiang Road
    Mr. Tu Lei (涂雷)                                   Yuecheng District, Shaoxing City
      (appointed on November 18, 2025)                Zhejiang Province
    Mr. Li Yuezhong (李月中)                             PRC
      (ceased with effect from November 18, 2025)
                                                      PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                            KONG
    Mr. Tu Lei (涂雷) (Chairman)                        Room 1910, 19/F, Lee Garden One
     (appointed on November 18, 2025)                 33 Hysan Avenue
    Mr. Li Yuezhong (李月中) (Chairman)                  Causeway Bay
     (ceased with effect from November 18, 2025)      Hong Kong
    Mr. Lam Yiu Por (林曉波)
    Dr. Duan Tao (段濤)
                                                                                    Annual Report 2025   3




                                              CORPORATE INFORMATION



REGISTERED OFFICE                             PRINCIPAL BANKS
#4-210, Governors Sq.                         Agricultural Bank of China Shaoxing
23 Lime Tree Bay Avenue                       Paojiang Branch
PO Box 32311                                  No. 86, Century East Street
Grand Cayman KY1-1209                         Paojiang Development Zone
Cayman Islands                                Shaoxing City
                                              Zhejiang Province
AUDITOR                                       China
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants and Registered   China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. Beijing
Public Interest Entity Auditor                Beiyuan Road Science and Technology
35/F, One Pacific Place                       Finance Branch
88 Queensway                                  Building 4, No. 36, Anhuidongli
Hong Kong                                     Chaoyang District
                                              Beijing
COMPLIANCE ADVISER                            China

SPDB International Capital Limited
                                              STOCK CODE
33/F SPD Bank Tower
One Hennessy                                  6681
1 Hennessy Road
Hong Kong                                     COMPANY’S WEBSITE
                                              66nao.cn
HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
Tricor Investor Services Limited              LISTING DATE
17/F, Far East Finance Centre                 January 8, 2025
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong


PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
ICS Corporate Services (Cayman) Limited
Palm Grove Unit 4
265 Smith Road, George Town
P.O. Box 52A Edgewater Way, #1653
Grand Cayman KY1-9006
Cayman Islands
4   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




    CORPORATE PROFILE



    OVERVIEW
    We are a seasoned player in China’s cognitive impairment digital therapeutics (the “DTx”) market. We are the first
    company in China that has developed a medical-grade DTx product for cognitive impairment, combining brain science
    with advanced artificial intelligence (the “AI”) technologies. Our product pipeline covers both the assessment and
    intervention of a broad range of cognitive impairments induced by vascular diseases, neurodegenerative diseases,
    psychiatric disorders, and child development deficiencies, among others. Our Core Product (as defined in Chapter 18A
    of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”)), the
    Brain Function Information Management Platform Software System is the first cognitive impairment DTx product that
    has obtained regulatory approval in China.


    We are a commercial stage company. As of the date of this report, our Core Product had been included in the provincial
    health insurance reimbursement lists of 30 provinces in China. We are committed to assisting medical institutions across
    the country to establish diagnostic and treatment centers for cognitive impairment, and building long-term business
    relationships with medical institutions to promote the development of cognitive impairment DTx market in China. As of
    the date of this report, we had helped more than 200 hospitals establish cognitive centers in China, including several
    leading hospitals with “National Medical Center” (國家醫學中心) certification for various medical specialties by the
    NHC. We are committed to making achievements in the brain scientific research to DTx products and building a digital
    platform for DTx and comprehensive health management that benefit cognitive impairment patients.


    We have established a broad DTx product pipeline. The Core Product had been commercialized for eight indications from
    four major types of cognitive impairment and is under development for several other cognitive impairment indications
    as of the date of this report. We had three other products with regulatory approvals in China, one other product with
    regulatory approval in the EU and six product candidates under different stages of preclinical and clinical development
    or registration process as of the date of this report. We enjoy rights with respect to our products and product candidates
    in jurisdictions where we receive regulatory approvals.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025   5




                                BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS



BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS
In 2025, we made significant progress in business operations, product pipeline advancement, AI technology innovation,
and the construction of an AI digital health integrated management platform. Specifically, we made progress in the
following areas:


1.    Steady and Rapid Business Development
      (1)   Revenue continued to grow at a high speed
            Our revenue increased by RMB97.74 million from RMB122.31 million for the year ended December 31,
            2024 to RMB220.05 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, representing a year-on-year increase
            of 79.91%.


      (2)    User numbers climbed rapidly
             With the continuous enhancement of product strength and the constant improvement of market
             awareness, BrainAurora’s DTx solutions have been recognized by a broader user group. At the home
             user end, core operational metrics achieved a comprehensive leap: (i) an increase in the number of times
             patients used the System from approximately 1,800,000 times in 2024 to approximately 3,300,000 times
             by the end of 2025; (ii) average monthly active users increased by 99.14% from 2,154.67 in 2024 to
             4,290.75 in 2025; (iii) monthly active users reached 10,229 in December 2025, an increase of 72.52%
             compared to 5,929 in the same period of 2024; (iv) the average daily usage time of users in 2025 was
             23.29 minutes, reflecting strong user stickiness and intervention compliance.


      (3)    The number of commercial partners continued to expand
             The Company also made substantial progress in expanding commercial partners. As of the end of 2025,
             the number of hospitals with which we have formally established cooperative relationships increased
             to 206, an increase of 44.06% compared to 143 in 2024. The number of hospitals that purchased the
             System increased from 186 in 2024 to 273 in 2025, representing an increase of 46.77% as compared
             with that of 2024. The cooperating hospitals are widely distributed, mainly concentrated in regions such
             as the Pearl River Delta, Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei, Sichuan, and Henan, and gradually covering core cities in
             the central and northern regions, laying a solid channel foundation for the large-scale application of the
             product nationwide.


2.    Important progress was made in scientific research and clinical trials for the core product pipeline
      (1)   Clinical trials of Dyslexia Assisted Recovery Training Software advanced smoothly
            Currently, it has entered clinical research, and the enrollment of 43 subjects has been completed. The
            project is advancing smoothly. We plan to complete the registration clinical research by the end of 2026,
            submit the registration application in the first quarter of 2027, expect to obtain the medical device
            registration certificate in the third quarter of 2027, and achieve commercialization by the end of 2027.


      (2)    Cardiovascular disease with cognitive impairment clinical trials basically completed
             The scientific research of cognitive DTx in patients with hypertension, coronary heart disease, and atrial
             fibrillation accompanied by cognitive impairment but without dementia has been fully completed. Relevant
             scientific research literature is being published. We plan to submit registration documents in the second
             quarter of 2026, expect to obtain the medical device registration certificate by the end of 2026, and
             achieve commercialization in the first quarter of 2027.
6   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




    BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS



            (3)     Depression Treatment Software is about to enter the clinical trial stage
                    The Company has completed pre-registration communication with relevant regulatory authorities and is
                    currently optimizing the clinical trial protocol. We plan to initiate the registration clinical research in the
                    second quarter of 2026, expect to complete the registration clinical trial by the end of 2027, submit the
                    registration application in the first quarter of 2028, and expect to obtain the medical device registration
                    and commence commercialization by the end of 2028.


            (4)     The digital-drug combination for children’s Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD)
                    achieved a breakthrough
                    The Company collaborated with Peking University Sixth Hospital to complete the “Development and
                    Application of Electronic Targeted Intervention Technology for Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder
                    Based on Multi-dimensional Cognitive Function Assessment,” which is the first multi-center randomized
                    controlled trial in China to validate the therapeutic effect of digital-drug combination therapy on core
                    symptoms of children with ADHD. The research results were officially published in BMC Medicine. The
                    study randomized 124 children with ADHD into a monotherapy group (atomoxetine) and a combined
                    targeted cognitive DTx and drug therapy group for an 8-week intervention. The results showed that
                    compared with the monotherapy group taking atomoxetine alone, the combination group showed
                    significant improvements in multiple core symptoms: the score improvement rate for the attention deficit
                    dimension increased from 23.3% to 34.6%, the score improvement rate for the hyperactivity-impulsivity
                    dimension increased from 18.0% to 34.6%, and the overall score improvement rate for overall core
                    symptoms increased from 21.5% to 34.3%. This study successfully validated the significant improvement
                    effect of the digital-drug combination on core symptoms of ADHD, filled the blank in evidence-based
                    research of ADHD DTx in China, and marked that the digital-drug combination therapy has officially
                    entered a new stage of synergistic enhancement. This therapy breaks through the limitations of traditional
                    drugs, demonstrating the precise potential of digital therapeutics in neurodevelopmental disorders.


            (5)     The bone trauma and pain cognitive impairment digital therapeutics product completed
                    preclinical research
                    The Company has completed the R&D of the bone trauma and pain digital therapeutics product, and plans
                    to initiate the registration clinical trial in the second quarter of 2026, expects to complete it in the second
                    quarter of 2027, submit the registration application in the third quarter of 2027, and expects to obtain
                    the medical device registration certificate and commence commercialization in the first quarter of 2028.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   7




                              BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS



3.   Continuously promoting the innovation and application of AI in the medical field
     (1)   The paper by the Company titled “Improve Decoding Factuality by Token-wise Cross Layer Entropy of Large
           Language Models” proposes a cross-layer entropy-enhanced decoding method that effectively mitigates
           hallucination issues without requiring additional training of large language model parameters. The paper
           has been accepted by the North American Chapter of the Association for Computational Linguistics
           (NAACL2025). NAACL is one of the top three international conferences in the field of natural language
           processing. Large models have broad application scenarios in the medical field, but issues such as large
           model hallucinations have always been a key obstacle to their application. This research result provides
           a new solution path for dealing with large model hallucination issues.


     (2)   The Company’s self-developed medical large model, BrainAuGPT, was granted a national invention patent
           for proposing a large language model training task combination recommendation method based on GBR
           second-order knowledge representation for the first time. Supported by the large model, the virtual
           human intelligent assessment system was comprehensively upgraded, supporting multiple languages with
           more precise intent understanding, capable of capturing patients’ emotional changes and conducting
           empathetic interactions. The personalized cognitive training intervention system based on the cognitive
           deep reasoning large model represents the cutting-edge direction of digital transformation in the medical
           and health field. By leveraging Monte Carlo Tree Search hybrid inference techniques and dynamic feedback
           control mechanisms, it achieves high-dimensional parameter optimization and personalized matching of
           intervention plans, delivering “precise prescription tailored to each individual” for patients with cognitive
           impairment. Additionally, the BrainAu Onebox M1, an all-in-one smart medical large model device
           developed based on BrainAuGPT, was successfully launched in 2025.


     (3)   The Company’s self-developed temporal cognitive graph covers over 21 million nodes and over 43 million
           relationship types, achieving precise and dynamic profiling of patients’ intervention effects and training
           compliance, providing strong decision-making support for the formulation of personalized and refined
           intervention plans, and effectively solving the cold-start problem of task recommendation. The AI team
           proposed a method based on high-quality meta-path analysis, utilizing the rich knowledge of the temporal
           cognitive graph to construct a positive and negative case library, training the counterfactual reasoning
           ability of the large language model, and further enhancing the pushing effect and interpretability of
           intervention tasks.


     (4)   The Company actively explored and made significant progress in multi-modal multi-Agents practices,
           gradually forming comprehensive AI capabilities covering cognitive impairment disease diagnosis and
           treatment technology research, product design and R&D, and AI Coding, with an overall R&D efficiency
           improvement of over 30%.
8   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




    BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS



    4.      Preliminary exploration of the AI digital health integrated platform
            Relying on its technology accumulation in the field of cognitive impairment digital diagnosis and treatment, the
            Group will deeply empower platform operations through multi-modal large language models:


            (1)     Building a comprehensive health status assessment and tracking system: The Group integrates
                    multi-dimensional data – including cognitive assessment results completed by users through DTx products,
                    daily training data, and physiological indicators collected by wearable devices (such as smartwatches
                    and smart headbands)—to form personalized, full-time health profiles. Through AI intelligent analysis
                    capabilities, the platform can help users interpret health data, monitor health status changes in real time,
                    and issue early risk warnings.


            (2)     Building an integrated platform fusing multi-dimensional health modules: The Group has broken
                    through the limitations of single cognitive function intervention, forming a comprehensive health system
                    that fuses cognitive DTx, digital exercise, and digital health popularization and management modules,
                    initially building a closed loop of health services encompassing “assessment, diagnosis, intervention, and
                    management.” In the future, we will continue to explore the integration of multi-dimensional health
                    modules such as digital sleep, digital metabolism, brain-computer interfaces, functional health products,
                    and drugs, to build a full-dimensional, personalized AI digital health integrated platform for users.



    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

                                                                              For the year ended
                                                                       December 31,             December 31,             Year-on-year
                                                                              2025                     2024                   change
                                                                           RMB’000                  RMB’000                          %


    Revenue                                                                    220,049                 122,311                 79.91%
    Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year                        (316,364)                (198,610)                59.29%
    Adjusted net loss for the year* (non-IFRS measure)                       (239,153)                (161,959)                47.66%


    *       Adjusted net loss for the year is not defined under the International Financial Reporting Standard (the “IFRS”), it represents
            the loss and total comprehensive expense for the year adjusted by adding back fair value loss of financial liabilities at FVTPL
            and share-based payments, both being non-cash in nature.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   9




                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



OVERVIEW
We are a seasoned player in China’s cognitive impairment digital therapeutics (the “DTx”) market. We are the first
company in China that has developed a medical-grade DTx product for cognitive impairment, combining brain science
with advanced artificial intelligence (the “AI”) technologies. Our product pipeline covers both the assessment and
intervention of a broad range of cognitive impairments induced by vascular diseases, neurodegenerative diseases,
psychiatric disorders, and child development deficiencies, among others. Our Core Product (as defined in Chapter 18A
of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”)), the
Brain Function Information Management Platform Software System is the first cognitive impairment DTx product that
has obtained regulatory approval in China.


We are a commercial stage company. As of the date of this report, our Core Product had been included in the provincial
health insurance reimbursement lists of 30 provinces in China. We are committed to assisting medical institutions across
the country to establish diagnostic and treatment centers for cognitive impairment, and building long-term business
relationships with medical institutions to promote the development of cognitive impairment DTx market in China. As of
the date of this report, we had helped more than 200 hospitals establish cognitive centers in China, including several
leading hospitals with “National Medical Center” (國家醫學中心) certification for various medical specialties by the
NHC. We are committed to making achievements in the brain scientific research to DTx products and building a digital
platform for DTx and comprehensive health management that benefit cognitive impairment patients.


We have established a broad DTx product pipeline. The Core Product had been commercialized for eight indications from
four major types of cognitive impairment and is under development for several other cognitive impairment indications
as of the date of this report. We had three other products with regulatory approvals in China, one other product with
regulatory approval in the EU and six product candidates under different stages of preclinical and clinical development
or registration process as of the date of this report. We enjoy rights with respect to our products and product candidates
in jurisdictions where we receive regulatory approvals.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               10


OUR PRODUCTS AND PRODUCT PIPELINE
The following chart summarizes the development status of our products as of the Latest Practicable Date:

                                                                                                                                               Phase
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Estimated and Commercialization
                                                                                       Assessment/                                                                                           Upcoming
    Product           Disease Area                    Indication                                                                                                                                                        Actual Time of  Country/Region
                                                                                       Intervention                                                                                          Milestone
                                                                                                                Preclinical   Clinical Trial           Registration   Commercialization                               Commercialization


                                            Vascular cognitive impairment           Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                             June 2020         China


                                            Aphasia                                 Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                             June 2020         China

                                            Atrial fibrillation induced cognitive                                                                                                         2026 Q2 Registration
                                                                                    Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                             2026 Q4           China
                                            impairment                                                                                                                                    Submission
                       Vascular disease
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited



                      induced cognitive     Hypertension induced cognitive                                                                                                                2026 Q2 Registration
                         impairment                                                 Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                             2026 Q4           China
                                            impairment                                                                                                                                    Submission

                                            Coronary heart disease induced                                                                                                                2026 Q2 Registration
                                                                                    Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                             2026 Q4           China
                                            cognitive impairment                                                                                                                          Submission

                                            Heart failure induced cognitive                                                                                                               2027 Q3 Clinical Trial
                                                                                    Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                               2029            China
                                            impairment                                                                                                                                    Initiation

  Brain Function                            Alzheimer’s disease                     Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                             June 2020         China
   Information
   Management        Neurodegenerative
                                            Amnestic mild cognitive                                                                                                                       2027 Q2 Registration
Platform Software      disease induced                                              Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                               2028            China
                                            impairment                                                                                                                                    Submission
      System        cognitive impairment
                                                                                                                                                                                          2027 Q3
                                            Parkinson’s disease                     Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                               2029            China
                                                                                                                                                                                          Clinical Trial Initiation

                                            Depression                              Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                             June 2020         China


                     Psychiatric disorder   Schizophrenia                           Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                             June 2020         China
                      induced cognitive
                         impairment         Sleep disorders                         Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                             June 2020         China

                                                                                                                                                                                          2027 Q3 Clinical Trial
                                            Anxiety                                 Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                               2029            China
                                                                                                                                                                                          Initiation




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                                        Phase
                                                                      Assessment/                                                                                                             Estimated and Commercialization
                                                                                                                                                                        Upcoming
Product     Disease Area                    Indication                                                                                                                                        Actual Time of  Country/Region
                                                                      Intervention                                                                                      Milestone
                                                                                             Preclinical   Clinical Trial       Registration   Commercialization                            Commercialization


                                 Attention deficit hyperactive
                                                                 Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                      June 2020         China
                                 disorder

                                 Autism                          Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                      June 2020         China

           Child development                                                                                                                                       2027 Q3 Clinical Trial
           deficiency induced    Language delay                  Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                        2029            China
                                                                                                                                                                   Initiation
          cognitive impairment
                                                                                                                                                                   2027 Q3 Clinical Trial
                                 Cerebral palsy                  Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                        2029            China
                                                                                                                                                                   Initiation
                                                                                                                                                                   End of 2026
                                 Dyslexia                               Intervention                                                                               Registration                   2027            China
                                                                                                                                                                   Submission
                                                                                                                                                                   2027 Q3
                                 Epilepsy                        Assessment + Intervention                                                                         Clinical Trial                 2029            China
                                                                                                                                                                   Initiation
                                                                                                                                                                   2027 Q2
                                 Bone fracture induced pain      Assessment + Intervention                                                                         Clinical Trial                 2029            China
                                                                                                                                                                   Completion
                                                                                                                                                                   2027 Q3
                                 Diabetes                        Assessment + Intervention                                                                         Clinical Trial                 2029            China
                                                                                                                                                                   Initiation
                                                                                                                                                                   2027 Q4
             Other disorders     Hepatic encephalopathy          Assessment + Intervention                                                                         Clinical Trial                 2029            China
                                                                                                                                                                   Initiation
                                                                                                                                                                   2027 Q4
                                 Post-breast cancer surgery
                                                                 Assessment + Intervention                                                                         Clinical Trial                 2029            China
                                 rehabilitation
                                                                                                                                                                   Initiation
                                                                                                                                                                   2027 Q4
                                 Post-lung cancer surgery
                                                                 Assessment + Intervention                                                                         Clinical Trial                 2029            China
                                 rehabilitation
                                                                                                                                                                   Initiation
                                                                                                                                                                   2027 Q4
                                 Drug addiction                  Assessment + Intervention                                                                         Clinical Trial                 2029            China
                                                                                                                                                                   Initiation




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     11
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  12


                                                                                                                                                          Phase
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Estimated and Commercialization
                                                                                         Assessment/                                                                                                   Upcoming
     Product             Disease Area                    Indication                                                                                                                                                        Actual Time of  Country/Region
                                                                                         Intervention                                                                                                  Milestone
                                                                                                                  Preclinical            Clinical Trial           Registration   Commercialization                       Commercialization


   Basic Cognitive
       Ability                                                                                                                                                                                       2025 H2 Full
                                              Cognitive impairment                         Assessment                                                                                                                          2025            China
       Testing                                                                                                                                                                                       Commercialization
      Software
  Cognitive Ability
    Supplemental
                                                                                                                                                                                                     2025 H2 Full
   Screening and                              Cognitive impairment                         Assessment                                                                                                                          2025            China
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Commercialization
     Assessment
      Software
      Dyslexia
   Supplemental        Child development
                                                                                                                                                                                                     2025 H2 Full
   Screening and       deficiency induced     Dyslexia                                     Assessment                                                                                                                          2025            China
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Commercialization
    Assessment        cognitive impairment
     Software
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited



  Attention Deficit
    Hyperactivity    Child development                                                                                                                                                               2027 Q2
                                              Attention deficit hyperactivity
      Disorder       deficiency induced                                             Assessment + Intervention                                                                                        Clinical Trial            2029            China
                                              disorder
  Assessment and    cognitive impairment                                                                                                                                                             Initiation
Treatment Software
   Quantitative
    Cognitive                                                                                                                                                                                        2026 Q2
   Assessment         Psychiatric disorders   Depression                                   Assessment                                                                                                Registration              2026            China
   Software for                                                                                                                                                                                      Submission
   Depression

    Depression                                                                                                                                                                                       2026 Q2
    Treatment         Psychiatric disorders   Depression                                   Intervention                                                                                              Clinical Trial            2029            China
     Software                                                                                                                                                                                        Initiation

                                                                                                                                                                                                     2027 H2
     Cognitive                                                                                                                                                                                       Registration              2028             EU
    Impairment                                                                                                                                                                                       Submission
                                              Cognitive impairment                         Assessment
    Assessment                                                                                                                                                                                       2027 H2
     Software                                                                                                                                                                                        Registration              2028             US
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Submission
                                                                                                                                                                                                     2025
     Cognitive                                                                                                                                                                                       Commencement of           2025             EU
    Impairment                                                                                                                                                                                       Commercialization
                                              Cognitive impairment                         Intervention                                                                                              2027 H2
     Treatment
     Software                                                                                                                                                                                        Registration              2029             US
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Submission


               Core                Commercialized                      Product exempt from clinical             Regulatory approvals obtained through
               Product             Product/Indication                  trials under current relevant            submission of clinical evaluation materials
                                                                       regulations                              on the System conducted by third parties                                                                                                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   13




                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Our Core Product – Brain Function Information Management Platform Software System
Our Core Product, the System, is an evidence-based, medical-grade DTx product, and the first cognitive impairment
DTx product in China to receive regulatory approval. In September 2018, we obtained the initial Class II medical device
registration certificate from the Hunan Medical Products Administration (the “Hunan MPA”) for the System. In June
2020, we obtained an amended certificate (the “2020 Amended Certificate”) from the Hunan MPA to include the
screening, assessment, recovery and data analysis of eight specific indications. In May 2023, we renewed the 2020
Amended Certificate with the Hunan MPA (the “2023 Renewed Certificate”), which contains the same indication
coverage as the 2020 Amended Certificate.


The System is software that combines clinical experience in brain science with deep neutral networks (“DNN”)
algorithms, a powerful category of machine learning algorithms, to assess a patient’s cognitive impairment and provide
personalized DTx treatment options. The System enables clinical assessment and interventions for various types of
cognitive impairment induced by vascular diseases, neurodegenerative diseases, psychological disorders and child
development deficiencies, among other types of cognitive impairments. The System incorporates our two underlying
technologies, namely virtual human and AI technologies. In particular, our DNN algorithms are trained with a large
amount of information on patient demographics, clinical assessment, diagnosis and information collected during patients’
participation in training tasks at diverse difficulty levels. Our DNN algorithms undergo constant iteration and training
to dynamically adjust the content of the training tasks. The DNN algorithms can identify the most suitable training out
of millions of different possible combinations, building on over 300 training modules that are designed to activate the
appropriate brain regions for the best therapeutic effect.


Patients that use the System typically suffer from cognitive impairment, which is what the System addresses. Such
cognitive impairments may be induced by many classes of diseases, such as vascular diseases, neurodegenerative
diseases, psychiatric disorders and child development deficiencies. In addition, the clinical trials that have been
undertaken on the System demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the System in improving patients’ cognitive functions
(such as speed, attention, perception, long-term memory, working memory, calculation, executive control, reasoning and
problem solving), not the inducing diseases themselves. Therefore, despite the variety in the diseases that could induce
cognitive impairment, the eight existing indications as well as the potential new indications are considered indication
expansion of the System and can be added to the same medical device registration certificate.

WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ULTIMATELY DEVELOP AND MARKET THE SYSTEM WITH NEW INDICATIONS
SUCCESSFULLY.

Our Other Key Products and Product Candidates
As of the date of this report, four of our products besides the System had obtained regulatory approvals in China or
abroad, including, among others, BCAT, SAS and DSS (terms defined below).


Basic Cognitive Testing Software (the “BCAT”)
BCAT is designed to facilitate healthcare professionals’ assessment of patients’ basic cognitive capacity by enabling
patients to self-administer tests of their cognitive capacities relating to processing speed, working memory, episodic
memory, visual-spatial ability and verbal comprehension. We obtained a Class II medical device registration certificate
from the Hunan MPA for the BCAT in October 2022. After obtaining regulatory approval in 2022, we have been and are
undergoing further research and preparing additional scientific literature with regards to BCAT, which we believe would
be conducive to improving its market recognition and acceptance by the medical community. We have commenced the
commercialization of BCAT in 2025.
14   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     Cognitive Ability Supplemental Screening and Assessment Software (the “SAS”)
     SAS is designed to facilitate healthcare professionals’ assessment of patients’ cognitive capacity by enabling patients to
     self-administer Mini-Mental State Examination and Montreal Cognitive Assessment tests. We obtained a Class II medical
     device registration certificate from the Hunan MPA for the SAS in December 2022 after submitting relevant clinical
     evaluation materials. After obtaining regulatory approval in 2022, we have been and are undergoing further research
     and preparing additional scientific literature with regards to SAS, which we believe would be conducive to improving
     its market recognition and acceptance by the medical community. We have commenced the commercialization of SAS
     in 2025.


     Dyslexia Supplemental Screening and Assessment Software (the “DSS”)
     DSS is designed to facilitate the assessment of risk of developmental dyslexia in children. We received a Class II medical
     device registration certificate for DSS in September 2023 from the Hunan MPA. In support of our application for the
     above Class II medical device registration certificate, we submitted a clinical comparison with the System. DSS was
     commercialized in 2025.


     Dyslexia Adjunctive Recovery Training Software
     We are currently conducting a clinical trial for our Dyslexia Adjunctive Recovery Training Software product. The main
     components of the Dyslexia Adjunctive Recovery Training Software are: 1. perceptual training module; 2. language-
     based training module. The training task system covers cognitive domains such as perception, reading, attention, and
     language, aiming to improve reading accuracy and fluency through targeted exercises.


     Quantitative Cognitive Assessment Software for Depression
     The Quantitative Cognitive Assessment Software for Depression is the first medical device product in China designed to
     assess the cognitive abilities of patients with depression. We plan to complete the clinical trial study in the third quarter
     of 2025 and conduct data statistics and analysis. We will formally submit the registration application to the Beijing
     Municipal Medical Products Administration in the fourth quarter of 2025 and anticipate commercialization in 2026.


     Depression Treatment Software
     We are currently under preclinical development of the depression treatment software, called “Mind Island Aurora”,
     which is a computerized system utilizing a combination of game-playing and Computerized Cognitive Behavioral Therapy
     to alleviate symptoms associated with depression. We expect to initiate clinical trial in the first quarter of 2026.


     Cognitive Impairment Assessment Software and Cognitive Impairment Treatment Software
     In order to expand our international footprint and build global influence, we are developing the following products
     for the U.S. and the EU: Cognitive Impairment Assessment Software and Cognitive Impairment Treatment Software.
     On July 22, 2022, we obtained the CE mark in the EU for our Cognitive Impairment Treatment Software, which is
     exempted from clinical trial requirements under EU’s Medical Device Regulation and allows for its commercialization in
     the EU that is expected to commence in 2026. We are also developing our Cognitive Impairment Treatment Software
     and Cognitive Impairment Assessment Software in the U.S. in preparation for regulatory filings under Section 510(k).


     Bone trauma and pain cognitive impairment digital therapeutics product
     The Company has completed the R&D of the bone trauma and pain digital therapeutics product, and plans to initiate
     the registration clinical research in the second quarter of 2026, and expects to complete the registration clinical research
     in the second quarter of 2027. We plan to submit the registration application in the third quarter of 2027, and expect
     to obtain the medical device registration certificate and commence commercialization in the first quarter of 2028.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   15




                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ULTIMATELY DEVELOP AND MARKET OUR OTHER KEY PRODUCTS AND PRODUCT
CANDIDATES SUCCESSFULLY.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT CAPABILITY
We believe that our continued research and development (“R&D”) is the key driver of our business growth and
competitiveness.


R&D Team
We have a strong multi-disciplinary in-house R&D team of 128 professionals with 26 holding a master’s degree and two
holding PhDs as of the date of this annual report. Our R&D team is led by Mr. Cai Longjun (“Mr. Cai”), who is our chief
executive officer, chief technology officer and chief operating officer. Our key R&D staff have on average over six years
of relevant experience in the DTx industry. Our R&D team frequently participates in academic and industry conferences
and engages with industry and clinical experts to bring us up-to-date insights and innovations from a global perspective.
Our R&D team is divided into the following three groups: (i) Brain Research Institute, (ii) Product Innovation Center,
and (iii) Technology Research Center. Externally, we have established long-term relationships with key opinion leaders,
including well-known medical professional and clinical experts in China. Leveraging their insights and recommendations,
we are able to focus our R&D process on unmet clinical needs and explore frontier and breakthrough technologies.
16   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     Product Design and Preclinical Development
     We have established and strictly followed an internal protocol that governs the design and development of our products.
     Our internal protocol was formulated based on applicable National Medical Products Administration of China (國家藥品
     監督管理局) regulations and ISO 13485. To start with a product development project, we conduct market research to
     analyze market prospects and patient’s need and formulate a development proposal that describes the target medical
     need, potential risks and specific product functions. After obtaining approvals from our management on the project,
     we will then formulate a detailed development plan, which includes the product functionalities and applications, labor
     and budget planning and begin the development process.


     Clinical Development
     Our clinical affairs department has significant experience in conducting clinical trials for our products. As of the date
     of this annual report, we had organized a dedicated regulatory and clinical affairs department consisting of seven
     members, with extensive experience in medical device industry. We also set up a separate regulatory affairs team
     in charge of regulatory communications. Our regulatory affairs team is mainly responsible for sorting and reviewing
     registration materials of our products, as well as submitting such materials to the relevant government agencies. We
     conduct clinical trials of new indications and products in order to obtain the requisite regulatory approvals and collect
     access-controlled data that can improve the design and features of our products. The goal of a clinical trial is to measure
     the clinical safety and efficacy of a device.


     Primary parameters for clinical trials are selected based on the intended use of the medical device.


     FUTURE DEVELOPMENT AND OUTLOOK
     Digital therapeutics (DTx) refer to software-driven medical solutions that assess patient conditions by collecting various
     types of patient data (such as pictures, texts, voices and video feeds) in order to deliver therapeutic interventions
     that prevent, treat, and manage various types of diseases. DTx digitize medical principles and standardized treatment
     plans into software-driven interventional measures that improve patients’ access to and compliance with treatments.
     Cognitive impairment DTx, as its subset, focuses on deficits in neurocognitive domains caused by vascular diseases,
     neurodegenerative diseases, psychiatric disorders, and child development deficiency. Specific types include vascular
     disease induced cognitive impairment (VDCI), neurodegenerative disease induced cognitive impairment (NCI), psychiatric
     disorder-related cognitive impairment (PCI), and child development disorders such as Attention Deficit Hyperactivity
     Disorder (ADHD) and autism. Each category of diseases presents unique treatment challenges, and traditional drug
     therapies often may not be effective or lack targeted options, therefore there is a growing need for effective, evidence-
     based solutions. Cognitive impairment DTx leverages cutting-edge technology to provide patients with personalized
     assessment and intervention tools to improve their cognitive functions and quality of life. As the number of people
     affected by cognitive impairments continues to increase, the market is experiencing significant growth and is expected
     to continue to grow.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025   17




                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Industry Development: Market demand coupled with policy and technology drivers propels the continuous
development of domestic and overseas markets
The burden of cognitive impairment related diseases in China continues to increase, and national policies
highly support prevention and treatment
China has a massive number of cognitive impairment patients. Among adults, there are currently approximately 38.77
million patients with mild cognitive impairment and approximately 15.07 million patients with dementia in the population
aged 60 and above; there are approximately 23 million children with ADHD. The cognitive impairments induced by
these diseases have caused a heavy economic burden on patients, families, and society.


The prevention and treatment of cognitive impairment and related psychiatric and psychological disorders have risen to
the national strategic level. The National Action Plan for the Prevention and Treatment of Dementia explicitly proposes
the establishment of a comprehensive and continuous prevention and control system of “prevention, screening, diagnosis
and treatment, recovery, and care”; the Healthy Children Action Enhancement Plan (2021-2025) also emphasizes
strengthening the monitoring and assessment of children’s psychological and behavioral development.


Traditional cognitive impairment medical services generally face bottlenecks such as uneven distribution of professional
resources, low patient accessibility, and high difficulty in long-term management, which restrict the efficiency and
quality of prevention and treatment. Cognitive impairment DTx, with evidence-based medicine as its core and relying
on information technologies such as cloud computing, big data, and artificial intelligence, can break through time
and space limitations, precisely match patient needs, and achieve personalized interventions. With its high accessibility
advantage, it is becoming an important breakthrough and core path for solving the prevention and control challenges of
cognitive impairment diseases. The DTx products represented by BrainAurora’s Core Product have been included in the
provincial health insurance reimbursement lists of 30 provinces, marking the wide recognition of its clinical value and
fully reflecting the state’s high level of attention to psychiatric disorders such as cognitive impairment at the policy level.


The accelerated iteration of AI-driven technologies and products brings new opportunities for disease
treatment
The cognitive impairment intervention field is currently undergoing profound technological transformations. The industry
has gradually shifted from traditional single functional training to a stage of etiology diagnosis and risk prediction
integrating multi-modal data. By integrating multi-dimensional data such as medical imaging and physiological indicators,
the intervention mode aligns more closely with the essence of the disease, achieving an upgrade from symptom relief
to source prevention and control.


Large AI models have become a core driving force, deeply applied in aspects such as the generation of personalized
intervention plans, virtual human intelligent assessments, precise prediction of therapeutic efficacy, and continuous
iteration of intervention plans, propelling the industry from experience-led to data-driven precise diagnosis and
treatment.
18   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     At the same time, the establishment of industry standards has become the core commanding height of competition.
     Building a unified assessment technology system, standardized clinical validation pathways, and standardized application
     norms are inevitable requirements for the high-quality development of the industry. In the future, enterprises that
     can deeply participate in the formulation of industry standards will occupy a significant advantage in market access,
     technological competition, and industry discourse.


     Leveraging local advantages to empower the globe, the overseas expansion of DTx is a general trend
     Many countries around the globe are jointly facing the common challenges of deepening population aging and the
     continuously rising burden of cognitive impairment diseases. Data shows that the proportion of the population aged
     65 and above in Singapore has exceeded 30%, and the population aged 60 and above in Malaysia has reached 3.8
     million. The prevention and control of cognitive impairment has become a key topic in the public health sector of many
     countries. Singapore has successively launched strategic initiatives such as “Healthier SG” and “Dementia-Friendly
     Singapore,” striving to build a health management system of early screening and full-cycle care; although Malaysia faces
     a dilemma of relatively scarce medical resources, it continues to improve mental health-related policies and increase
     investments in disease prevention and treatment.


     China’s cognitive impairment DTx, which have matured in advance, possess core competitiveness for global export by
     virtue of multiple advantages in technology, products, models, and standards. Based on the massive domestic market
     and policy dividends, expanding mature technological solutions, service systems, and practical experiences overseas will
     not only help alleviate the global shortage of cognitive impairment medical resources, but is also an important choice
     for the industry to break through domestic market boundaries and achieve global development.


     BrainAurora’s Recognition and Outlook on Industry Development Trends
     “Medical-grade” is the core direction of DTx products, evidence-based medicine is the cornerstone, and
     standards are the barriers
     Building DTx into medical-grade products with clinical value is the core direction of industry development. To achieve
     medical-grade certification, it is necessary to follow a rigorous evidence-based medicine system: generating high-level
     academic papers through standardized and scientific clinical trials, and forming authoritative and credible evidence-based
     medical evidence. On this basis, promoting the formation of expert consensus and clinical guidelines with high-quality
     clinical evidence, and thereby formulating industry standards to push for the inclusion of products into standardized
     diagnosis and treatment systems, is the key path for DTx to gain clinical and market recognition. BrainAurora cooperates
     with top institutions such as Peking University Sixth Hospital to conduct randomized controlled trials (such as the ADHD
     digital-drug combination therapy), supporting product value with authentic and reproducible clinical data; meanwhile,
     participating in the formulation of multiple consensuses and standards not only consolidates its technological leadership
     but also lays the foundation for the development of the DTx industry.


     Platformization is the ultimate form, and data and AI constitute a flywheel
     Cognitive impairment is a typical chronic disease. Its intervention and recovery require continuous, long-term, and
     personalized full-course management. Single-function products are difficult to meet the long-term needs of clinical
     practice and patients; platformization is the ultimate form of industry development.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   19




                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



The core barrier of an enterprise lies in building and connecting the four-in-one “Medical-Patient-Data-AI” closed-loop
ecological platform. The real-world intervention data of patients are continuously accumulated and fed back, which
retrofeeds the iterative upgrading of AI algorithms and models; more precise AI models further enhance intervention
effects and clinical value; excellent therapeutic efficacy and empirical evidence attract more medical institutions and
clinical experts to carry out in-depth cooperation; broader clinical applications and superior service experiences drive
more patients to access and continuously use the platform, forming a positive growth flywheel that builds long-term
sustainable core competitiveness for the Company.


The overseas expansion of DTx conforms to industry trends and becomes an important direction for expanding
business models
Facing the continuously growing global demand for cognitive health, actively promoting the overseas layout of DTx
not only complies with industry development trends, but is also an important direction for the Company to expand its
business models and broaden its development space. Relying on its core advantages in clinical evidence, technological
R&D, and product commercialization, and leveraging China’s international influence in the digital health sector, the
Company focuses on exploring markets and carrying out business layouts in neighboring countries such as those in
Southeast Asia, steadily promoting the outward export of mature medical-grade DTx products and service systems. By
pragmatically advancing international practices, the Company further unlocks the value of its technologies and products,
assisting the Company in building a more resilient and sustainable global development layout.


BrainAurora’s Future Strategic Layout: Leading industry development through technological innovation,
deepening domestic market cultivation, and exploring global development
Domestic Market: Building an “Industry-Academic-Research-Medical” closed-loop ecosystem to seize the
commanding heights of standards and data
1.    Vertically deepening cultivation in scientific research commanding heights
      Participating in major national specific projects: Through cooperation with “national teams” such as Xuanwu
      Hospital, focusing on cognitive impairment with specific etiologies such as intracranial atherosclerotic stenosis
      (ICAS), we are developing digital diagnosis and treatment technologies based on deep reasoning large models
      to initiate etiology diagnosis from the source.


       Co-building key laboratories: Jointly applying for and gaining approval for a Beijing Key Laboratory with top
       medical institutions such as Xuanwu Hospital and Peking University Sixth Hospital, deeply integrating the
       enterprise’s R&D capabilities into the national scientific research system to ensure continuous technological
       leadership.
20   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     2.      Horizontally expanding product application scenarios
             Continuously deepening layouts in the psychiatric specialty field, the Company has established in-depth
             cooperation with core domestic psychiatric specialty institutions such as Peking University Sixth Hospital, Beijing
             Anding Hospital, and Shandong Mental Health Center, building a three-in-one cooperation network of top-level
             scientific R&D, clinical validation implementation, and regional large-scale promotion, comprehensively covering
             key psychiatric and psychological disease fields such as Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and
             depression, continuously solidifying clinical and scientific research advantages.


             In terms of the public health service system, we actively promote product coverage and scenario extension. The
             Company collaborates with Beijing Jianguo Medical, a designated project execution unit of the Guokang Center
             of the Ministry of Civil Affairs, to promote the implementation of products in mental health welfare institutions
             and grassroots community scenarios. Relying on three core drivers: national standard research, multi-center
             clinical pilots, and long-term cohort data construction, we assist products in gradually integrating into the public
             health and social welfare systems.


     Overseas Market: Implementing the pragmatic implementation strategy of “Model First, Radiating Regions”
     The Company implements an overseas expansion strategy tailored to local conditions in overseas markets. In regions
     such as Singapore, Malaysia, Macau, and Hong Kong, we integrate product, channel, brand, and technological resources
     to jointly promote product implementation, explore the sample model, and reserve momentum for long-term growth.


     Underlying Technology: Building the “AI Brain” and “Data Flywheel”
     Continuously investing in the R&D of large AI models (such as BrainAuGPT), we achieve automated assessments through
     virtual humans, and utilize AI technology to realize the dynamic recommendation of training plans tailored to each
     individual. We explore “multi-modal AI cognitive agents” to achieve the leap from assisted assessment to proactive
     interventional decision-making, integrating EEG, voice, imaging, genomics, and wearable device data to build a full-cycle
     cognitive health management system covering “assessment – intervention – recovery”.


     The Company will take real-world data obtained from domestic multi-center pilots as its core asset, utilize knowledge
     enhancement technology to solve the pain points of real-world data being “unstructured and multi-source
     heterogeneous,” conduct unified integration and build a standardized cognitive data knowledge base, continuously
     iterate algorithms, optimize products, and generate high-level evidence-based evidence, constructing a dual access
     barrier of “standards + data”.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025   21




                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



FINANCIAL REVIEW
Financial Highlights
Overview
The following discussion is based on, and should be read in conjunction with, the financial information and notes
included elsewhere in this report.


Revenue
Our revenue increased by RMB97.74 million from RMB122.31 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 to
RMB220.05 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, representing a year-on-year increase of 79.91%.


We generate revenue from (i) provision of the System integral software solutions in hospitals; (ii) provision of the
System integral software solutions out of hospitals to individual patients; (iii) provision of research projects services to
research institutions; (iv) sales of medical AI large language model solutions; and (v) others, such as sales of hardware
embedded with the System and the related user accounts. The increase in our revenue was primarily due to (i) an
increase in the number of hospitals that have formally established cooperative relationships to 206 by the end of 2025.
The cooperating hospitals are widely distributed, mainly concentrated in the Pearl River Delta, Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei,
Sichuan, Henan and other regions, and gradually covering the core cities in the central and northern regions, which
has laid a solid channel foundation for the large-scale application of products nationwide; (ii) on the home-based
user end, core operating metrics achieved an overall jump: (1) an increase in the number of times patients used the
System from approximately 1,800,000 times in 2024 to approximately 3,300,000 times by the end of 2025; (2) average
monthly active users increased from 2,154.67 in 2024 to 4,290.75 in 2025, representing an increase of 99.14%; (3)
monthly active users reached 10,229 in December 2025, representing an increase of 72.52% compared to 5,929 in the
corresponding period of 2024; (4) average daily usage time per user was 23.29 minutes in 2025, reflecting strong user
stickiness and intervention compliance; and (iii) an additional revenue of RMB49.78 million from the sales of medical
AI large language model solutions.


Cost of Sales
Our cost of sales increased from RMB68.30 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 to RMB130.60 million for
the year ended December 31, 2025, representing an increase of 91.21%. The increase in our cost of sales was primarily
due to (i) an RMB32.21 million increase in operational costs, incurred by third-party service providers that provide
operational support in cognitive centers on our behalf; and (ii) an increase in the number of cognitive centers from
which we incurred construction costs from 107 in 2024 to 160 in 2025, which led to an increase in construction and
depreciation costs; and (iii) an addition of RMB47.35 million in hardware equipment procurement costs for the sales
business of medical AI large language model solutions.


Gross Profit
Our gross profit increased from RMB54.01 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 to RMB89.45 million for the
year ended December 31, 2025, representing an increase of 65.62%. The increase in our gross profit was primarily
due to the significant increase in sales volume of the System and the increase in the number of hospitals and patients
that used our System.
22   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     Other Income
     Our other income primarily consists of (i) interest income on bank balances, term deposits and restricted bank deposit;
     (ii) interest income from rental deposits; (iii) interest income from loans receivable; and (iv) government grants related
     to R&D activities.


     Our other income increased from RMB1.71 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 to RMB15.94 million for the
     year ended December 31, 2025, representing an increase of 831.99%. The increase in our other income was mainly
     attributable to the receipt of IPO proceeds in 2025, which resulted in an increase in average balance as compared
     to 2024, leading to an increase in interest income on bank balances, term deposits and restricted bank deposits of
     RMB12.15 million.


     Other Expenses and Other Gains and Losses, Net
     Our other expenses and other gains and losses, net primarily relates to fair value gains on financial assets at FVTPL. Our
     other expenses and other gains and losses, net changed from a gain of RMB3.33 million for the year ended December
     31, 2024 to a loss of RMB14.59 million for the year ended December 31, 2025. The decrease in our other expenses
     and other gains and losses, net was primarily attributable to a loss of RMB3.26 million on early repayment of long-
     term bonds in 2025, an increase in net foreign exchange loss of RMB8.51 million, and a loss of RMB2.50 million on
     prepayment upon to a service vendor upon cancellation of a conference.


     Fair Value Changes of Financial Liabilities at FVTPL
     Our fair value changes of financial liabilities at FVTPL primarily relates to fair value changes of our redeemable preference
     shares. Our fair value changes of financial liabilities at FVTPL changed from gain of RMB30.12 million for the year ended
     December 31, 2024 to gain of RMB nil million for the year ended December 31, 2025, representing a 100% decrease.
     The decrease in our gain on fair value changes of financial liabilities at FVTPL was primarily attributable to the automatic
     conversion of redeemable preference shares into ordinary shares upon listing, which no longer involved such changes.


     Selling and Distribution Expenses
     Our selling and distribution expenses primarily consist of (i) market development and service expenses; (ii) employee
     benefits expenses; (iii) depreciation and amortization expenses; (iv) share-based payments; and (v) others.


     Our selling and distribution expenses increased from RMB48.02 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 to
     RMB74.88 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, representing an increase of 55.95%. The increase in our
     selling and distribution expenses was primarily attributable to an increase in market development and service expenses
     driven by the increasing efforts to explore business cooperation opportunities in order to reach more hospitals and
     other customers and to enhance industry recognition and awareness of our products.


     From the perspective of expenses ratio, the proportion of our selling and distribution expenses to revenue decreased
     from 39.26% in 2024 to 34.03% in 2025.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025   23




                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Administrative Expenses
Our administrative expenses primarily consist of (i) employee benefit expenses for our administrative staff; (ii) professional
service expenses; (iii) utilities and office expenses; (iv) depreciation and amortization expenses; (v) share-based payments;
and (vi) others.


Our administrative expenses increased from RMB59.93 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 to RMB100.70
million for the year ended December 31, 2025, representing an increase of 68.03%. The increase in our administrative
expenses was primarily attributable to the facts that (i) employee benefit expenses increased from RMB12.82 million in
2024 to RMB25.29 million in 2025, representing an increase of RMB12.47 million or 97%, mainly due to the increase
in remuneration for setting up overseas offices in 2025; (ii) professional service expenses increased from RMB3.40
million in 2024 to RMB15.57 million in 2025, representing an increase of RMB12.17 million or 358%, mainly due to
the increase in related service fees as the Company was listed in Hong Kong in January 2025; (iii) utilities and office
expenses increased from RMB6.17 million in 2024 to RMB9.28 million in 2025, representing an increase of RMB3.11
million or 50%, mainly due to the increase in property management fees and renovation fees resulting from the newly
added lease of Chengdu office and overseas offices in the current period; (iv) depreciation and amortization expenses
increased from RMB8.96 million in 2024 to RMB9.52 million in 2025, representing an increase of RMB0.56 million
or 6%, showing a relatively small fluctuation; (v) an administrative expense of RMB31.72 million recognized in 2025
since an entity awarded 85,166 awarded shares to 46 grantees on July 31, 2023, representing an increase of RMB4.45
million as compared with the RMB27.27 million in 2024; and (vi) other expenses increased by RMB8.02 million, which
was primarily generated from the increase in business expansion.


R&D Expenses
Our R&D expenses primarily consist of (i) staff remuneration; (ii) share-based payments; (iii) other miscellaneous purchases
and reimbursements; (iv) technical service fee engaging external organization for development; and (v) service fee and
cloud service fee.


Our R&D expenses increased from RMB119.42 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 to RMB165.90 million
for the year ended December 31, 2025, representing an increase of 38.92%. The increase in our R&D expenses was
primarily due to the facts that (i) higher staff remuneration led to an increase of RMB6.62 million in R&D expenses,
representing an increase of 12%; (ii) share-based payments increased by RMB3.98 million during the reporting period
mainly attributable to the continuing amortisation of the share-based payments granted in July 2023; (iii) other piecemeal
procurement and reimbursement increased by RMB1.33 million as compared with last year, representing an increase
of 18.04%. The increase was mainly generated from service fees for scientific research projects; (iv) outsourced R&D
expenses increased by RMB15.98 million, mainly representing external commissioned projects for art and development
of some cognitive impairment treatment training tasks; and (v) service fee and cloud service fee increased by RMB19.69
million as compared with last year, representing an increase of 227%. Among them, the cloud service fee included
service fee for Alibaba Cloud, Tencent Cloud and Huawei Cloud, and other service fees were mainly the newly added
R&D collaboration expenses of RMB14.15 million with public hospitals and other medical institutions, with the rest
being operating system development services, software maintenance service fees, etc.
24   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     Finance Costs
     Our finance costs primarily consist of (i) interest expense on long-term bond; and (ii) interest on lease liabilities.


     Our finance costs increased from RMB22.03 million for the year ended December 31, 2024 to RMB23.99 million for
     the year ended December 31, 2025, representing an increase of 8.90%. The increase in our finance costs was primarily
     due to an increase in interest on bank borrowings.


     Loss for the Year
     As a result of the above, we recorded a loss of RMB316.36 million for the year ended December 31, 2025, as compared
     to a loss of RMB198.61 million for the year ended December 31, 2024.


     Capital Management
     The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going
     concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximize value to our shareholders
     (the “Shareholders”).


     The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic conditions and the
     risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may return capital
     to the Shareholders or issue new shares. The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements. No
     changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the year ended December 31,
     2025.

     Liquidity and Capital Resources
     The Group primarily relied on net proceeds from global offering, long-term bonds, and bank borrowings as major
     sources of liquidity. The Group has always adopted a prudent treasury management policy. The Group places strong
     emphasis on having funds readily available and accessible and is in a stable liquidity position with sufficient funds in
     standby banking facilities to cope with daily operations and meet its future development demands for capital.
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025   25




                           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



As of December 31, 2025, the current assets of the Group were RMB661.46 million, of which restricted bank deposits
and bank balances and cash amounted to RMB531.55 million, which were primarily held in RMB, and other current
assets amounted to RMB129.91 million. The Group’s restricted bank deposits and bank balances and cash increased
by RMB118.17 million to RMB531.55 million as of December 31, 2025 from RMB413.38 million as at December 31,
2024. The increase was mainly due to due to the net proceeds received from the Listing and new bank borrowings.


As of December 31, 2025, the current liabilities of the Group were RMB423.94 million, including trade payables of
RMB51.37 million, contract liabilities of RMB17.82 million, bank and other borrowings of RMB346.09 million and lease
liabilities of RMB7.62 million.


Borrowings
As of December 31, 2025, the Group had outstanding borrowings of approximately RMB346.09 million (December 31,
2024: RMB21.26 million) which were denominated in RMB and USD and bearing interest at fixed interest rates ranging
from nil to 3.40% per annum.


Charges on Group Assets
As of December 31, 2025, there were no charges on assets of the Company (2024: nil).


Key Financial Ratios
The following table sets forth the key financial ratios of our Group for the dates indicated:


                                                                                                         For the year ended
                                                                                                           December 31/
                                                                                                         As at December 31,
                                                                                                            2025                 2024


Gross margin                                                                                               40.7%               44.2%
Current ratio(1)                                                                                              1.6                  0.7
Average trade payables turnover days         (2)
                                                                                                             31.0                31.2
Average trade receivables turnover days(3)                                                                 206.3                232.8
Gearing ratio(4)                                                                                          362.5%               -4.6%


Notes:

(1)      Current ratio equals current assets divided by current liabilities as of the end of the year.

(2)      Trade payable turnover days for a period equals the arithmetic mean of the beginning and ending trade payables balances
         divided by cost of sales for that period and multiplied by the number of days in that period.

(3)      Trade receivable turnover days for a period equals the arithmetic mean of the beginning and ending trade receivable balances
         divided by revenue for that period and multiplied by the number of days in that period.

(4)      Gearing ratio equals total borrowings divided by total equity attributable to equity holders of the Company as of the end of
         the year.
26   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     Significant Investments
     On March 31, 2025, April 2, 2025, and April 3, 2025, respectively, the Company, together with its indirectly wholly
     owned subsidiary, BrainAurora (HK) Medical Technology Limited, subscribed for the Wealth Management Product (the
     investment scope of which does not include equity securities) for an aggregate principal amount of US$30 million. To
     the best of the Directors’ knowledge, information and belief and having made all reasonable enquiries, SPDBIIM and
     its respective ultimate beneficial owner(s) are Independent Third Parties. As of September 3, 2025, all of the principal
     amounts of the Wealth Management Product had been redeemed. For further details, please refer to the Company’s
     announcement dated December 15, 2025.


     Saved as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2025, we did not hold any significant investments. Save as disclosed in
     this report, the Group does not have other plans for significant investments or capital assets as of the date of this report.


     Material Acquisitions and Disposals
     The Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures for the year
     ended December 31, 2025.


     Contingent Liabilities
     The Group did not have any material contingent liabilities as of December 31, 2025.


     Capital Expenditure and Commitments
     Our capital expenditure for the year ended December 31, 2025 was RMB38.41 million, compared to RMB25.38 million
     for the year ended December 31, 2024. The increase was primarily due to (i) the increased payment for tablets as
     an addition to fixed assets for the purpose of home-based business development, leading to an increase in capital
     expenditure of RMB1.01 million as compared with last year; (ii) the increased demand for new office building lease,
     leading to an increase in capital expenditure for right-of-use assets of RMB1.04 million as compared with last year;
     and (iii) the increase in intangible asset investment of RMB10.98 million as compared with last year, which was mainly
     due to the purchase of data packages and software. Our capital expenditure primarily consisted of (i) additions of fixed
     assets, plant and equipment; (ii) additions of right-of-use assets; and (iii) additions of intangible assets.


     As of December 31, 2025, we had capital commitments of RMB0.39 million, primarily in connection with expenditures
     in respect of the acquisition of equipment and machineries and renovation of leasehold properties.


     Foreign Currency Risk
     As at December 31, 2025, the Group mainly operated in China and a majority of its transactions were settled in RMB,
     the functional currency of the Company’s primary subsidiaries.


     A portion of the Group’s transactions were dominated in RMB, Hong Kong dollars, US dollars and Japanese yen. Except
     for certain restricted bank deposits, bank balances and cash, other receivables, bank and other borrowings and lease
     liabilities denominated in foreign currencies, the Group did not have significant foreign exchange risk exposure from
     its operations during the Reporting Period. We currently do not have a foreign currency hedging policy. However, our
     management continuously monitors foreign exchange exposure and will consider hedging significant foreign currency
     exposure should the need arise.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   27




                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Non-IFRS Measures
To supplement our consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, which are presented
in accordance with IFRS, we also use adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure) as an additional financial measure, which
is not required by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS. We believe this non-IFRS measure facilitates comparisons of
operating performance from period to period and company to company by eliminating potential impacts of certain
items. We believe this measure provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating
our consolidated results of operations in the same manner as they help our management in assessing our results of
operations. The fair value loss of financial liabilities at FVTPL is adjusted because it will cease upon the completion of
this global offering; share-based payments are adjusted because they are non-cash in nature. However, our non-IFRS
measure does not have a standardized meaning prescribed by IFRS, and our adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure) may
not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. The use of this non-IFRS measure has
limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation from, or as a substitute for an analysis of,
our results of operations or financial condition as reported under IFRS.


We define adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure) as loss and total comprehensive expense for the year adjusted by
adding back fair value loss of financial liabilities at FVTPL and share-based payments, both being non-cash in nature.


The following table reconciles adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure) for the years indicated to the nearest financial
measure calculated and presented in accordance with IFRS, which is loss and total comprehensive expense for the year:


                                                                                           For the year ended
                                                                                              December 31,
                                                                                               2025             2024
                                                                                           RMB’000           RMB’000


Reconciliation of loss and total comprehensive expense for
  the year to adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure)
Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year                                          (316,364)             (198,610)


Add:
Fair value loss of financial liabilities at FVTPL                                                 –               (30,116)
Share-based payments                                                                         77,211                66,767
Adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure)                                                       (239,153)             (161,959)
28   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     Employees and Remuneration Policy
     As of December 31, 2025, we had 165 employees in total, and all our employees were based in Mainland China.
     The following table sets forth the number of our employees categorized by function as of December 31, 2024 and
     December 31, 2025.


                                                                                      Number of                  Number of
                                                                                  employees as of            employees as of
                                                                                    December 31,              December 31,
                                                                                            2025                       2024


     Management and Administrative                                                                28                       24
     R&D                                                                                         122                      120
     Marketing                                                                                    15                       15


     Total                                                                                       165                      159


     The total remuneration cost incurred by the Group was RMB171.79 million for the year ended December 31, 2025,
     and RMB144.92 million for the year December 31, 2024. The increase in remuneration cost was primarily attributable
     to an increase in monthly wages of staff.


     Our employees’ remuneration consists of salaries, bonuses, employees’ provident fund and social security contributions
     and other welfare payments. In accordance with applicable Chinese laws, we have made contributions to social security
     insurance funds (including pension plan, unemployment insurance, work-related injury insurance, medical insurance
     and maternity insurance), supplemental medical insurance and housing funds for our employees.

     To maintain our workforce’s quality, knowledge, and skill levels, we are committed to continuously enhancing our team’s
     technical expertise, continuing education, project management capabilities and service quality with a comprehensive
     training system, including periodic technical training and regular sharing of industry insight to accelerate the learning
     progress and improve the knowledge and skill levels of our workforce. We also conduct training for our employees to
     abide by our anti-bribery and anti-corruption compliance requirements and applicable laws and regulations to eliminate
     bribery and corruption risks.


     Furthermore, we provide various incentives and benefits to our employees, including competitive salaries, bonuses and
     share-based payment, particularly our key employees. The Company has adopted share award scheme on July 30, 2023.
     For further details, please refer to the section headed “Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme” in Appendix IV to the prospectus
     of the Company dated December 30, 2024 (the “Prospectus”) and the section headed “Incentive Plans Adopted by
     the Company” in this report.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   29




                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



OTHER INFORMATION
Compliance with the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”)
The Company has adopted the Model Code set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct
regarding dealings in the securities of the Company by the Directors and the Company’s senior management who,
because of his/her office or employment, is likely to possess inside information in relation to the Company or its
securities.


Upon specific enquiry, all Directors confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code during the period from
the Listing Date, being January 8, 2025, to the date of this annual report. In addition, the Company is not aware of
any non-compliance of the Model Code by the employees of the Company who are likely to be in possession of inside
information of the Company during the period from the Listing Date, being January 8, 2025, to the date of this annual
report.


Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries have purchased, redeemed or sold any of the Company’s listed securities
(including sale of treasury shares) since the Listing Date, being January 8, 2025, and up to December 31, 2025. As at
December 31, 2025, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.


Material Litigation
The Company was not involved in any material litigation or arbitration during the year ended December 31, 2025 which
could have a material and adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. The Directors are also not
aware of any material litigation or claims that are pending or threatened against the Company since January 1, 2025,
and up to the date of this annual report which could have a material and adverse effect on our financial condition or
results of operations.


Audit Committee and Auditor
The audit committee of the Board (the “Audit Committee”) has three members comprising three independent non-
executive Directors, being Mr. Lam Yiu Por (林曉波) (chairman of the Audit Committee with the appropriate professional
qualifications), Dr. Duan Tao (段濤) and Mr. Tu Lei (涂雷), with terms of reference in compliance with the Listing Rules.


The Audit Committee has considered and reviewed the annual financial results for the year ended December 31, 2025,
the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Company and the Group and discussed matters in relation to
internal control, risk management and financial reporting with the management. There is no disagreement between the
Board and the Audit Committee regarding the accounting treatment adopted by the Company. The Audit Committee
considers that the annual financial results for the year ended December 31, 2025 are in compliance with the relevant
accounting standards, rules and regulations and appropriate disclosures have been duly made. The Audit Committee
has met with the independent auditor of the Company, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, and has also discussed matters with
respect to the accounting policies and practices adopted by the Company and internal control and financial reporting.
30   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     CHARGE ON ASSETS
     As of December 31, 2025, there was no charge on assets of our Group (FY2024: nil).


     CAPITAL EXPENDITURES AND CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
     We make capital expenditures to expand our operations, upgrade our property, plant and equipment and facilities, and
     increase our operating efficiency. We expect to incur capital expenditures in 2026 primarily in relation to, among others,
     purchase of property, plant and equipment. We expect to finance such capital expenditures through a combination of
     operating cash flows, net proceeds from the Global Offering and bank and other borrowings. We also made capital
     commitment primarily in connection with expenditures in respect of the acquisition of equipment and machineries and
     leasehold improvements. Details of our capital commitments are set out in Note 38 to the financial statements.

     TREASURY POLICY
     Our management performs the treasury functions and continues to monitor our cash requirements from time to time.
     If our cash requirements exceed the liquidity we hold at the time, our Company may seek credit facilities and external
     borrowings or issue securities as it considers necessary and appropriate.


     CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
     As of December 31, 2025, our Company did not have any material contingent liabilities.


     SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS AND MATERIAL ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES,
     ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
     Subscription of Wealth Management Product
     On March 31, 2025, April 2, 2025, and April 3, 2025, respectively, the Company, together with its indirectly wholly
     owned subsidiary, BrainAurora (HK) Medical Technology Limited, subscribed for the wealth management product (the
     investment scope of which does not include equity securities) issued by SPDB International Investment Management
     Limited (the “Wealth Management Product”) for an aggregate principal amount of US$30 million. As of September
     3, 2025, all of the principal amounts of the Wealth Management Product had been redeemed. For further details,
     please refer to the Company’s announcement dated December 15, 2025.


     Saved as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2025, we did not hold any significant investments. For the Reporting
     Period, we did not have material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.


     FUTURE PLANS FOR SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS
     As at December 31, 2025, save as disclosed in the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus,
     we did not have any other future plans for significant investments or capital assets.


     FINANCIAL RATIOS
     As at December 31, 2025, our gearing ratio, calculated as total borrowings divided by total equity attributable to equity
     holders of the Company, was 362.5% (2024: -4.6%).
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   31




                                                                           DIRECTORS’ REPORT



The Board is pleased to present this Directors’ report together with the consolidated financial statements of the Group
for the Reporting Period.


DIRECTORS
The Directors who held office during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report are:


Executive Directors
Mr. Tan Zheng (譚錚) (Chairman of the Board)
Dr. Wang Xiaoyi (王曉怡) (resigned with effect from June 19, 2025)


Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Li Sirui (李思睿) (resigned with effect from April 15, 2026)
Ms. Li Mingqiu (李明秋) (resigned with effect from April 15, 2026)
Mr. Deng Feng
Mr. Yang Fan (楊帆) (appointed on April 15, 2026)
Ms. Wang Jingbo (王晶菠) (appointed on April 15, 2026)


Independent Non-Executive Directors
Mr. Lam Yiu Por (林曉波)
Dr. Duan Tao (段濤)
Mr. Tu Lei (涂雷) (appointed on November 18, 2025)
Mr. Li Yuezhong (李月中) (resigned with effect from November 18, 2025)


Biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” of this
annual report.


During the Reporting Period, the Board at all times met the requirements of Rules 3.10(1), 3.10(2) and 3.10A of the
Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors with at least one
independent non-executive Director possessing appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial
management expertise and the appointment of independent non-executive Directors representing at least one-third
of the Board. Among the three independent non-executive Directors, Mr. Lam Yiu Por has appropriate professional
qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise as required by Rule 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules.


In accordance with Article 108(a) of the Articles of Association of the Company, Mr. Deng Feng and Dr. Duan Tao and
in accordance with Article 112 of the Articles of Association of the Company, Mr. Tu Lei, Mr. Yang Fan and Ms. Wang
Jingbo shall retire from their offices as Directors at the forthcoming AGM and, being eligible, will offer themselves for
re-election at the forthcoming AGM.
32   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



     PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
     The Group is involved in provision of the System integral software solutions in hospitals and out of hospitals and
     research project.


     The principal activities and particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are shown under Note 6 to the financial statements.
     An analysis of the Group’s results for the Reporting Period by principal activities of the Group is set out in the section
     headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” in this annual report.


     Since all of the Group’s non-current assets were located in China, no geographical segment information in accordance
     with IFRS 8 Operating Segments is presented. The Group is engaged in provision of the System integral software
     solutions in hospitals and out of hospitals and research project, which is regarded as a single reportable segment in
     a manner consistent with the way in which information is reported internally to the Group’s senior management for
     purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment. Therefore, no further operating segment analysis thereof
     is presented.


     BUSINESS REVIEW
     A fair review of the business of the Group as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of
     the Laws of Hong Kong), including an analysis of the Group’s financial performance, an indication of likely future
     developments in the Group’s business and the Group’s key relationships with its stakeholders who have a significant
     impact on the Group and on which the Group’s success depends, is set out in the section headed “Management
     Discussion and Analysis” of this annual report. These discussions form part of this directors’ report. Events affecting
     the Company that have occurred since the end of the financial year is set out in the section headed “Important Events
     After The Reporting Period” in this annual report.


     ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
     The Group is committed to achieving environmental sustainability. The Group endeavours to comply with the relevant
     laws and regulations regarding environmental protection and adopt effective measures to achieve efficient use of
     resources, waste reduction and energy saving. For instance, the in-house facilities of the Group operate in compliance
     with the relevant environmental rules and regulations. The Group reviews its environmental policies on a regular basis.


     Further details of the Company’s environmental policies and performance are disclosed in the environmental, social and
     governance report of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2025 (the “ESG Report”) published concurrently
     with this annual report.


     COMPLIANCE WITH THE RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
     As far as the Board and management are aware, the Group has complied in all material aspects with the relevant laws
     and regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operation of the Group, details of which could
     be referred to the section headed “Regulatory Overview” in the Prospectus. The Group has compliance policies and
     procedures in place and would seek professional legal advice from its legal advisers to ensure that transactions and
     business to be performed by the Group are in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations. During the Reporting
     Period, there was no material breach of, or non-compliance, with applicable laws and regulations by the Group.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   33




                                                                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT



HUMAN RESOURCES
As at December 31, 2025, the Group had a total of 165 (2024: 159) employees and the total staff costs for the Reporting
Period (including Directors’ emoluments) were RMB171.79 million (2024: RMB144.92 million). Remuneration of our
employee is determined with reference to market conditions and individual employees’ performance, qualification and
experience. In line with the performance of the Group and individual employees, a competitive remuneration package
is offered to retain employees, including salaries, bonuses, employees’ provident fund and social security contributions
and other welfare payments.


During the Reporting Period, the relationship between the Group and our employees has been stable. We had not
experienced any strikes or other labor disputes which materially affected our business activities. To maintain our
workforce’s quality, knowledge, and skill levels, we are committed to continuously enhancing our team’s technical
expertise, continuing education, project management capabilities and service quality with a comprehensive training
system, including periodic technical training and regular sharing of industry insight to accelerate the learning progress
and improve the knowledge and skill levels of our workforce. We also conduct training for our employees to abide by
our anti-bribery and anti-corruption compliance requirements and applicable laws and regulations to eliminate bribery
and corruption risks.


RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEME
The employees of the PRC subsidiaries are members of the state-managed retirement benefits scheme operated by
the PRC government. The employees of the PRC subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage of their
payroll to the retirement benefits scheme to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to this
retirement benefits scheme is to make the required contributions under the scheme. During the year ended December
31, 2025, under the PRC retirement benefits scheme, there were no contributions forfeited by the Group on behalf of
its employees who leave the plan prior to vesting fully in such contribution, nor had there been any utilization of such
forfeited contributions to reduce future contributions. No forfeited contributions were available for utilization by the
Group to reduce the existing level of contributions.


Details of the pension obligations of the Company are set out in Note 29 to the financial statements in this annual report.


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
Details of the related party transactions of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025 are set out in Note 34 to
the financial statements contained herein. For the year ended December 31, 2025, the Company has not conducted
any connected transaction or continuing connected transaction which should be disclosed pursuant to Chapter 14A
of the Listing Rules.
34   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



     MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
     For the year ended December 31, 2025, revenue from the Group’s five largest customers accounted for approximately
     50.41% (2024: 65.6%) of the Group’s total revenue. The Group’s largest customer for the year ended December 31,
     2025 accounted for approximately 19.64% (2024: 25.6%) of the Group’s total revenue for the same year.


     For the year ended December 31, 2025, purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for approximately
     27.13% (2024: 25.0%) of the Group’s total purchase amount. The Group’s largest supplier for the year ended December
     31, 2025 accounted for approximately 9.89% (2024: 14.3%) of the Group’s total purchase amount for the same year.


     None of the Directors, their respective close associates, or any shareholder of the Company who, to the knowledge of
     the Directors, owns more than 5% of the Company’s issued shares (excluding treasury shares), has any interest in any
     of the Group’s five largest customers or five largest suppliers.


     During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group did not experience any significant disputes with its customers
     or suppliers.


     RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS
     The Group understands the importance of maintaining a good relationship with its employees, customers, suppliers,
     and other stakeholders to meet its immediate and long-term goals. The Group will continue to ensure effective
     communication and maintain good relationship with each of its key stakeholders. An account of the Company’s key
     relationships with its employees, customers, suppliers and other stakeholders that have a significant impact on the
     Company is set out in the ESG Report.


     SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
     We are highly committed to fulfilling our social responsibilities and giving back to the communities in which we
     operate. We maintain a WeChat public account which routinely share scientific, health and medical information on
     brain sciences and cognitive health.


     PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
     The following list is a summary of certain principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group, some of which are beyond
     its control.


     •       If we are unable to successfully complete clinical development, obtain regulatory approval and commercialize
             our product candidates, or experience significant delays in doing so, our business and financial prospects will
             be materially adversely affected.


     •       If we are not able to develop and release new products that are competitive in the market, or develop successful
             enhancements or indication expansions of our System or any future products in a timely manner our products
             may become obsolete and our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely
             affected.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   35




                                                                           DIRECTORS’ REPORT



•     Clinical development is a lengthy, expensive and uncertain process, and unsuccessful clinical trials or procedures
      relating to products and indications under development could have a material adverse effect on our prospects.


•     Our algorithms and methodologies are complex and may contain errors or may not operate properly, which
      could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.


•     Some of our current and future products may be classified or reclassified as Class III medical devices under
      relevant PRC laws and regulations.


•     If we are unable to develop and successfully maintain adequate sales and commercial distribution capabilities,
      our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. If we are unable to maintain and expand our
      relationships with qualified third-party service providers, or to attract, motivate and retain a sufficient number
      of qualified personnel to support our selling and distribution efforts, sales volumes or margin of our System and
      other products may be adversely affected and we may be unable to extend our market coverage and deepen
      our market penetration as contemplated.


•     There is also no assurance that we will be able to maintain our sales, which may be adversely affected by many
      factors outside of our control.


•     Increasingly stringent regulatory requirements could create barriers to our development and introduction of new
      products.


•     You may lose substantially all your investments in us given the high risks and uncertainties associated with our
      business operations and the cognitive impairment DTx industry.


•     Our relationships with customers will be subject to applicable anti-bribery, anti-kickback, fraud and abuse and
      other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, exclusion from
      government healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm and diminished profits and future
      earnings.


•     Our results of operations are exposed to the impact of fair value changes for financial assets at FVTPL, which
      may consist of wealth management products we purchased from reputable commercial banks.


However, the above is not an exhaustive list. Investors are advised to make their own judgment or consult their own
investment advisors before making any investment in the Shares.

FINANCIAL SUMMARY
A summary of the consolidated results and the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last three financial years,
is set out on page 180 of this annual report. This summary does not form part of the audited consolidated financial
statements.


ADVANCE TO ENTITY PROVIDED BY THE COMPANY
During the Reporting Period, the Company had not provided any advance to an entity which is subject to disclosure
requirement under Rule 13.20 of the Listing Rules.
36   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



     BREACH OF LOAN AGREEMENT
     During the Reporting Period, the Company had not breached any terms of its loan agreements for loans that are
     significant to its operations.


     FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE AND GUARANTEES TO AFFILIATED COMPANIES BY THE COMPANY
     During the Reporting Period, the Company had not provided any financial assistance and guarantees to affiliated
     companies of the Company which is subject to disclosure requirements under Rule 13.22 of the Listing Rules.


     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the laws of the Cayman Islands which
     would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing Shareholders.


     TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION OF HOLDERS OF LISTED SECURITIES
     The Company is not aware of any tax relief or exemption available to the Shareholders by reason of their respective
     holding of the Company’s securities.


     SUBSIDIARIES
     Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in Note 36 to the financial statements.


     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
     Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Company and the Group during the Reporting Period
     are set out in Note 16 to the financial statements.


     SHARE CAPITAL
     Details of movements in the share capital of the Company during the Reporting Period are set out in Note 28 to the
     financial statements.

     SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
     According to the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Board, as at
     the Latest Practicable Date, the Company has maintained the public float as required under the Listing Rules.


     DONATION
     During the Reporting Period, the Company did not make any donations (2024: nil).


     DEBENTURE ISSUED
     The Group did not issue any debenture during the Reporting Period (2024: nil).
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025   37




                                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT



EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
No equity-linked agreements were entered into by the Group, or existed during the Reporting Period.


RESULTS AND DIVIDEND
The consolidation results of the Group for the Reporting Period are set out on pages 88 to 172 of this annual report.


The Board has resolved not to recommend payment of any final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2025.


There is no arrangement that a Shareholder has waived or agreed to waive any dividend.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY
A permitted indemnity provision (as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong))
in relation to the directors’ and officers’ liability insurance is currently in force and was in force during the Reporting
Period and up to the date of this annual report. The Company has arranged appropriate directors’ liability insurance
coverage for the Directors of the Group during the Reporting Period and up to the Latest Practicable Date.


RESERVES
Details of the movements in the reserves of the Company during the Reporting Period are set out in the consolidated
statement of changes in equity of the financial statements. As at December 31, 2025, the Company had no reserves
available for distribution under the provisions of the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands.


BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS
Particulars of bank loans and other borrowings of the Group (including the maturity profile of borrowings and committed
banking facilities) as at December 31, 2025 are set out in this annual report and Note 26 to the financial statements.
There is no material seasonality of borrowing requirements for the Group. Save as disclosed, we did not have any
material mortgages, charges, debentures, loan capital, debt securities, loans, unutilized banking facilities, bank overdrafts
or other similar indebtedness, liabilities under acceptances (other than normal trade bills), acceptance credits, which
are either guaranteed, unguaranteed, secured or unsecured, or guarantees.
38   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



     CHANGE OF DIRECTORS
     Details of change of directors during the Reporting Period are set out below:


     •       Dr. Wang Xiaoyi has resigned as an executive Director with effect from June 19, 2025;


     •       Mr. Tu Lei has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director with effect from November 18, 2025;
             and


     •       Mr. Li Yuezhong has resigned as an independent non-executive Director with effect from November 18, 2025.


     For details, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated June 20, 2025 and November 18, 2025.


     Details of change of directors after the Reporting Period are set out below:


     •       Ms. Li Mingqiu has resigned as a non-executive Director with effect from April 15, 2026;


     •       Mr. Li Sirui has resigned as a non-executive Director with effect from April 15, 2026;


     •       Mr. Yang Fan has been appointed as a non-executive Director with effect from April 15, 2026; and


     •       Ms. Wang Jingbo has been appointed as a non-executive Director with effect from April 15, 2026.


     For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated April 15, 2026.


     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
     Our executive Director, Mr. Tan, has entered into a service contract with our Company on December 19, 2024 for an
     initial term of three years commencing from the Listing Date, which may be terminated by not less than 3 months notice
     in writing served by either the executive Director or our Company. Pursuant to the service contracts entered into with
     us, our executive Director will not receive any remuneration as director’s fee.


     Each of Mr. Yang Fan and Ms. Wang Jingbo, our non-executive Directors, has entered into an appointment letter with
     our Company on April 15, 2026 for an initial term of three years commencing from April 15, 2026, which may be
     terminated by not less than 3 months notice in writing served by either the non-executive Director or our Company. Mr.
     Deng Feng, our non-executive Director, has entered into an appointment letter with our Company on December 19,
     2024 for an initial term of three years commencing from the Listing Date, which may be terminated by not less than
     3 months notice in writing served by either the non-executive Director or our Company. Pursuant to the appointment
     letters entered into with us, none of our non-executive Directors will receive any remuneration as director’s fee.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025   39




                                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT



Mr. Tu Lei, our independent non-executive Director, has entered into an appointment letter with our Company on
November 18, 2025 for an initial term of three years commencing from November 18, 2025, which may be terminated
by not less than 3 months notice in writing served by either him or our Company. Each of Mr. Lam Yiu Por and Dr.
Duan Tao, our independent non-executive Directors, has entered into an appointment letter with our Company on
December 19, 2024 for an initial term of three years commencing from the Listing Date, which may be terminated by
not less than 3 months notice in writing served by either the independent non-executive Director or our Company.
Pursuant to the appointment letters entered into with us, each of our independent non-executive Directors will receive
an annual director’s fee of HK$300,000.


None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming AGM has an unexpired service contract which is not
determinable by the Company or any of its subsidiaries within one year without payment of compensation, other than
under normal statutory obligations.


DIRECTORS ’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF
SIGNIFICANCE
Save as disclosed in this annual report, none of the Directors nor any entity connected with the Directors had a
material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which
the Company, its holding company, or any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party subsisting has entered
into any service agreement or letter of appointment with any member of the Group (excluding agreements expiring
or determinable by any member of the Group within one year without payment of compensation other than statutory
compensation) during or at the end of the Reporting Period.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
During the Reporting Period, none of the Directors or their respective close associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) had
any interest in a business that competed or was likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the
Group, other than being a director of the Company and/or its subsidiaries. From time to time our non-executive Directors
may serve on the boards of both private and public companies within the broader healthcare and biopharmaceutical
industries. However, as these non-executive Directors are not members of our executive management team, we do
not believe that their interests in such companies as directors would render us incapable of carrying on our business
independently from the other companies in which these Directors may hold directorships from time to time.


ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
At no time during the Reporting Period was the Company, its holding company, or any of its subsidiaries, a party to
any arrangement to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares in, or debt securities
including debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.
40   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
     UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS ASSOCIATED
     CORPORATIONS
     As at December 31, 2025, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the
     Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or any associated corporation (within the meaning of Part
     XV of the SFO), which (a) were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7
     and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which he/she was taken or deemed to have under
     such provisions of the SFO); or (b) were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register
     referred to therein; or (c) were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model
     Code, were as follows:

     Interest in our Company

                                                                                                                           Approximate
     Name of Director/                                                                                Number of           percentage of
     Chief Executive                  Capacity/Nature of interest                                   Shares held(5)        shareholding(6)


     Directors
     Mr. Tan(1)                       Interest in controlled corporation                           275,468,000(L)                  21.75%
                                      Interest held through voting powers entrusted                 99,104,000(L)                   7.83%
                                         by other persons
                                      Beneficial owner                                              27,129,000(L)                   2.14%
                                                                                                   401,701,000(L)                  31.72%
     Mr. Deng Feng(2)                 Interest in controlled corporation                           126,854,000(L)                  10.02%
     Ms. Li Mingqiu(3)                Interest in controlled corporation                           123,527,000(L)                   9.76%


     Chief Executive
     Mr. Cai Longjun(4)               Beneficial owner                                               12,631,000(L)                  1.00%

     Notes:

     (1)      Mr. Tan is interested in (i) 275,468,000 Shares held by ZTan Limited, his controlled corporation, and (ii) a total of 99,104,000
              Shares held by Healthblooming Limited through voting powers entrusted by Healthblooming Limited.

              Mr. Tan was granted 27,129,000 Awarded Shares under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme.

     (2)      Mr. Deng Feng is interested in 126,854,000 Shares held by Northern Light Strategic Fund IV L.P., Northern Light Venture Fund
              IV L.P. and Northern Light Partners Fund IV L.P.

     (3)      Ms. Li Mingqiu is interested in 123,527,000 Shares held by Crusky Limited.

              Ms. Li Mingqiu resigned as Director of the Company with effect from April 15, 2026.

     (4)      Mr. Cai Longjun was granted 12,631,000 Awarded Shares under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme.

     (5)      The letter “L” denotes the person’s long position in the Shares.

     (6)      As at December 31, 2025, the Company has a total of 1,266,278,000 Shares in issue.
                                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025   41




                                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT



Interest in associated corporations


                                                                                                                               Approximate
                                                                                                                                 percentage
                                                                                                                                  of interest
                                                                                                                                       in the
                                                                                               Amount of registered               associated
Name of Director      Nature of interest                   Associated corporations             capital/shares held              corporation


Mr. Tan               Beneficial owner                     Beijing Yihui Technology Co. Ltd.   RMB385,936 registered capital          0.76%
                                                             (北京益慧科技有限公司)
                                                             (“Beijing Yihui”)
Ms. Li Mingqiu(1)     Interest in controlled corporation   Beijing Yihui                       RMB161,653 registered capital          0.32%

Note:

(1)       Tianjin Tianjian Medical Technology Co. Ltd. (天津天鍵醫療科技有限公司) (“Tianjin Tianjian”) is wholly owned by Ms. Li
          Mingqiu. Therefore, Ms. Li Mingqiu is deemed to be interested in RMB161,653 registered capital of Beijing Yihui held by
          Tianjin Tianjian.

          Ms. Li Mingqiu resigned as Director of the Company with effect from April 15, 2026.


Save as disclosed in this annual report and to the best knowledge of the Directors, as at December 31, 2025, none of
the Directors or the chief executive of the Company has any interests and/or short positions in the Shares, underlying
Shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which
were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the
SFO (including interests and short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO)
or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein or which
were required, pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.
42   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS ’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
     UNDERLYING SHARES
     As at December 31, 2025, the following persons (other than the Directors and chief executives of the Company whose
     interests have been disclosed in this report), had an interest or short position in the Shares and underlying Shares which
     would fall to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or as recorded in the
     register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:


     Interest in our Company


                                                                                                               Approximate
     Name of                                                                               Number of          percentage of
     Substantial Shareholder                  Capacity/Nature of interest                Shares held(1)      shareholding(2)


     ZTan Limited(3)                          Beneficial owner(3)                       275,468,000(L)               21.75%
     Mr. Tan(3)(4)(5)                         Interest in controlled corporation(3)     275,468,000(L)               21.75%
                                              Interest held through voting powers        99,104,000(L)                7.83%
                                                 entrusted by other persons(4)
                                              Beneficial owner(5)                        27,129,000(L)                2.14%
                                                                                        401,701,000(L)               31.72%
     Wispirits Limited(6)                     Beneficial owner(6)                       109,052,000(L)                8.61%
     Dr. Wang(6)(7)                           Interest in controlled corporation(6)     183,955,000(L)               14.53%
                                              Beneficial owner(7)                        26,946,000(L)                2.13%
                                                                                        210,901,000(L)               16.66%
     Northern Light Venture                   Beneficial owner(8)                       115,729,000(L)                9.14%
       Fund IV L.P. (“NLVF”)(8)
     Northern Light Partners IV L.P.          Interest in controlled corporation(8)     126,854,000(L)               10.02%
       (“NL Partners”)(8)
     Northern Light Venture                   Interest in controlled corporation(8)     126,854,000(L)               10.02%
       Capital IV, Ltd.(8)
     Mr. Deng Feng(8)                         Interest in controlled corporation(8)     126,854,000(L)               10.02%
     Crusky Limited(9)                        Beneficial owner(9)                       123,527,000(L)                9.76%
     Ms. Li Mingqiu (李明秋)(9)                  Interest in controlled corporation(9)     123,527,000(L)                9.76%
     Healthblooming Limited(10)               Beneficial owner(10)                       99,104,000(L)                7.83%
     Mr. Zhao Yujie (趙宇傑)                     Interest in controlled corporation(10)     99,104,000(L)                7.83%
       (“Mr. Zhao”)(10)
     Wisdomspirit Holding Limited(11)         Beneficial owner(11)                       85,166,000(L)                6.73%
     Trident Trust Company (HK)               Interest in controlled corporation(11)     85,166,000(L)                6.73%
       Limited (“Trident”)(11)
     CFCH(12)                                 Beneficial owner(12)                       70,143,000(L)                5.54%
     Mr. Lv Yajun (呂亞軍)(12)                   Interest in controlled corporation(12)     70,143,000(L)                5.54%
       (“Mr. Lv”)
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025    43




                                                                                     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



Notes:

(1)      The letter “L” denotes the person’s long position in the Shares.

(2)      As at December 31, 2025, the Company has a total of 1,266,278,000 Shares in issue.

(3)      ZTan Limited was wholly owned by Mr. Tan. Therefore, Mr. Tan is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by ZTan Limited
         under the SFO.

(4)      Pursuant to the Voting Proxy Agreement, Mr. Tan is entitled to exercise the voting rights of the Shares held by Healthblooming
         Limited. Therefore, Mr. Tan is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Healthblooming Limited under the SFO.

(5)      Mr. Tan was granted Awards to acquire 27,129,000 Shares under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme.

(6)      Wispirits Limited was wholly owned by Dr. Wang. Therefore, Dr. Wang is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by
         Wispirits Limited under the SFO.

         Each of the shareholders of Wiseforward Limited entered into proxy arrangement with Dr. Wang respectively, to allow Dr. Wang
         to have control over the entire voting power thereof, and as such Wiseforward Limited is a controlled corporation of Dr. Wang.
         Therefore, Dr. Wang is deemed to be interested in all the interests of Wiseforward Limited in our Company under the SFO.

         Neurobright Limited was owned as to approximately by 32.82% by Dr. Wang, and each of the shareholders of Neurobright
         Limited entered into proxy arrangement with Dr. Wang respectively, to allow Dr. Wang to have control over the entire voting
         power thereof, and as such Neurobright Limited is a controlled corporation of Dr. Wang. Therefore, Dr. Wang is deemed to
         be interested in all the interests of Neurobright Limited in our Company under the SFO.

(7)      Dr. Wang was granted Awards to acquire 26,946,000 Shares under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme.

(8)      Each of Northern Light Strategic Fund IV L.P. (“NLSF”), NLVF and Northern Light Partners Fund IV L.P. (“NLPF”) is an exempted
         limited partnership established in the Cayman Islands, whose general partner is NL Partners. NL Partners is an exempted limited
         partnership established in the Cayman Islands, whose general partner is Northern Light Venture Capital IV, Ltd., a company
         controlled by Mr. Deng Feng, our non-executive Director. Therefore, each of NL Partners, Northern Light Venture Capital IV,
         Ltd. and Mr. Deng Feng is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by NLSF, NLVF and NLPF.

(9)      Crusky Limited was wholly owned by Ms. Li Mingqiu. Therefore, Ms. Li Mingqiu is deemed to be interested in the Shares held
         by Crusky Limited under the SFO.

(10)     Healthblooming Limited was owned as to approximately by 39.96% by Mr. Zhao. No other shareholder of Healthblooming
         Limited held one-third or more of the voting power therein. Therefore, Mr. Zhao is deemed to be interested in the Shares
         held by Healthblooming Limited under the SFO.

(11)     Wisdomspirit Holding Limited is a company wholly owned by Trident, the trustee of the trust set up by the Company to facilitate
         the administration of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme, of which the Company is the settlor. Therefore, Trident is deemed to
         be interested in the Shares held by Wisdomspirit Holding Limited under the SFO.

(12)     CFCH was wholly owned by Mr. Lv. Therefore, Mr. Lv is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by CFCH under the SFO.
44   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



     Interest in Members of our Group


                                                                                                                                Approximate
                                                                                                                                  percentage
                                                                                                                                   of interest
                                                                                                                  Amount of             in the
                                                                                                                  registered         member
                                                                                                                 capital held   of our Group
     Name                                   Nature of Interest       Name of member of our Group                       (RMB)               (%)


     Shenyang Youyang Future                Beneficial owner         Brain Aurora Medical Technology                 150,000             15%
       Technology Co., Ltd. (瀋陽優陽                                      (Liaoning) Co., Ltd. (腦動極光醫療科技
       未來科技有限公司)(1)                                                    (遼寧)有限公司) (“BrainAurora
                                                                       Liaoning”)(1)
     Wang Ningning (王寧寧)(1)                 Interest in controlled   BrainAurora Liaoning(1)                         150,000             15%
                                              corporation
     Zhang Zhiwei (張志偉)(2)                  Beneficial owner         Brain Aurora Medical Technology (Shaanxi)       200,000             20%
                                                                       Co., Ltd. (“BrainAurora Shaanxi”)
                                                                       (腦動極光醫療科技(陝西)有限公司)(2)
     Beijing Ruian Enzhuo Biotechnology Beneficial owner             Beijing Wanxiang Aurora Technology              300,000             30%
        Co., Ltd. (北京瑞安恩卓生物科技有                                         Co., Ltd. (北京萬相極光科技有限公司)
        限公司)(3)                                                        (“Wanxiang Aurora”)(3)
     Beijing Fanhai Wanxiang Technology Interest in controlled       Wanxiang Aurora(3)                              300,000             30%
        Co., Ltd. (北京泛海萬象科技有限                 corporation
        公司)(3)
     Li Deming (李德名)(3)                     Interest in controlled   Wanxiang Aurora(3)                              300,000             30%
                                              corporation
     Chengdu Kerui Dite Enterprise          Beneficial owner         Sichuan Huiyu Aurora Medical Technology         200,000             20%
        Management Co., Ltd. (成都克瑞                                     Co., Ltd. (四川慧譽極光醫療科技有限
        帝特企業管理有限公司)(4)                                                 公司) (“Sichuan Huiyu”)(4)
     Cao Jiaxuan (曹家宣)(4)                   Interest in controlled   Sichuan Huiyu(4)                                200,000             20%
                                              corporation
     Wang Xiumin (王秀敏)(4)                   Interest in controlled   Sichuan Huiyu(4)                                200,000             20%
                                              corporation
     Beijing Anyi Huidong Medical           Beneficial owner         Beijing Hongze Technology Development           428,600             30%
        Technology Co., Ltd. (北京安醫                                     Co., Ltd. (北京浤澤科技發展有限公司)
        匯動醫學科技有限公司)(5)                                                 (“Hongze Technology”) (5)
     Shoudu Huizhi Medical Technology Interest in controlled         Hongze Technology(5)                            428,600             30%
        Outcome Transformation Academy        corporation
        (首都匯智醫療科技成果轉化研究院)               (5)
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025    45




                                                                                     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



Notes:

(1)      BrainAurora Liaoning is owned as to (i) 85% by Beijing Zhijingling, an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,
         and (ii) 15% by Shenyang Youyang Future Technology Co., Ltd. (瀋陽優陽未來科技有限公司), which is controlled by Wang
         Ningning (王寧寧). To the best knowledge of our Directors, each of Shenyang Youyang Future Technology Co., Ltd. and
         Wang Ningning is an Independent Third Party and not a connected person at the subsidiary level, taking into account that
         BrainAurora Liaoning is an insignificant subsidiary for the purpose of Rule 14A.09 of the Listing Rules.

(2)      BrainAurora Shaanxi is owned as to (i) 80% by Beijing Zhijingling, an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and
         (ii) 20% by Zhang Zhiwei (張志偉). To the best knowledge of our Directors, Zhang Zhiwei is an Independent Third Party, and
         not a connected person at the subsidiary level, taking into account that BrainAurora Shaanxi is an insignificant subsidiary for
         the purpose of Rule 14A.09 of the Listing Rules.

(3)      Wanxiang Aurora is owned as to (i) 70% by Beijing Zhijingling, an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and
         (ii) 30% by Beijing Ruian Enzhuo Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (北京瑞安恩卓生物科技有限公司), which is wholly owned by Beijing
         Fanhai Wanxiang Technology Co., Ltd. (北京泛海萬象科技有限公司), and thus in turn controlled by Li Deming (李德名). To
         the best knowledge of our Directors, each of Beijing Ruian Enzhuo Biotechnology Co., Ltd. and Li Deming is an Independent
         Third Party, and not a connected person at the subsidiary level, taking into account that Wanxiang Aurora is an insignificant
         subsidiary for the purpose of Rule 14A.09 of the Listing Rules.

(4)      Sichuan Huiyu is a limited liability company established in the PRC on May 22, 2023. As of the Latest Practicable Date, it is
         owned as to (i) 80% by Beijing Zhijingling, an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and (ii) 20% by Chengdu
         Kerui Dite Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. (成都克瑞帝特企業管理有限公司), a company owned as to 50% and 50% by Cao
         Jiaxuan (曹家宣) and Wang Xiumin (王秀敏) respectively. To the best knowledge of our Directors, each of Chengdu Kerui Dite
         Enterprise Management Co., Ltd., Cao Jiaxuan and Wang Xiumin is an Independent Third Party, taking consideration that
         Sichuan Huiyu is an insignificant subsidiary for purpose of Rule 14A.09 of the Listing Rules.

(5)      Hongze Technology is owned as to approximately (i) 70% by Beijing Zhijingling, an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the
         Company, and (ii) 30% by Beijing Anyi Huidong Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (北京安醫匯動醫學科技有限公司), which is
         wholly owned by Shoudu Huizhi Medical Technology Outcome Transformation Academy (首都匯智醫療科技成果轉化研究院),
         a social institute under the authority of Beijing Municipal Health Commission, a PRC government body. To the best knowledge
         of our Directors, Shoudu Huizhi Medical Technology Outcome Transformation Academy and its ultimate beneficial owner is
         an Independent Third Party, and not a connected person at the subsidiary level, taking into account that Hongze Technology
         is an insignificant subsidiary for the purpose of Rule 14A.09 of the Listing Rules.


Save as disclosed above, as at December 31, 2025, no person, other than the Directors and chief executives of the
Company whose interests are set out in the section headed “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short
Positions in Shares and Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company or any of its Associated Corporations” had
an interest or short position in the Shares or underlying Shares which would fall to be recorded in the registry required
to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.
46   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



     INCENTIVE PLANS ADOPTED BY THE COMPANY
     Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme
     The Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme was adopted by the Company and took effect on July 30, 2023 (the “Adoption
     Date”). The terms of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme are not subject to the provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing
     Rules as it does not involve any grant of awards by our Company to subscribe for new Shares after the Listing. All
     Awarded Shares available for grant have been granted to specific individuals under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme,
     and no further grant will be made under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme after the Listing. All the Shares underlying the
     Awards granted under the Pre-IPO Share Award have been issued for the benefit of the specified grantees thereunder.
     The following is a summary of the principal terms of the Pre-IPO Share Award.


     (a)     Purpose
             The specific objectives of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme aims to (i) recognise and reward the contributions of
             certain eligible employees of the Group; and (ii) incentivize them for their future contribution to the continual
             operation and development of the Company.


     (b)     Eligibility
             Any individual(s) being an employee (including without limitation any executive director) (other than any
             employee(s) who is resident in a place where the grant of the Awards and/or the vesting and transfer of the
             Awards pursuant to the terms of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme is not permitted under the laws or regulations
             of such place or where in the view of the Board, compliance with applicable laws or regulations in such place
             makes it necessary or expedient to exclude such employee (the “Excluded Employee”)) of any member of the
             Group at any time during the relevant period.


     (c)     Duration
             Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the Board, the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme shall be
             valid and effective for a term of ten (10) years commencing on the Adoption Date. As at December 31, 2025,
             the remaining term of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme is approximately eight years and seven months.


     (d)     Maximum Number of Shares
             Under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme, the maximum number of Awards that may be granted under the Pre-IPO
             Share Award Scheme in aggregate (excluding the Awards that have lapsed or been cancelled in accordance
             with the rules of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme) shall be 85,166,000, representing 6.27% of the total share
             capital of the Company as at the Latest Practicable Date. The Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme does not prescribe
             the maximum entitlement of each grantee.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   47




                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT



(e)   Administration
      The Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme shall be subject to the administration of the Board in accordance with the
      rules of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme. The Board will make all determination in relation to the Pre-IPO
      Share Award Scheme. The Board may delegate the authority to administer this Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme
      to any committee thereof or any third party duly appointed thereby, including without limitation third party
      service providers and professional (collectively, the “Authorized Administrators”). Any decision of the Board
      with respect to any matter arising under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme (including the interpretation of any
      provision) shall be final and binding on all parties.


(f)   Price
      Subject to the provisions of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme, the Board may, from time to time, at its absolute
      discretion select any employee (other than any Excluded Employee) for participation in the Pre-IPO Share Award
      Scheme as a selected employee (the “Selected Employee”), and grant such number of Awards to any Selected
      Employee at a consideration as the Board may determine from time to time and in such number and on and
      subject to such terms and conditions as it may in its absolute discretion determine.


(g)   Vesting
      Unless the Board determines otherwise, the Awards shall be vested according to the following schedule (the
      “Vesting Schedule”):


      (i)     30% of such Awards shall be vested on the date of the first anniversary of the Listing;


      (ii)    30% of such Awards shall be vested on the date of the second anniversary of the Listing; and


      (iii)   40% of such Awards shall be vested on the date of the third anniversary of the Listing.


      Upon the vesting of the Awards, (i) the Board may decide at its absolute discretion to send the Selected
      Employees, within a reasonable time, a vesting notice (the “Vesting Notice”) together with such prescribed
      transfer documents which require the Selected Employee to execute to effect the vesting and transfer of the
      Awards and, if applicable, the cash or non-cash income, dividends or distributions and/or the sale proceeds of
      non-cash and non-scrip distributions in respect of those the Shares underlying the Awards, as the case may
      be, subject to the Selected Employees paying all tax, stamp duty, levies and charges applicable to such transfer
      and complying with all the applicable laws and regulations. The Selected Employees shall be responsible for
      conducting all necessary filings, registration or other administrative proceedings as required by applicable laws,
      rules or regulations, including but not limited to foreign exchange registration, for their obtaining of the Awards;
      (ii) upon receipt of the Vesting Notice, the Selected Employee (or his legal representative or lawful successor,
      as the case may be) is required to return to the Board the reply slip attached to the Vesting Notice to confirm
      the securities account details, together with the relevant duly signed transfer documents. In the event that
      the Board does not receive the reply slip and the transfer form from the Selected Employee within the period
      stipulated in the Vesting Notice, the Awards which would have otherwise vested in such Selected Employee shall
48   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



             be automatically forfeited. Under the Board’s instructions, such Shares underlying the Awards granted may be
             reallocated to other Selected Employees, or in case no other Selected Employees can be identified, such Shares
             underlying the Awards granted may be reallocated to any other person designated by the Company; and (iii)
             subject to the receipt of (a) the reply slip to the Vesting Notice and transfer documents prescribed and duly
             signed by the Selected Employee within the period stipulated in the Vesting Notice, (b) a confirmation from the
             Board that all vesting conditions having been fulfilled, and (c) certified copies of the identification documents
             provided by the Selected Employee relevant, the relevant Awards shall be transferred to the relevant Selected
             Employee as soon as practicable on or after the Vesting Date and in any event not later than ten (10) business
             days after the Vesting Date.


             The Board and/or the Authorised Administrator have absolute discretion in determining whether the vesting
             conditions applicable to a Selected Employee are satisfied. The vesting conditions include but not limited to: (i)
             the Selected Employee shall remain an employee of the Group on the relevant vesting dates; (ii) there shall be
             no occurrence of any triggering events for the surrender of the Awards; and (iii) the Selected Employee and his
             associate(s) shall not be employed by or operate or invest in any entity, during the period from the grant date
             to the relevant Vesting Dates, the business of which competes with the core business of the Group.


     (h)     Disqualification of Selected Employee
             In the event that prior to or on the Vesting Date, a Selected Employee is found to be an Excluded Employee or
             is deemed to cease to be an Employee, the relevant grant made to such Selected Employee shall automatically
             lapse forthwith and the relevant Awards shall not vest on the relevant Vesting Date but shall remain part of
             the scheme.


             Unless the Board determines otherwise, the unvested Awards will be deemed to have been surrendered by a
             Selected Employee upon the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) termination of employment with or
             without any cause; (ii) unsatisfactory performance leading to demotion; (iii) failure to meet performance appraisal
             rating for the previous year according to the performance appraisal rating policy of the Company (as amended
             from time to time); (iv) no renewal of the employment contract upon the expiration; or (v) any other event to
             be determined by the Board.
                                                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025         49




                                                                                                         DIRECTORS’ REPORT



(i)        Voting Rights
           A Selected Employee shall not have the voting rights or any interest or rights (including the right to receive
           dividends or other distributions) in respect of the Awards prior to the Vesting Date.


All the Awards available for granting under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme have been granted before the Listing and
there are no further awards available for grant pursuant to the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme since the Listing. During
the Reporting Period, details of the movements in the Awards granted under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme are as
follows pursuant to Rule 17.12 of the Listing Rules.


                                                                     Number of Shares underlying the relevant Awards
                                                                                                                                                            Approximate
                                       Number of Effect on                                                                                                    percentage
                                      outstanding the Share                                               Outstanding                                               in the
                                            Shares Subdivision  Granted Exercised Cancelled       Lapsed      Awards                                               issued
                                    underlying the    and the during the during the during the during the        as at                                       Shares as at
                                Awards granted as      global Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting December 31,                            Vesting       December 31,
Name of grantee                 at January 1, 2025 offering(2)    Period     Period     Period     Period       2025(2) Date of grant         period                 2025


1. Directors, Chief executive                                         –            –            –           –
   and our Substantial
   Shareholders(1)
   Mr. Tan                                27,129 27,101,871           –            –            –           –    27,129,000 July 31, 2023     Note (3)             2.14%
   Dr. Wang (resigned with                26,946 26,919,054           –            –            –           –    26,946,000 July 31, 2023     Note (3)(4)          2.13%
       effect from June 19,
       2025)
   Mr. Cai Longjun                        12,631 12,618,369           –            –            –           –    12,631,000 July 31, 2023     Note (3)             1.00%


Subtotal of Directors, Chief              66,706 66,639,294           –            –            –           –    66,706,000 –                 –                    5.27%
   executive and our
   Substantial Shareholders


2. Other employees
    Wang Junjie                            1,266   1,264,734          –            –            –           –     1,266,000   July 31, 2023   Note (3)             0.10%
    Lai Zhiyuan                            1,266   1,264,734          –            –            –           –     1,266,000   July 31, 2024   Note (3)             0.10%
    Li Tianyou                             1,266   1,264,734          –            –            –           –     1,266,000   July 31, 2025   Note (3)             0.10%
    Yang Xuewen                            1,085   1,083,915          –            –            –           –     1,085,000   July 31, 2026   Note (3)             0.09%
    Ma Xiaohui                               940     939,060          –            –            –           –       940,000   July 31, 2027   Note (3)             0.07%
    Liu Chenyang                             723     722,277          –            –            –           –       723,000   July 31, 2028   Note (3)             0.06%
    Zhang Kun                                723     722,277          –            –            –           –       723,000   July 31, 2029   Note (3)             0.06%
    Wang Peng                                652     651,348          –            –            –           –       652,000   July 31, 2030   Note (3)(5)          0.05%
    Guan Song                                543     542,457          –            –            –           –       543,000   July 31, 2031   Note (3)             0.04%
    Liu Yanling                              543     542,457          –            –            –           –       543,000   July 31, 2032   Note (3)             0.04%
    Qing Li                                  543     542,457          –            –            –           –       543,000   July 31, 2033   Note (3)             0.04%
    Bian Zhiming                             543     542,457          –            –            –           –       543,000   July 31, 2034   Note (3)             0.04%
50   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



                                                                 Number of Shares underlying the relevant Awards
                                                                                                                                                           Approximate
                                   Number of Effect on                                                                                                       percentage
                                  outstanding the Share                                               Outstanding                                                  in the
                                        Shares Subdivision  Granted Exercised Cancelled       Lapsed      Awards                                                  issued
                                underlying the    and the during the during the during the during the        as at                                          Shares as at
                            Awards granted as      global Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting December 31,                               Vesting       December 31,
     Name of grantee        at January 1, 2025 offering(2)    Period     Period     Period     Period       2025(2) Date of grant            period                 2025


        Zhang Maowen                     543     542,457          –            –            –           –          543,000   July 31, 2035   Note (3)             0.04%
        Ma Zhujiang                      543     542,457          –            –            –           –          543,000   July 31, 2036   Note (3)             0.04%
        Dong Yuehui                      543     542,457          –            –            –           –          543,000   July 31, 2037   Note (3)(5)          0.04%
        Hu Erbiao                        543     542,457          –            –            –           –          543,000   July 31, 2038   Note (3)(5)          0.04%
        Du Xin                           543     542,457          –            –            –           –          543,000   July 31, 2039   Note (3)             0.04%
        Qi Yujuan                        543     542,457          –            –            –           –          543,000   July 31, 2040   Note (3)             0.04%
        Huang Jianxing                   543     542,457          –            –            –           –          543,000   July 31, 2041   Note (3)             0.04%
        Dong Ming                        543     542,457          –            –            –           –          543,000   July 31, 2042   Note (3)             0.04%
        Zhou Bing                        543     542,457          –            –            –           –          543,000   July 31, 2043   Note (3)             0.04%
        Wang Yunxia                      362     361,638          –            –            –           –          362,000   July 31, 2044   Note (3)             0.03%
        Pan Xingliang                    362     361,638          –            –            –           –          362,000   July 31, 2045   Note (3)             0.03%
        Dong Xiao                        181     180,819          –            –            –           –          181,000   July 31, 2046   Note (3)             0.01%
        Luo Chuan                        181     180,819          –            –            –           –          181,000   July 31, 2047   Note (3)             0.01%
        Li Guohua                        181     180,819          –            –            –           –          181,000   July 31, 2048   Note (3)             0.01%
        Zhang Feng                       181     180,819          –            –            –           –          181,000   July 31, 2049   Note (3)             0.01%
        Sun Yuewen                       181     180,819          –            –            –           –          181,000   July 31, 2050   Note (3)             0.01%
        Li Yaoyu                         181     180,819          –            –            –           –          181,000   July 31, 2051   Note (3)             0.01%
        Gao Wei                          181     180,819          –            –            –           –          181,000   July 31, 2052   Note (3)             0.01%
        Liu Chuan                        181     180,819          –            –            –           –          181,000   July 31, 2053   Note (3)             0.01%
        Li Hai                           109     108,891          –            –            –           –          109,000   July 31, 2054   Note (3)             0.01%
        Li Qingsong                      109     108,891          –            –            –           –          109,000   July 31, 2055   Note (3)             0.01%
        Wei Mingyue                      109     108,891          –            –            –           –          109,000   July 31, 2056   Note (3)             0.01%
        Cheng Zhenzhen                   109     108,891          –            –            –           –          109,000   July 31, 2057   Note (3)             0.01%
        Zhang Baoyue                     109     108,891          –            –            –           –          109,000   July 31, 2058   Note (3)             0.01%
        Li Penghuai                      109     108,891          –            –            –           –          109,000   July 31, 2059   Note (3)             0.01%
        Zheng Miao                       109     108,891          –            –            –           –          109,000   July 31, 2060   Note (3)             0.01%
        Chang Sijia                      109     108,891          –            –            –           –          109,000   July 31, 2061   Note (3)             0.01%
        Tong Chuantao                    109     108,891          –            –            –           –          109,000   July 31, 2062   Note (3)             0.01%
        Fan Guoping                      109     108,891          –            –            –           –          109,000   July 31, 2063   Note (3)             0.01%
        Li Ruixuan                       109     108,891          –            –            –           –          109,000   July 31, 2064   Note (3)             0.01%
        Dai Tian                         109     108,891          –            –            –           –          109,000   July 31, 2065   Note (3)             0.01%
                                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025      51




                                                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT



                                                              Number of Shares underlying the relevant Awards
                                                                                                                                            Approximate
                                Number of Effect on                                                                                           percentage
                               outstanding the Share                                               Outstanding                                      in the
                                     Shares Subdivision  Granted Exercised Cancelled       Lapsed      Awards                                      issued
                             underlying the    and the during the during the during the during the        as at                              Shares as at
                         Awards granted as      global Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting December 31,                      Vesting    December 31,
Name of grantee          at January 1, 2025 offering(2)    Period     Period     Period     Period       2025(2) Date of grant   period              2025


Subtotal of other                  18,460 18,441,540           –            –            –           –    18,460,000 –           –                 1.46%
  employees


Total                              85,166 85,080,834           –            –            –           –    85,166,000 –           –                 6.73%


Notes:

(1)        Mr. Tan is our executive Director and one of our Substantial Shareholders. Dr. Wang is one of our Substantial Shareholders;
           he resigned as our executive Director and CEO with effect from June 19, 2025. Mr. Cai Longjun is our CEO appointed on
           November 18, 2025.

(2)        After the Share Subdivision and the global offering, each such Share was split into 1,000 Shares.
52   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



     (3)     The Awarded Shares granted shall vest in the following manner:

             (i)     30% of such Awarded Shares shall be vested on the date of the first anniversary of the Listing;

             (ii)    30% of such Awarded Shares shall be vested on the date of the second anniversary of the Listing; and

             (iii)   40% of such Awarded Shares shall be vested on the date of the third anniversary of the Listing.

     (4)     During the Reporting Period, Dr. Wang Xiaoyi resigned as executive director, chief executive officer and chief research officer
             of the Group, with effect from June 19, 2025. Dr. Wang Xiaoyi continues to serve as a consultant to the Group and the 26,946
             Awarded Shares granted are not forfeited.

     (5)     Upon cessation of employment of certain previous grantees, the Shares underlying the Awards granted to such grantees have
             been re-allocated to this Selected Employee during the Reporting Period in accordance with the terms of the Pre-IPO Share
             Award Scheme and under the Board’s instructions.


     COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS AND FIVE INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST PAY
     The Directors receive compensation in the form of fees, salaries, bonuses, other allowances, benefits in kind, contribution
     to the pension scheme and other share-based compensation. We determine the compensation of our Directors based
     on each Director’s responsibilities, qualification, position and seniority.


     The emolument of executive Directors, non-executive Directors, independent non-executive Directors and senior
     management of the Group were recommended by the Remuneration Committee and approved by the Board.


     Details of the Directors’ emoluments and emoluments of the five highest paid individuals in the Group are set out in
     Note 12 and Note 13 to the financial statements.


     For the year ended December 31, 2025, no emoluments were paid by the Group to or receivable by any Director or any
     of the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of
     office and no consideration was paid by the Group to any third parties for making available Directors’ services. None
     of the Directors has waived or agreed to waive any emoluments for the year ended December 31, 2025.


     Except as disclosed above, no other payments have been made or are payable, for the year ended December 31, 2025,
     by the Group to or on behalf of any of the Directors.


     CONTRACTS WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS AND PLEDGING OF SHARES BY
     CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
     As at December 31, 2025, (i) there was no pledge of Shares to secure the Company’s debts or to secure guarantees
     or other support of their obligations, (ii) there was no loan agreement with covenants relating to specific performance
     of Controlling Shareholder, and (iii) no contract of significance has been entered into among the Company or any of
     its subsidiaries and the Controlling Shareholders during the year ended December 31, 2025 or subsisted at the end of
     the Reporting Period.


     MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
     No contract, concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
     the Company was entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   53




                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT



MATERIAL LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
The Group was not involved in any material legal proceeding during the Reporting Period.


PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities
during the Reporting Period.


AUDITOR
Since the Listing Date and up to Reporting Period, the auditor of the Company has not changed. The consolidated
financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 have been audited by Messrs. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu,
Certified Public Accountants and Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor, who are proposed for reappointment at the
forthcoming AGM of the Company.


CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE LISTING RULES
Save as disclosed in this annual report, the Company does not have any other disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20,
13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules.


IMPORTANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
On January 23, 2026 (before trading hours), the Company, ZTan Limited (the “Seller”) and Guotai Junan Securities
(Hong Kong) Limited (the “Placing Agent”) entered into a placing and subscription agreement (the “Placing and
Subscription Agreement”). On January 27, 2026, the Company completed the placing of 92,000,000 in accordance
with the terms and conditions of the Placing and Subscription Agreement, where an aggregate of 92,000,000 placing
Shares were successfully placed by the Placing Agent, on a best effort basis, to not less than six (6) placees, at the
placing price of HK$5.6 for each placing Share. On February 5, 2026, as all conditions for the completion of the top-up
subscription had been fulfilled, the Company allotted and issued 92,000,000 top-up subscription Shares to the Seller
at HK$5.6 per top-up subscription Share under general mandate in accordance with the terms and conditions of the
Placing and Subscription Agreement. The newly issued shares represented approximately 7.27% of issued Shares prior
to completion, and approximately 6.77% of issued Shares immediately after completion of the top-up subscription. The
net proceeds from the top-up subscription amounted to approximately HK$500.68 million. For details, please refer to
the announcements of the Company dated January 23, 2026, January 27, 2026, and February 5, 2026.


Save as disclosed above, as of the date of this report, the Group had no significant events after the Reporting Period.
54   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT



     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE GLOBAL OFFERING
     The total net proceeds from the issue of the Company’s shares by the Company in its listing on the Stock Exchange
     amounted to approximately HK$501.3 million, after deducting the underwriting fees and expenses payable by the
     Company in connection with the global offering. There was no change in the intended use of net proceeds as previously
     disclosed in the Prospectus. The net proceeds from the global offering have been and will be utilized in that same
     manner, proportion and the expected timeframe as set out in the Prospectus under the section headed “Future Plans
     and Use of Proceeds”.


     The following table sets forth a summary of the actual use of the net proceeds from the Listing and their expected
     timeframe of full utilization.


                                                                                           Percentage        Net proceeds      Actual utilized       Unutilized              Expected
                                                                                           of the total   from the Global      amounts as of      amount as of         timeframe for
                                                                                          net proceeds            Offering December 31, 2025 December 31, 2025         full utilization
                                                                                                            (HK$ in million)   (HK$ in million)  (HK$ in million)


     Conducting further R&D activities, advancing clinical trials for more indications,         40.0%               200.5             157.59                42.91                  By
       and advancing selling and distribution activities of our Core Product,                                                                                       December 31, 2027
       the System;
     Helping establish new cognitive centers for more hospitals across China                    16.5%                82.7                82.7                  0                   By
       through which hospitals can use our products to diagnose and treat                                                                                           December 31, 2027
       patients with cognitive impairment and/or other disorders;
     Strengthening our capabilities in AI and related technologies;                             15.0%                75.2               71.06                4.14                By
                                                                                                                                                                  December 31, 2026
     Accelerating the research, development and commercialization of other product               5.0%                25.1                6.55               18.55                By
       candidates in and beyond our current product pipeline;                                                                                                     December 31, 2026
     Brain science and DTx research centers in collaboration with academic                      15.0%                75.2               33.13               42.07                By
       institutions and hospitals;                                                                                                                                December 31, 2027
     Working capital and other general corporate purposes                                        8.5%                42.6               34.23                8.37               N/A


     Total                                                                                     100.0%               501.3             385.26              116.04


     The expected timeframe for utilizing the remaining proceeds is based on the best estimation of the future progress of
     business expansion and market conditions made by the Company. It will be subject to change based on the current
     and future development of market conditions.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025   55




                                                                         DIRECTORS’ REPORT



CLOSURE OF REGISTER OF MEMBERS AND RECORD DATE
The register of members of the Company will be closed from Monday, June 15, 2026 to Thursday, June 18, 2026, both
days inclusive, in order to determine the identity of Shareholders who are entitled to attend and vote at the annual
general meeting to be held on Thursday, June 18, 2026. Shareholders whose names appear on the register of members
of the Company on Thursday, June 18, 2026 (the record date) will be entitled to attend and vote at the annual general
meeting. In order to be eligible to attend and vote at the annual general meeting, all transfer documents accompanied
by relevant share certificates must be lodged for registration with the Company’s share registrar in Hong Kong, Tricor
Investor Services Limited, at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong before 4:30 p.m. on Friday,
June 12, 2026.


ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING
The AGM of the Company will be held on Thursday, June 18, 2026. A notice convening the AGM and all other relevant
documents will be published and dispatched to the Shareholders of the Company in the manner required by the Listing
Rules in due course.




By Order of the Board
BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited
Mr. Tan Zheng
Chairman and Executive Director

Hong Kong, April 28, 2026
56   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



     DIRECTORS
     As of the date of this annual report, our Board of Directors comprised seven Directors, including one executive Director,
     three non-executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors.


     Executive Directors
     Mr. Tan Zheng (譚錚), aged 48, was appointed as our Director in April 2023 and the chief strategy officer of our
     Group in December 2020, and was re-designated as the chairman of the Board and our executive Director in July 2023.
     He is also the chairman of Nomination Committee. Mr. Tan joined our Group in December 2020 and was appointed
     as a director of BrainAurora Zhejiang in the same time. Since then, Mr. Tan has made significant contributions to the
     Group’s business development by leveraging on his investment insights and business development capabilities, including
     (i) making judgment calls to screen and seize promising market opportunities relating to the System; (ii) identifying
     pathways for and overseeing the Group’s commercialization initiatives; and (iii) introducing and securing new investments
     in the Group from certain other Pre-IPO Investors.


     Mr. Tan has served managerial positions at our subsidiaries, including those as set out below:


     Name of Company                                              Position                      Period of Service


     Zhejiang Zhiling Ruidong Medical Technology Co., Ltd.        Chairman of the board         Since June 2023
       (浙江智靈睿動醫療科技有限公司)
     Zhejiang BrainAurora Medical Technology Co., Ltd.            Chairman of the board         Since December 2020
       (浙江腦動極光醫療科技有限公司)


     Through working with various pharmaceutical companies, Mr. Tan has over 21 years of experience in health and medical
     field. From June 1998 to June 2004, he worked at Shaanxi Buchang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (陝西步長製藥有限公
     司), a company in China principally engaged in the development and manufacturing of medical drugs, where his last
     position was an office supervisor at their Tianjin office. From June 2004 to January 2013, Mr. Tan served as an office
     supervisor at the Beijing office of Shaanxi Kanghui Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (陝西康惠控股有限公司), a company
     principally engaged in the research, development and production of pharmaceuticals products. Between January 2013
     and August 2015, Mr. Tan worked at Wuhan Heer Medical Technology Development Co., Ltd. (武漢呵爾醫療科技發展
     有限公司), a company in China engaged in, among other things, the development and manufacture of cancer screening
     and analysis systems, first as an office supervisor at the Beijing office and subsequently as a deputy general manager,
     where he was responsible for sales, supervision and management of daily matters. Since September 2015 and March
     2018, Mr. Tan has been serving as a director and the chairman of the board of directors, respectively, of Immunotech
     Applied Science Limited (北京永泰生物製品有限公司), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Immunotech Biopharm Ltd (永泰
     生物製藥有限公司) (“Immunotech”), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 06978.HK). Since August
     2019, Mr. Tan also has been serving as an executive director and the chairman of the board of directors in Immunotech.


     Mr. Tan is currently pursuing an executive master’s degree in business administration from United Business Institutes
     China.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025   57




                              DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Non-executive Directors
Mr. Deng Feng, aged 62, has served as our director since April 2023 and was re-designated as our non-executive
Director on July 30, 2023.


Mr. Deng has over 23 years of experience in venture capital, computer engineering and telecommunication industry.
He founded Northern Light Venture Capital in January 2006 and served as its founding managing partner, focusing on
investment in high technology, internet, consumption and healthcare sectors. He obtained a bachelor’s and a master’s
degree in electronic engineering from Tsinghua University in China in July 1986 and December 1988, respectively, a
master’s degree in computer engineering from the University of Southern California in U.S. in August 1993, and a
master of business administration degree from the Wharton Business School of the University of Pennsylvania in U.S. in
May 2005. Mr. Deng served as a director in New Hope Group (新希望集團有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen
Stock Exchange (stock code: 000876.SZ), from September 2016 to May 2022. Mr. Deng also served as a director in
iRay Technology Company Limited (上海奕瑞光電子科技股份有限公司) from July 2017 to March 2022. Mr. Deng has
been serving as a director in Burning Rock Biotech Ltd., a company listed on Nasdaq (stock ticker: BNR) since August
2016. He also served as a director in Hillstone Network Communication Technology Co. (山石網科通信技術股份有限
公司), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 688030.SH), from December 2018 to January
2022. From August 2018 to June 2022, he served as a director in Cytek Biosciences Inc., a company listed on Nasdaq
(stock ticker: CTKB).


Mr. Yang Fan (楊帆), aged 45, has been appointed as a non-executive Director on April 15, 2026. He graduated
from Carleton University with a bachelor’s degree in economic in 2004 and obtained a master’s degree in business
administration from Cheung Kong Graduate School of Business in 2012. He further obtained an executive master’s
degree of business administration from Guanghua School of Management of Peking University in 2020. Mr Yang
has over 20 years of experience in corporate finance. Since March 2023, he has served as a non-executive director
of Immunotech Biopharm Ltd (stock code: 06978), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. Since
2016, he has held a number of senior management position in Tasly Financial Leasing Co., Ltd* (天士力融資租賃有限
公司) and currently serves as its director and president. From 2014 to 2016, he served as the executive director of the
aviation investment division of China Minsheng Investment Co., Ltd.* (中國民生投資股份有限公司) and the director of
CM Luxembourg Investment S.A. Prior to that, Mr Yang has held various senior and managerial positions in a number
of financial leasing corporation and financial institutions.


Ms. Wang Jingbo (王晶菠), aged 42, has been appointed as a non-executive Director on April 15, 2026. She has
over 20 years of extensive experience in the field of sales management, with a long-term focus on pharmaceutical
marketing and team management. She obtained a master’s degree in applied psychology and management from the
Brest Business School in 2021. Ms. Wang joined Xi’an Xingye Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd (西安興業醫藥有限公司) in 2006,
and has successively served as a sales representative, sales manager, and sales director of the northern China region.
Since 2020, she has been the deputy general manager of sales of Xi’an Xingye Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd (西安興業醫
藥有限公司).
58   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Lam Yiu Por (林曉波), aged 49, has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director on the Listing
     Date. He is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent advice on the operations and management
     of the Group. He is also the chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee and
     Nomination Committee.


     Mr. Lam has been serving as an independent non-executive director in JNBY Design Limited (江南布衣有限公司),
     a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 03306.HK) since October 13, 2016, and an independent
     non-executive director in Xiamen Yan Palace Bird’s Nest Industry Co., Ltd. (廈門燕之屋燕窩產業股份有限公司), a
     company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 01497.HK), since November 20, 2023. He has also been serving
     as an independent non-executive director of Herbs Generation Group Holdings Limited (草姬集團控股有限公司), a
     company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 02593.HK), since December 19, 2024. Since January 2021, Mr. Lam
     has been serving as the chief financial officer and joint company secretary of Dingdang Health Technology Group Ltd.
     (叮噹健康科技集團有限公司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 09886.HK). He served as the vice
     president and chief financial officer of Greentech Technology International Limited (綠科科技國際有限公司), a company
     listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 00195.HK), from November 2013 to July 2020. He served as an independent
     non-executive director of Tian Ge Interactive Holdings Limited (天鴿互動控股有限公司), a company listed on the Stock
     Exchange (stock code: 01980.HK), from January 2021 to June 2022. From December 2014 to March 2016, Mr. Lam
     served as an independent non-executive director of Yat Sing Holdings Limited (日成控股有限公司), a company listed
     on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 03708.HK, currently known as China Supply Chain Holdings Limited (中國供應鏈
     產業集團有限公司)). From April 2015 to May 2017, Mr. Lam served as a non-executive director of Zhong Ao Home
     Group Limited (中奧到家集團有限公司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 01538.HK). From October
     2015 to June 2020, Mr. Lam served as an independent non-executive director of Denox Environmental & Technology
     Holdings Limited (迪諾斯環保科技控股有限公司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 01452.HK). From
     November 2016 to November 2018, Mr. Lam served as an independent non-executive director of China Tontine Wines
     Group Limited (中國通天酒業集團有限公司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 00389.HK). From
     June 2012 to February 2014, he was an independent non-executive director and chairman of the audit committee of
     GR Properties Limited (國銳地產有限公司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 00108.HK, formerly
     known as Buildmore International Limited). Mr. Lam also served as the chief financial officer and company secretary
     of Lijun International Pharmaceutical (Holding) Co., Ltd. (利君國際醫藥(控股)有限公司) (currently known as SSY Group
     Limited (石四藥集團有限公司)), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2005) from December 2005 to
     May 2008 and the chief financial officer and qualified accountant of Zhongtian International Holdings Limited (中天
     國際控股有限公司) (currently known as China Clean Energy Technology Group Limited (中國清潔能源科技集團有限公
     司)), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2379) from July 2004 to December 2005.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   59




                              DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Mr. Lam received his bachelor’s degree of arts in accountancy from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University (香港理工大
學) in November 1997. Mr. Lam is a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, an associate of
The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute (formerly known as The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries),
a chartered financial analyst of the CFA Institute, and a fellow of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants.


Dr. Duan Tao (段濤), aged 62, has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director on the Listing Date. He
is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent advice on the operations and management of the
Group. He is also a member of the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee.


Since August 2000, Dr. Duan has been serving as the vice president and then the president Shanghai First Maternity
and Infant Health Hospital of Tongji University (同濟大學附屬上海市第一婦嬰保健院). Dr. Duan has served as the
project leader of the National Key Research and Development Program (國家重點研發計劃項目負責人) from July 2018
to December 2020 for “Research and Development of New Technologies for Intrauterine Diagnosis and Treatment
of Major Fetal Diseases (重大胎兒疾病宮內診斷和治療新技術研發).” He has been awarded as the Shanghai Excellent
Discipline Leader (上海市優秀學術帶頭人) for the year of 2014 and Shanghai Medical Leader (上海市醫學領軍人才) for
the year of 2015.


Dr. Duan graduated from Shandong Medical University (山東醫科大學, currently known as Shandong University Cheeloo
College of Medicine (山東大學齊魯醫學院)) and majored in medicine in China in July 1987. He obtained a doctor’s
degree of medicine in Shanghai Medical University (上海醫科大學) (currently known as Shanghai Medical College of
Fudan University (復旦大學上海醫學院)) in China in July 1992.


Mr. Tu Lei (涂雷), aged 44, has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director in November 2025. He is
primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent advice on the operations and management of the Group.
He is also the chairman of Remuneration Committee, and a member of Audit Committee and Nomination Committee.


Mr. Tu has ample experience in corporate finance and corporate management. He worked at various branches of
Standard Chartered Bank under Standard Chartered PLC, a company listed on the London Stock Exchange (stock
code: STAN) and the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2888), from April 2005 to September 2016, where he successively
held roles including associate, associate director, director and executive director. From September 2016 to July 2023,
he continued his career at different branches of Credit Suisse Group AG, where he successively worked as managing
director, head of structuring of Greater China of APAC financing group and head of APAC financing group of North
Asia at Credit Suisse (Hong Kong) Limited; chief executive officer and member of the board at Credit Suisse Securities
(China) Limited; and managing director and co-head and head of APAC financing group at Credit Suisse (Hong Kong)
Limited. From July 2023 to September 2025, Mr. Tu served as managing director and head of APAC corporate book
of global lending unit at UBS Group. Mr. Tu obtained his bachelor’s degrees in computer science and economics from
Truman State University in the United States in December 2004.
60   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



     SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Mr. Tan Zheng (譚錚) aged 48, is the chairman of the Board, executive Director and chief strategy officer. For details
     of his biography, see subsection headed “－Directors － Executive Directors” above.


     Mr. Cai Longjun (蔡龍軍), aged 42, was appointed as our chief technology officer and chief operating officer in January
     2022 and was appointed as chief executive officer on November 18, 2025. He currently serves as a senior engineer of
     Beijing Zhijingling Technology Co., Ltd. (北京智精靈科技有限公司), a subsidiary of the Company. Mr. Cai is responsible
     for R&D of product and technology, overall operations, policies and business of the Group.


     Mr. Cai has approximately 15 years of experience in computer science. Mr. Cai has served as the software developer
     in International Commercial Machine (China) Investment Co., Ltd. (國際商業機器(中國)投資有限公司), the subsidiary of
     International Business Machines Corporation, a company listed on Nasdaq (stock ticker: IBM) from July 2008 to October
     2012. From September 2012 to October 2016, he served as a scientist in Beijing Qiyi Century Technology Co., Ltd. (
     北京奇藝世紀科技有限公司), the subsidiary of iQIYI, Inc., a company listed on Nasdaq (stock ticker: IQ). From February
     2017 to January 2022, he served as a senior algorithm expert in the branch of Youku Network Technology (Beijing)
     Co., Ltd. (優酷網絡技術(北京)有限公司), the subsidiary of Alibaba Group Holding Limited, a company listed on the Stock
     Exchange (stock code: 09988.HK) and the Nasdaq (stock ticker: BABA).


     The above various managerial and technical roles which Mr. Cai has assumed in such major international internet
     companies provide him the skills, experience and expertise in the files of big data, algorithms, internet technologies,
     and project development. These are transferable and necessary to him discharging the roles as our chief technology
     officer and chief operating officer which, among others, require him to have acquired deep insights and necessary
     technological know-hows in the DTx industry that heavily involves the above-mentioned technologies as well.


     Mr. Cai obtained a bachelor’s degree in Beijing Jiaotong University (北京交通大學) in China in July 2006 and also a
     master’s degree in Beijing Jiaotong University in June 2008.


     Mr. Wang Junjie (王俊傑), aged 39, was appointed as our financial director in September 2021. Mr. Wang is responsible
     for overseeing the financial affairs of the Group.


     Mr. Wang has over 10 years of experience in finance and investment. He served as an auditor and senior auditor from
     October 2009 to May 2012 and an audit manager, from February 2014 to February 2017 in Beijing branch of Deloitte
     Touche Tohmatsu. From November 2012 to February 2014, he served as an investment manager in Beijing Xingliancheng
     Investment Management Co. Ltd. (北京星聯程投資管理有限公司). Mr. Wang also served as the financial director in
     Beijing YingYan Network Technology Co. Ltd. (北京盈衍網絡科技有限公司), from March 2017 to August 2018. From
     November 2019 to March 2020, Mr. Wang served as the head of internal audit in China Submarine Co., Ltd. (中潛
     股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 300526.SZ) previously and delisted in
     July 2023. He also served as the financial director in Beijing Jing Shi Hongru Education Technology Co., Ltd. (北京京師
     鴻儒教育科技有限公司), from May 2020 to August 2021. Mr. Wang has also served as an independent non-executive
     director of Shandong Hongqiao Aluminum Industry Holding Co., Ltd. (山東宏橋鋁業控股股份有限公司), a company
     listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 002379.SZ), since January 2026.


     Mr. Wang obtained a bachelor’s degree in management from Peking University (北京大學) in China, in July 2009. He
     is also a member of non-practicing certified public accountants in China (中國非執業註冊會計師).
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   61




                               DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT



Mr. Lai Zhiyuan (賴知遠), aged 42, was appointed as our vice president of market and operation in October 2021.
He is responsible for management of sales and customer service, and daily operation.


Mr. Lai served as the general manager of business affairs department in Beijing Chunyu Tianxia Software Co., Ltd. (北
京春雨天下軟件有限公司), from February 2014 to June 2017. He also served as senior vice president in Dingdang Fast
Medicine Technology Group Co., Ltd. (叮噹快藥科技集團有限公司), from May 2017 to May 2018. From June 2018
to June 2019, he served as general manager of health management center in Ransheng Health Industry Investment
Co. Ltd. (冉盛健康產業投資有限公司). Mr. Lai also served as the joint founder and general manager in Jiangsu Xijie
Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (江蘇稀捷生物科技有限公司), from August 2019 to September 2021.


Mr. Lai obtained a bachelor’s degree in acupuncture in Chinese medicine from Fujian College of Traditional Chinese
Medicine (福建中醫學院) (currently known as Fujian University of Traditional Chinese Medicine (福建中醫藥大學)) in
China, in July 2007.


JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Mr. Wang Junjie (王俊傑) was appointed as a joint company secretary of our Company on July 30, 2023. For details
of his biography, see subsection headed “Senior Management” above.


Ms. Sham Ying Man (岑影文) was appointed as a joint company secretary of our Company on July 30, 2023. Ms.
Sham is a senior manager of Company Secretarial Services of Tricor Services Limited, a member of Vistra Group. She
has over 25 years of experience in the corporate secretarial field.


Ms. Sham obtained a bachelor’s degree of business administration from Lingnan College (now known as Lingnan
University). She is a Chartered Secretary, a Chartered Governance Professional and an associate of both The Hong
Kong Chartered Governance Institute and The Chartered Governance Institute in the United Kingdom, respectively.


CHANGES TO DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION
Save as disclosed in this annual report, since the Listing Date up to the Latest Practicable Date, there has been no change
to the information of the Directors which is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.
62   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     The Board is pleased to report to the Shareholders on the corporate governance of the Company for the year ended
     December 31, 2025.


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CULTURE AND VALUE
     The Company is committed to ensuring that its affairs are conducted in accordance with high ethical standards. This
     reflects its belief that, in the achievement of its long-term objectives, it is imperative to act with probity, transparency
     and accountability. By so acting, the Company believes that Shareholder wealth will be maximised in the long term
     and that its employees, those with whom it does business and the communities in which it operates will all benefit.


     Corporate governance is the process by which the Board instructs management of the Group to conduct its affairs with
     a view to ensuring that its objectives are met. The Board is committed to maintaining and developing robust corporate
     governance practices that are intended to ensure:


     –       satisfactory and sustainable returns to Shareholders;


     –       that the interests of those who deal with the Company are safeguarded;


     –       that overall business risk is understood and managed appropriately;


     –       the delivery of high-quality products and services to the satisfaction of customers; and


     –       that high standards of ethics are maintained.


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
     The Board is committed to achieving high corporate governance standards.

     The Board believes that high corporate governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the Company
     to safeguard the interests of Shareholders, enhance corporate value, formulate its business strategies and policies, and
     enhance its transparency and accountability.


     The Company has adopted the principles and code provisions in Part 2 of the CG Code as the basis of the Company’s
     corporate governance practices.


     The Board is of the view that the Company has complied with all applicable code provisions as set out in Part 2 of the
     CG Code throughout the period from the Listing Date and up to December 31, 2025.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   63




                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out in
Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules (the “Model Code”) as its own code of conduct regarding the transactions of
securities of the Company by the Directors and the relevant employees who would likely possess inside information
of the Company.


Specific enquiry has been made of all the Directors and all of them have confirmed that they have complied with the
Model Code throughout the period from the Listing Date and up to December 31, 2025. No incident of non-compliance
of the Model Code by the employees was identified by the Company since the Listing Date and up to December 31,
2025.


BOARD OF DIRECTORS
The Company is headed by an effective Board which assumes responsibility for its leadership and control and be
collectively responsible for promoting the Company’s success by directing and supervising the Company’s affairs.
Directors take decisions objectively in the best interests of the Company.


The Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the
Company’s business and regularly reviews the contribution required from a Director to perform his/her responsibilities to
the Company and whether the Director is spending sufficient time performing them that are commensurate with their
role and the Board responsibilities. The Board includes a balanced composition of executive Directors and non-executive
Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) so that there is a strong independent element on the Board,
which can effectively exercise independent judgement.


The Directors have agreed to disclose to the Company in a timely manner for any changes of the number and nature
of offices held in public companies or organizations and other significant commitments, as well as the identity of such
public companies or organizations and an indication of the time involved, as required by the code provision under the
CG Code.


Board Composition
The Board currently comprises the following Directors:


Executive Directors
Mr. Tan Zheng (Chairman of the Board and chief strategy officer)
Dr. Wang Xiaoyi (resigned with effect from June 19, 2025)


Non-executive Directors
Mr. Li Sirui (resigned with effect from April 15, 2026)
Ms. Li Mingqiu (resigned with effect from April 15, 2026)
Mr. Deng Feng
Mr. Yang Fan (appointed on April 15, 2026)
Ms. Wang Jingbo (appointed on April 15, 2026)
64   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Lam Yiu Por
     Dr. Duan Tao
     Mr. Tu Lei (appointed on November 18, 2025)
     Mr. Li Yuezhong (resigned with effect from November 18, 2025)


     Mr. Tu Lei (appointed as an independent non-executive Director on November 18, 2025) has confirmed he obtained the
     legal advice referred to in Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules from Davis Polk & Wardwell as regards the requirements under
     the Listing Rules that are applicable to him as a director of a listed issuer and the possible consequences of making a
     false declaration or giving false information to the Stock Exchange on November 18, 2025, and he has confirmed he
     understood his obligations as a director of a listed issuer under the Listing Rules.


     The biographical information of the Directors is set out in the section headed “Biographies of Directors and Senior
     Management” of this Annual Report. The relationships between the Directors are disclosed in the respective Director’s
     biography under the section “Biographies of Directors and Senior Management” of this Annual Report. Save as disclosed
     above, there is no relationships (including financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationship(s)) between
     the Board members.


     Board Meetings and Attendance Records of Directors and Committee Members
     Regular Board meetings should be held at least four times a year involving active participation, either in person or
     through electronic means of communication, of a majority of Directors.


     The agenda and accompanying Board papers are dispatched at least three days before the intended Board meetings
     or Board committee meetings to ensure that the Directors have sufficient time to review the papers and be adequately
     prepared for the meetings. When Directors or committee members are unable to attend a meeting, they will be advised
     of the matters to be discussed and given an opportunity to make their views known to the Chairman prior to the
     meeting.


     Minutes of Board meetings and Board committee meetings are maintained by our company secretary and are open
     for inspection at any reasonable time on reasonable notice by all Directors. Minutes of the Board meetings and Board
     committee meetings are recorded in sufficient detail on the matters considered by the Board and the Board committees
     and the decisions reached, including any concerns raised by the Directors or dissenting views expressed. Draft and
     final versions of these meeting minutes have been and will be sent to all Directors for their comments and records
     respectively, within a reasonable time after the Board meeting is held.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025   65




                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



During the period from the Listing Date to December 31, 2025, the Company held five Board meetings and one general
meetings.


Attendance records of the Directors at Board meetings, Board committee meetings and the annual general meeting
are set out in the table below:


                                                                     Number of attendance/Number of meetings held
                                                                           Annual
                                                              Board       General          Audit Remuneration     Nomination
Name of Directors                                           Meetings      Meeting      Committee     Committee     Committee


EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Tan Zheng
  (Chairman of the Board and chief strategy officer)             5/5           1/1             –             –            4/4
Dr. Wang Xiaoyi
  (resigned with effect from June 19, 2025)                      2/2           1/1             –             –              –


NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Li Sirui (resigned with effect from April 15, 2026)          5/5           1/1             –             –              –
Ms. Li Mingqiu (resigned with effect from April 15, 2026)        5/5           1/1             –             –            N/A
Mr. Deng Feng                                                    5/5           1/1             –             –              –
Mr. Yang Fan (appointed on April 15, 2026)                       N/A           N/A           N/A           N/A            N/A
Ms. Wang Jingbo (appointed on April 15, 2026)                    N/A           N/A           N/A           N/A            N/A


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. Lam Yiu Por                                                  5/5           1/1           4/4           4/4            N/A
Dr. Duan Tao                                                     5/5           1/1           4/4           4/4            4/4
Mr. Tu Lei (appointed on November 18, 2025)                      N/A           N/A           N/A           N/A            N/A
Mr. Li Yuezhong
  (resigned with effect from November 18, 2025)                  5/5           1/1           4/4           4/4            4/4


Responsibilities, Accountabilities and Contributions of the Board and Management
The Board should assume responsibility for leadership and control of the Company; and is collectively responsible for
directing and supervising the Company’s affairs.


The Board directly, and indirectly through its committees, leads and provides direction to management by laying down
strategies and overseeing their implementation, monitors the Group’s operational and financial performance, approves
and monitors all notifiable and connected transactions of the Group in accordance with the Listing Rules, and ensures
that sound internal control and risk management systems are in place.
66   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     All Directors, including non-executive Director and independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum
     of valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective functioning.
     The independent non-executive Directors are responsible for ensuring a high standard of regulatory reporting of the
     Company and providing a balance in the Board for bringing effective independent judgment on corporate actions and
     operations.


     All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company and may, upon request, seek independent
     professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses for discharging their duties to the
     Company.


     The Directors shall disclose to the Company details of other offices held by them.


     The Board reserves for its decision all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and budgets, internal control
     and risk management, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial
     information, appointment of directors and other significant operational matters of the Company. Responsibilities
     relating to implementing decisions of the Board, directing and coordinating the daily operation and management of
     the Company are delegated to the management.


     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
     The positions of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are held by Mr. Tan Zheng and Mr. Cai Longjun respectively. The
     Chairman provides leadership and is responsible for the effective functioning and leadership of the Board. The Chief
     Executive Officer focuses on the Company’s business development and daily management and operations generally.


     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Throughout the period from the Listing Date to December 31, 2025, the Board has met the requirements of the
     Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors representing one-third
     of the Board with one of whom possessing appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial
     management expertise.


     The Company has received written annual confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors in
     respect of his/her independence in accordance with the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing
     Rules. The Company is of the view that all independent non-executive Directors are independent in accordance with
     the independence requirement set out in the Listing Rules.


     The Company has established channels through formal and informal means whereby independent non-executive
     Directors can express their views in an open and candid manner. These include periodic Board reviews, dedicated
     annual meeting sections with the Chairman and interaction with management and other Board members including the
     Chairman outside the boardroom. The Board will review the implementation and effectiveness of the abovementioned
     mechanism on an annual basis to ensure that independent views and input are available to the Board.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   67




                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Board Independence Evaluation
The combination of executive Director and non-executive Directors in the Board is balanced, so that the Board of
Directors maintains independence and can make effective independent judgments.


Meanwhile, to ensure the fairness and transparency of decision-making of the Board, when there is a Director who
is connected to companies involved in a resolution of the Board meeting and has a material interest in a resolution
or there are other abstention circumstances stipulated by laws, such Director shall take the initiative to abstain from
voting on the resolution and shall not exercise the voting rights on behalf of other Directors. When calculating the
quorum of Directors present at the meeting, such Director shall not be counted. The fairness and legality of resolution
is so guaranteed. Implementation of such measures may help to maintain the authority and credibility of the Board and
promote the healthy development of the Group.


The Company has established a Board Independence Evaluation Mechanism which sets out the processes and procedures
to ensure a strong independent element on the Board, which allows the Board effectively exercises independent
judgment to better safeguard Shareholders’ interests.


The objectives of the evaluation are to improve Board effectiveness, maximize strengths, and identify the areas that
need improvement or further development. The evaluation process also clarifies what actions of the Company need to
be taken to maintain and improve the Board performance, for instance, addressing individual training and development
needs of each Director.


Pursuant to the Board Independence Evaluation Mechanism, the Board will conduct annual review on its independence.
The Board Independence Evaluation Report will be presented to the Board which will collectively discuss the results and
the action plan for improvement, if appropriate.


The implementation and effectiveness of the Board Independence Evaluation Mechanism will be reviewed by the Board
on an annual basis.


Appointment and Re-election of Directors
All Directors are appointed for an initial term of three years from the Listing Date, subject to renewal after the expiry
of the then current term.


All the Directors are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at the annual general meetings. Under the Articles
of Association, at each annual general meeting, one-third of the Directors for the time being, or, if their number is
not three of a multiple of three, the number nearest to but not less than one-third shall retire from office by rotation
provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement at an annual general meeting by rotation at least once every
three years. The Company’s Articles of Association also provides that all Directors appointed to fill a casual vacancy
or as an addition Director shall hold office only until the first annual general meeting after appointment. The retiring
Directors shall be eligible for re-election.


The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are set out in the Articles of
Association. The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the Board’s composition, and for making
recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession planning for Directors.
68   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     Continuous Professional Development of Directors
     Directors shall keep abreast of regulatory developments and changes in order to effectively perform their responsibilities
     and to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant. The Company has updated all Directors
     on any material changes in the Listing Rules and corporate governance practices from time to time.

     Every newly appointed Director will receive formal, comprehensive and tailored induction on the first occasion of his/her
     appointment to ensure appropriate understanding of the business and operations of the Company and full awareness
     of Director’s responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements. Such induction
     shall be supplemented by visits to the Company’s key plant sites and meetings with senior management of the Company.

     Directors should participate in appropriate continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge
     and skills. The Group would organize seminars regularly to provide Directors with the latest development and changes
     of Listing Rules and other relevant laws and regulations in a timely manner. Internally facilitated briefings for Directors
     would be arranged and reading material on relevant topics would be provided to Directors where appropriate. All
     Directors are encouraged to attend relevant training courses at the Company’s expenses.

     During the period from the Listing Date to December 31, 2025, all Directors attended training sessions on the respective
     obligations of the Directors and senior management. In addition, relevant reading materials including legal and regulatory
     update have been provided to the Directors for their reference and studying. The record of continuous professional
     development relating to director’s duties and regulatory and business development that have been received by the
     Directors during the period from the Listing Date to December 31, 2025 is summarized as follows:

     Directors                                                                                     Types of training (1)


     Executive Directors
     Mr. Tan Zheng (Chairman of the Board and chief strategy officer)                              A, B and C
     Dr. Wang Xiaoyi (resigned with effect from June 19, 2025)                                     A, B and C

     Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Li Sirui (resigned with effect from April 15, 2026)                                       A, B and C
     Ms. Li Mingqiu (resigned with effect from April 15, 2026)                                     A, B and C
     Mr. Deng Feng                                                                                 A, B and C
     Mr. Yang Fan(2) (appointed on April 15, 2026)                                                 N/A
     Ms. Wang Jingbo(2) (appointed on April 15, 2026)                                              N/A

     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Lam Yiu Por                                                                               A, B and C
     Dr. Duan Tao                                                                                  A, B and C
     Mr. Tu Lei (appointed on November 18, 2025)                                                   A, B and C
     Mr. Li Yuezhong (resigned with effect from November 18, 2025)                                 A, B and C

     (1):

     A:      Read relevant news alerts, newspapers, journals, magazines and other publications.

     B:      Obtained learning resources through the Internet.

     C:      Attended training sessions, including but not limited to briefings, seminars and conferences.

     (2)     This director was only appointed after December 31, 2025 and hence did not attend the above training during the period
             from the Listing Date to December 31, 2025.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   69




                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



BOARD COMMITTEES
The Board has established three committees, namely, the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination
Committee for overseeing particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. All Board committees of the Company are
established with specific written terms of reference which deal clearly with their authority and duties. The terms of
reference of the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee are posted on the websites
of the Company and the Stock Exchange and are available to Shareholders upon request.


Audit Committee
We have established an audit committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing
Rules and the CG Code set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules.


The Audit Committee consists of three members, namely Mr. Lam Yiu Por, Dr. Duan Tao and Mr. Tu Lei. Mr. Lam Yiu
Por is the chairperson of the Audit Committee who has appropriate related financial management expertise as required
under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the Listing Rules.


The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are of no less exacting terms than those set out in the CG Code. The
main duties of the Audit Committee are to assist the Board in reviewing the Company’s financial information and
reporting process, risk management and internal control systems, effectiveness of the internal audit function, scope of
audit and appointment of external auditors, and arrangements to enable employees of the Company to raise concerns
about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters of the Company.


During the period from the Listing Date to December 31, 2025, the Audit Committee held four meetings, with major
works including: (i) reviewed with the financial personnel and the external auditor the effectiveness of audit process
and the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group, and the annual results and report for the financial
year ended December 31, 2024 and the interim results and report for the six months ended June 30, 2025; (ii) reviewed
and discussed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control systems and internal audit function of the
Group and arrangements for employee to raise concerns about possible improprieties; (iii) recommended to the Board
on the re-appointment of external auditor at the annual general meeting held on June 19, 2025 (“2025 AGM”); (iv)
reviewed the Enhanced RM and IC Policies and Procedures and related works; and (v) approved the audit plan for the
Reporting Period, reviewed the independence of the external auditor and approved its engagement.


During the period from the Listing Date to December 31, 2025, the Audit Committee also met twice with the
independent auditor in the absence of the executive Directors.


Remuneration Committee
We have established a remuneration committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.25 of the
Listing Rules and the CG Code set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules.


The Remuneration Committee consists of three members, namely Mr. Lam Yiu Por, Dr. Duan Tao and Mr. Tu Lei. Mr.
Tu Lei is the chairperson of the Remuneration Committee.
70   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are of no less exacting terms than those set out in the CG
     Code. The primary functions of the Remuneration Committee include making recommendations to the Board on the
     remuneration packages of individual executive and non-executive Directors and senior management, the remuneration
     policy and structure for all Directors and senior management; and establishing transparent procedures for developing
     such remuneration policy and structure to ensure that no Director or any of his/her associates will participate in deciding
     his/her own remuneration as well as reviewing and/or approving matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17
     of the Listing Rules.


     During the period from the Listing Date to December 31, 2025, the Nomination Committee held four meetings, with
     major works including: (i) reviewed the Director’s fee and made recommendation to the Board; (ii) reviewed the current
     remuneration policy and structure structure and package of the Directors and recommended the Board approve their
     specific packages; (iii) recommended to the Board the remuneration package for the Chief Executive Officer appointed
     during the Reporting Period; (iv) key terms of the new letter of appointment entered with the new independent
     non-executive Director; and (v) matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.


     Pursuant to code provision in Part 2 of the CG Code, details of the remuneration of the senior management (including
     one executive Director), whose biographical details are included in section headed “Biographies of Directors and Senior
     Management” of this Annual Report by bands for the Reporting Period is set out below:


                                                                                                                  Number of
     Remuneration level (RMB)                                                                                     employees


     500,001 to 1,000,000                                                                                                    2
     1,000,001 to 1,500,000                                                                                                  1
     1,500,001 to 15,000,000                                                                                                 1


     The Company’s remuneration policy is to ensure that the remuneration offered to employees, including Directors
     and senior management, is based on skill, knowledge, responsibilities and involvement in the Company’s affairs. The
     remuneration packages of Directors are also determined with reference to the relevant Director’s experience and
     qualifications, level of responsibility, performance and the time devoted to our business, and the prevailing market
     conditions.


     Nomination Committee
     We have established a nomination committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.27A of the
     Listing Rules and the CG Code set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules.


     The Nomination Committee consists of five members, namely Mr. Tan Zheng, Ms. Wang Jingbo, Mr. Lam Yiu Por, Dr.
     Duan Tao and Mr. Tu Lei. Mr. Tan Zheng is the chairperson of the Nomination Committee.


     The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are of no less exacting terms than those set out in the CG Code.


     The principal duties of the Nomination Committee include reviewing the Board composition, developing and formulating
     relevant procedures for the nomination and appointment of Directors, making recommendations to the Board on the
     appointment and succession planning of Directors, reviewing the Board Diversity Policy and assessing the independence
     of Independent Non-executive Directors.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   71




                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



In assessing the Board composition, the Nomination Committee would take into account various aspects as well as
factors concerning Board diversity as set out in the Company’s Board Diversity Policy. The Nomination Committee would
discuss and agree on measurable objectives for achieving diversity on the Board, where necessary, and recommend
them to the Board for adoption.


In identifying and selecting suitable candidates for directorships, the Nomination Committee would consider the
candidate’s relevant criteria as set out in the Director Nomination Policy that are necessary to complement the corporate
strategy and achieve Board diversity, where appropriate, before making recommendation to the Board.


During the period from the Listing Date to December 31, 2025, the Nomination Committee held four meetings, with
major works including: (i) reviewed the structure, size and composition of the Board and the independence of the
independent non-executive Directors; (ii) considered the qualifications of the retiring Directors standing for re-election
at the Annual General Meeting; (iii) reviewed the Board Diversity Policy and Director Nomination Policy.


Board Diversity Policy
The Company has adopted a Board Diversity Policy which sets out the approach to achieve and maintain diversity of
the Board in order to enhance the effectiveness of the Board. The Company recognizes and embraces the benefits
of having a diverse Board and sees increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element in maintaining the
Company’s competitive advantage.


Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, the Nomination Committee reviews regularly the structure, size and composition
of the Board and where appropriate, make recommendations on changes to the Board to complement the Company’s
corporate strategy and to ensure that the Board maintains a balanced diverse profile. In relation to reviewing and
assessing the Board composition, the Nomination Committee is committed to diversity at all levels and will consider
a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional
qualifications, skills, knowledge and regional and industry experience.


The Company recognize the particular importance of gender diversity. The Board currently comprises nine Directors,
including two female Directors. The Company have taken and will continue to take steps to promote and enhance gender
diversity at all levels of the Company, including but without limitation at the Board and senior management levels. The
Board Diversity Policy provides that the Board shall take opportunities when selecting and making recommendations on
suitable candidates for the Board appointments with the aim to maintain the proportion of female members after Listing.
The Company will also ensure that there is gender diversity when recruiting staff at mid to senior level, as well as engage
more resources in training more female staff with the aim of providing a pipeline of female senior management and
potential successors to our Board going forward. It is the Company’s objective to maintain an appropriate balance of
gender diversity with reference to the stakeholders’ expectation and international and local recommended best practices.


The Company aims to maintain an appropriate balance of diversity perspectives that are relevant to the Company’s
business growth and is also committed to ensuring that recruitment and selection practices at all levels (from the Board
downwards) are appropriately structured so that a diverse range of candidates are considered.


The Nomination Committee and the Board considered that the current composition of Board is sufficiently diverse and
the Board has not set any measurable objectives.


The Nomination Committee will review the Board Diversity Policy, as appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness.
72   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     The following chart shows the diversity profile of the Board as at December 31, 2025:

           Number of Directors

             7
                                                                                                    Insurance           4-6 years
             6      Independent                        55-64
                        Non-                                                                    Accounting
                     executive
             5
                      directors
                                                                                                                        2-4 years
             4                                Male     45-54
                                                                        Chinese                 Investment
             3          Non-
                      executive
             2        directors
                                                       35-44                                                            less than
                                                                                                    Health and
                                                                                                                         2 years
             1                                                                                       Medical
                      Executive
                                              Female
                       director
             0
                                                                                                         nce
                                                                                                     rie
                                                                                                xpe
                                                                                         s  e/E
                                                                                     erti
                                                                               E  xp


     Gender Diversity
     The Company values gender diversity across all levels of the Group. The following table sets out the gender ratio in the
     workforce of the Group, including the Board and senior management as at the date of this report:

                                                                                                               Female                 Male


     Board                                                                                                     14.29%               85.71%
     Senior Management (as listed in the “Directors and Senior Management”
       section)                                                                                                   0%                 100%
     Other employees                                                                                             51%                  49%
     Overall workforce                                                                                           52%                  48%


     The Board considers that the above current gender diversity is satisfactory.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   73




                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Director Nomination Policy
The Board has adopted a Director Nomination Policy which sets out selection criteria and nomination process and the
Board succession planning considerations in relation to nomination and appointment of Directors of the Company
and aims to ensure that the Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the
Company and the continuity of the Board and appropriate leadership at Board level.


The nomination process set out in the Director Nomination Policy is as follows:


Appointment of New Director
(i)  The Nomination Committee and/or the Board may select candidates for directorship from various channels,
     including but not limited to internal promotion, re-designation, referral by other member of the management
     and external recruitment agents.


(ii)    The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should, upon receipt of the proposal on appointment of new
        Director and the biographical information (or relevant details) of the candidate, evaluate such candidate based
        on the criteria as set out above to determine whether such candidate is qualified for directorship.


(iii)   If the process yields one or more desirable candidates, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should rank
        them by order of preference based on the needs of the Company and reference check of each candidate (where
        applicable).


(iv)    The Nomination Committee should then recommend to the Board to appoint the appropriate candidate for
        directorship, as applicable.
74   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     (v)     For any person that is nominated by a Shareholder for election as a Director at the general meeting of the
             Company, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should evaluate such candidate based on the criteria as
             set out above to determine whether such candidate is qualified for directorship.


     Where appropriate, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should make recommendation to Shareholders in
     respect of the proposed election of Director at the general meeting.


     Re-election of Director at General Meeting
     (i)   The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should review the overall contribution and service to the Company
           of the retiring Director and the level of participation and performance on the Board.


     (ii)    The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should also review and determine whether the retiring Director
             continues to meet the criteria as set out above.


     (iii)   The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should then make recommendation to Shareholders in respect of
             the proposed re-election of Director at the general meeting.


     Where the Board proposes a resolution to elect or re-elect a candidate as Director at the general meeting, the relevant
     information of the candidate will be disclosed in the circular to Shareholders and/or explanatory statement accompanying
     the notice of the relevant general meeting in accordance with the Listing Rules and/or applicable laws and regulations.


     The Director Nomination Policy sets out the criteria for assessing the suitability and the potential contribution to the
     Board of a proposed candidate, including but not limited to the following:


     •       Character and integrity;


     •       Qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience that are relevant to the
             Company’s business and corporate strategy;


     •       Diversity in all aspects, including but not limited to gender, age (18 years or above), cultural and educational
             background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service;


     •       Requirements of Independent Non-executive Directors on the Board and independence of the proposed
             Independent Non-executive Directors in accordance with the Listing Rules; and


     •       Commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest to discharge duties as a member of the Board
             and/or Board committee(s) of the Company


     Throughout the period from the Listing Date to December 31, 2025, the Nomination Committee recommended to the
     Board the appointment of a new independent non-executive Director, namely Mr. Tu Lei. The appointment were subject
     to a stringent nomination process in accordance with the Director Nomination Policy and the Board Diversity Policy, to
     ensure the Board possesses the necessary skills, experience and knowledge in alignment with the Company’s strategy.


     The Nomination Committee will review the Director Nomination Policy, as appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025   75




                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



Corporate Governance Functions
The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in the code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code.


The Board had reviewed the Company’s corporate governance policies and practices, training and continuous
professional development of Directors and senior management, the Company’s policies and practices on compliance
with legal and regulatory requirements, the compliance of the Model Code, and the Company’s compliance with the
CG Code and disclosure in this Corporate Governance Report.


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS
The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the risk management and internal control systems and reviewing their
effectiveness. Such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business
objectives, and can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.


The Board has the overall responsibility for evaluating and determining the nature and extent of the risks it is willing
to take in achieving the Group’s strategic objectives, and establishing and maintaining appropriate and effective risk
management and internal control systems.


The Audit Committee assists the Board in leading the management and overseeing the design, implementation and
monitoring of the risk management and internal control systems.


The Company have devoted to establishing and maintaining risk management, internal control and enhanced internal
control systems consisting of policies and procedures that the Company consider to be appropriate for the Company’s
business operations, and the Company is dedicated to continuously improving these systems. The Company have
adopted and implemented comprehensive risk management policies in various aspects of our business operations as
set out below.


Risk Management
We recognize that risk management is critical to the success of our business operation. Key operational risks faced
by us include changes in general market conditions and the regulatory environment of the Chinese and global DTx
markets, our ability to develop, manufacture and commercialize our products, and our ability to compete with other
DTx products. See “Risk Factors” for a discussion of various risks and uncertainties we face. We also face various market
risks. In particular, we are exposed to credit, liquidity and currency risks that arise in the normal course of our business.
See Note 31 to the consolidated financial statements for details regarding these risks. We have adopted a series of
risk management policies which set out a risk management framework to identify, assess, evaluate and monitor key
risks associated with our strategic objectives on an ongoing basis. The following key principles outline our approach
to risk management:


•      The relevant departments in our Company, including but not limited to the finance department and the
       human resources department, are responsible for implementing our risk management policy and carrying out
       our day-to-day risk management practice. Each department is responsible for identifying and evaluating risks
       associated with its working scope. In order to standardize risk management across our Group and set a common
       level of transparency and risk management performance, the relevant departments will (i) identify the source
       of the risks and potential impact, (ii) monitor the development of such risks, and (iii) prepare risk management
       reports periodically for our management’s review.
76   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     •       Our internal control department will coordinate, oversee and manage the overall risks associated with our business
             operations and quality control mainly including (i) reviewing our corporate risk in light of our corporate risk
             tolerance, (ii) maintaining a key risk list and leading corresponding risk management activities, and (iii) organizing
             revision and update of the key risk list.


     •       Our management and internal control department will be responsible for carrying out the risk prevention and
             management activities with relevant department, internal audit department and security department will conduct
             irregular reviews.


     •       Our management will be responsible for (i) reviewing the risk management information collected by our internal
             control department every six months, (ii) reviewing annual risk management report of our Company, and (iii)
             overseeing internal control department and conducting annual risk evaluations.


     Internal Control
     Our Board of Directors is responsible for establishing and ensuring effective internal controls to safeguard our
     Shareholder’s investment at all times. Our internal control policies set out a framework to identify, assess, evaluate
     and monitor key risks associated with our strategic objectives on an ongoing basis. Below is a summary of the internal
     control policies, measures and procedures we have implemented or plan to implement:


     •       We have adopted various measures and procedures regarding each aspect of our business operation, such as
             related party transaction, risk management, protection of intellectual property, environmental protection and
             occupational health and safety. For more information, see “－Intellectual Property” and “－Environmental,
             Workplace Safety and Social Responsibility Matters.” We plan to provide periodic training about these measures
             and procedures to our employees as part of our employee training program. Our internal audit department
             conducts audit field work to monitor the implementation of our internal control policies, reports the weakness
             identified to our management and audit committee and follows up on the rectification actions.


     •       Our Directors (who are responsible for monitoring the corporate governance of our Group) with help from our
             legal advisers, will also periodically review our compliance status with all relevant laws and regulations after the
             Listing.


     •       We have established an audit committee which (i) makes recommendations to our Directors on the appointment
             and removal of external auditors, and (ii) reviews the financial statements and renders advice in respect of
             financial reporting as well as oversees internal control procedures of our Group.


     •       We have engaged SPDB International Capital Limited as our compliance adviser to provide advice to our Directors
             and management team until the end of the first fiscal year after the Listing regarding matters relating to the
             Listing Rules. Our compliance adviser is expected to ensure our use of funding complies with the section headed
             “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus after the Listing, as well as to provide support and advice
             regarding requirements of relevant regulatory authorities in a timely fashion.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   77




                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



•      We have engaged a PRC law firm to advise us on and keep us abreast with PRC laws and regulations regularly.
       We will continue to arrange various trainings to be provided by external legal advisers from time to time when
       necessary and/or any appropriate accredited institution to update our Directors, senior management, and relevant
       employees on the latest PRC laws and regulations.


•      We plan to seek advice from law firms in the United States, the European Union and other jurisdictions where
       we currently operate or may operate in the future to keep us abreast of applicable local laws and regulations
       on as-needed basis. We will continue to arrange various trainings to be provided by external legal advisors
       from time to time when necessary and/or any appropriate accredited institution to update our Directors, senior
       management, and relevant employees on the latest laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we currently
       operate or may operate in the future.


•      We maintain strict confidentiality and privacy policies regarding the collection, analysis, storage and transmission
       of the data of our subjects and clinical trial results. Our project manager and data manager prepare and
       review study protocols to ensure compliance with GCP requirements, including confidentiality and privacy
       requirements. We will monitor project progress continuously against the guidelines of ICH GCP and China GCP
       and make corrections as needed. Our IT team are responsible for, from technical perspective, ensuring the usage,
       maintenance and protection of preclinical and clinical data to comply with our internal policies and applicable
       laws and regulations.


The Company has in place the Whistle Blowing Policy of the Company that serves the purpose of establishing
whistleblowing procedures for employees and other relevant external parties of our Group, in order to report and
escalate any suspicious misconducts.


The Company has also in place the Anti-Corruption Policy to promote an ethical culture within our Group and have
zero-tolerance for bribery and any kind of corrupt activities. In accordance with the policy, we protect all whistleblowers
from any kind of retaliation. All the information provided by the whistleblowers will be strictly confidential.


Enhanced Internal Control
Subsequent to our subscription of the Wealth Management Product as set out in the section headed “Significant
Investments and Material Acquisition and Disposal of Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures” in this report and
with a view to ensuring our full and timely compliance with the requirements under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules, we
have implemented the following enhanced internal control procedures as disclosed in the Company’s announcement
dated December 15, 2025:


•      Our legal advisor has circulated detailed training guidelines and memorandums to the key personnel, directors
       and senior management of the Company in relation to the notifiable and connected transactions under the
       Listing Rules, including subscription of wealth management products, and will continue to do so on an as-need
       basis.


•      We have improved our financial control system and the communication, coordination and reporting arrangement
       for notifiable transactions among the relevant departments. Prior to entering into any relevant potential
       transactions, the finance team will perform size test analysis, and where disclosure threshold is met, notify the
       relevant departments of the details of the proposed transaction and circulate the relevant drafts of transaction
       agreements for their review.
78   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     •       We will continue to arrange training, on a semi-annual basis and/or on ad hoc basis when necessary, covering
             notifiable transactions and the reporting and disclosure obligations under the Listing Rules, and circumstances
             when prior consultation with compliance adviser are necessary. The last two training training sessions were
             completed in September 2025 and March 2026.


     •       We will continue to consult our legal adviser and compliance adviser on compliance matters on a weekly basis
             and prior to conducting any proposed transactions. We have established an instant messaging chat group to
             facilitate prompt discussion, information sharing and issue escalation with the compliance adviser, the legal
             adviser, the auditor and the share registrar.


     The Directors, through the Audit Committee of the Company, reviewed our risk management, internal control and
     enhance internal control policies and procedures above (our “Enhanced RM and IC Policies and Procedures”). Based
     on (i) review of the implementation of our Enhanced RM and IC Policies and Procedures, particularly having considered
     the relevant business transactions conducted by the Company between September 2025 and March 2026 (the “Review
     Period”), including those disclosed in announcements published on the HKEx website during the Review Period; (ii)
     discussion with the key personnel, directors and senior management of the Company on our Enhanced RM and IC
     Policies and Procedures; (iii) written confirmation by the key personnel and senior management of the Company on
     the effectiveness of our Enhanced RM and IC Policies and Procedures; and (iv) no deficiencies on our Enhanced RM
     and IC Policies and Procedure during the Review Period have been identified, including any deficiencies in our financial
     control system and the communication, coordination and reporting arrangement for notifiable transactions among the
     relevant departments, the Board considered that our Enhanced RM and IC Policies and Procedures that are currently
     in place are adequate and effective.


     DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements with the support of the accounting
     and finance team.


     The Directors have prepared the financial statements in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards
     issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. Appropriate accounting policies have also been used and applied
     consistently except the adoption of revised standards, amendments to standards and interpretation.


     The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
     upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements of the Company are prepared
     on a going concern basis, the Directors are of the view that they give a true and fair view of the financial position,
     performance and cash flow of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025, and the disclosure of other financial
     information and report therein complies with relevant legal requirements.


     The statement of the external auditors of the Company about their reporting responsibilities on the financial statements
     is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 83 to 87 of this annual report.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025   79




                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
An analysis of the remuneration paid/payable to the external auditors of the Company in respect of audit services and
non-audit services for the year ended December 31, 2025 is set out below:


Service Category                                                                                Fees Paid/Payable
                                                                                                         RMB’000


Audit Service                                                                                                 1,800
Non-audit Service                                                                                                 –


TOTAL                                                                                                         1,800


JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Mr. Wang Junjie and Ms. Sham Ying Man are the joint company secretaries of the Company.


Ms. Sham Ying Man is a senior manager of Corporate Services of Tricor Services Limited, a member of Vistra Group.
The primary contact person at the Company is Mr. Wang Junjie, finance director and joint company secretary of the
Company.


The joint company secretaries of the Company will receive no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training
annually pursuant to the requirements of Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.


All Directors may have access to the advice and services of the joint company secretaries on corporate governance and
routine Board matters.
80   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
     Convening an Extraordinary General Meeting
     Pursuant to the Article 64 of the Articles of Association, the Board may, whenever it thinks fit, convene an extraordinary
     general meeting. Extraordinary general meetings shall also be convened on the requisition of one or more Shareholders
     holding, at the date of deposit of the requisition, not less than one tenth of the voting rights, on a one vote per Share
     basis in the share capital of the Company. Such requisition shall be made in writing to the Board or the Secretary for
     the purpose of requiring an extraordinary general meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business
     specified in such requisition. Such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If
     within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) themself
     (themselves) may convene a physical meeting at only one location which will be the principal meeting place, and
     all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to
     the requisitionist(s) by the Company. The requisitionist(s) may add resolutions to the agenda of a general meeting
     requisitioned under this article.


     Putting Forward Proposals at General Meetings
     There are no provisions in the Company’s Articles of Association or the Cayman Islands Companies Law for Shareholders
     to move new resolutions at general meetings. Shareholders who wish to move a resolution may request the Company
     to convene a general meeting in accordance with the procedures set out in the preceding paragraph.


     Putting Forward Enquiries to the Board
     For putting forward any enquiries to the Board of the Company, Shareholders may send written enquiries to the
     Company. The Company will not normally deal with verbal or anonymous enquiries.


     Contact Details
     Shareholders may send their enquiries or requests as mentioned above to the following:


     Address:                     No. 2 Pingjiang Road, Yuecheng District, Shaoxing City, Zhejiang Province, PRC
     Telephone Number:            010-62965575
     Email:                       ir@66nao.com


     For the avoidance of doubt, Shareholder(s) must deposit and send the original duly signed written requisition, notice
     or statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to the above address and provide their full name, contact details and
     identification in order to give effect thereto. Shareholders’ information may be disclosed as required by law.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   81




                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS
The Company considers that effective communication with Shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations and
investor understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company is endeavours to maintain an
on-going dialogue with Shareholders and in particular, through annual general meetings and other general meetings.
At the annual general meeting, Directors (or their delegates as appropriate) are available to meet Shareholders and
answer their enquiries


To safeguard Shareholder interests and rights, separate resolution should be proposed for each substantially separate
issue at general meetings, including the election of individual Director. All resolutions put forward at general meetings
will be voted on by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and poll results will be posted on the websites of the Company
and of the Stock Exchange after each general meeting.


Shareholders’ Communication Policy
The Company has in place a policy on shareholders’ communication. The policy aims at promoting effective
communication with Shareholders and other stakeholders, encouraging Shareholders to engage actively with the
Company and enabling Shareholders to exercise their rights as Shareholders effectively. The Board reviewed the
implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders’ Communication Policy and the results were satisfactory,
considering the channels of communication and engagement in place to promote effective and ongoing communication
between the Company and its Shareholders, and to ensure that the Shareholders’ views are communicated to the
Board and appropriately addressed.


The Company has established a number of channels for maintaining an on-going dialogue with its Shareholders as
follows:


(a)    Corporate Communication
       “Corporate Communication” as defined under the Listing Rules refers to any document issued or to be issued
       by the Company for the information or action of holders of any of its securities, including but not limited to
       the following documents of the Company: (a) the Directors’ report, annual accounts together with a copy of
       the auditor’s report and, where applicable, its summary financial report; (b) the interim report and, where
       applicable, its summary interim report; (c) a notice of meeting; (d) a listing document; (e) a circular; and (f) a
       proxy form. The Corporate Communication of the Company will be published on the Stock Exchange’s website
       (www.hkex.com.hk) in a timely manner as required by the Listing Rules. Corporate Communication will be
       provided to Shareholders and non-registered holders of the Company’s securities in both English and Chinese
       versions or where permitted, in a single language, in a timely manner as required by the Listing Rules.


(b)    Announcements and Other Documents pursuant to the Listing Rules
       The Company shall publish announcements (on inside information, corporate actions and transactions etc.) and
       other documents (e.g. Memorandum and Articles of Association) on the Stock Exchange’s website in a timely
       manner in accordance with the Listing Rules.
82   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT



     (c)     Corporate Website
             Any information or documents of the Company posted on the Stock Exchange’s website will also be published
             on the Company’s website (66nao.cn).


     (d)     Shareholders’ Meetings
             The annual general meeting and other general meetings of the Company are primary forum for communication
             between the Company and its Shareholders. The Company shall provide Shareholders with relevant information
             on the resolutions(s) proposed at a general meeting in a timely manner in accordance with the Listing Rules.
             The information provided shall be reasonably necessary to enable Shareholders to make an informed decision
             on the proposed resolution(s). Shareholders are encouraged to participate in general meetings or to appoint
             proxies to attend and vote at the meetings for and on their behalf if they are unable to attend the meetings.
             Where appropriate or required, the Chairman of the Board and other Board members, the chairmen of board
             committees or their delegates, and the external auditors should attend general meetings of the Company to
             answer Shareholders’ questions (if any).


     (e)     Shareholders’ Enquiries
             Enquiries about Shareholdings
             Shareholders should direct their enquiries about their shareholdings to the Company’s share registrar, Tricor
             Investor Services Limited, by email: is-enquiries@vistra.com, or call its hotline at +852 2980 1333, or go in person
             to its public counter at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong.


             Enquiries about Corporate Governance or Other Matters to be put to the Board and the Company
             The Company will not normally deal with verbal or anonymous enquiries. Shareholders may send any enquiries to
             the Company by post to Room 1301, 13/F, Building 3, Shaoxing Shuimuwan District Science Park, No. 2 Pingjiang
             Road, Yuecheng District, Shaoxing City, Zhejiang Province, PRC (For the attention of the Board).


     Amendments to Constitutional Documents
     The Company did not make any amendments to its Articles of Association since the Listing Date. The latest version
     of the Articles of Association of our Company is also posted on the website of the Company and the website of the
     Stock Exchange.


     Dividend Policy
     The Company has adopted a Dividend Policy on payment of dividends. The Company do not have any pre-determined
     dividend payout ratio. Depending on the financial conditions of the Company and the Group and the conditions and
     factors as set out in the Dividend Policy, dividends may be proposed and/or declared by the Board during a financial
     year and any final dividend for a financial year will be subject to the Shareholders’ approval.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   83




                                                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




To the Shareholders of BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited (the “Company”) and
its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as “the Group”) set out on pages 88 to 172, which comprise the consolidated
statement of financial position as at December 31, 2025, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the
year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information
and other explanatory information.


In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
the Group as at December 31, 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for
the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
Board (“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further
described in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report.
We are independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the
“Code”), as applicable to audits of the financial statements of public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other
ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient
and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTER
Key audit matter is the matter that, in our professional judgment, was of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. The matter was addressed in the context of our audit of the
consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
opinion on the matter.
84   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



     Key audit matter                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter
     Expected credit loss allowances for trade receivables


     We identified expected credit losses (“ECL”) for trade Our procedures in relation to the impairment assessment
     receivables as a key audit matter due to the significance of trade receivables included:
     of trade receivables to the Group’s consolidated financial
     position and the involvement of subjective judgment and •        Evaluating the design and implementation of key
     management estimation in evaluating the ECL of the               internal controls on how management estimates
     Group’s trade receivables at the end of the reporting period.    the loss allowance for trade receivables;


     As disclosed in Note 19 to the consolidated financial •        Evaluating the independent valuer’s objectivity,
     statements, the Group’s gross carrying amount of trade         qualifications and competence;
     receivables amounted to approximately RMB143.49 million,
     against which an allowance of RMB50.35 million for ECL •       Challenging management’s basis and judgment in
     was recorded as at December 31, 2025.                          determining loss allowance on trade receivables as
                                                                    at December 31, 2025, including their identification
     As disclosed in Notes 5 and 31 to the consolidated             of credit-impaired trade receivables, the
     financial statements, trade receivables with credit-impaired   reasonableness of management’s grouping of the
     are assessed for ECL individually while for the remaining      remaining trade debtors into different categories on
     balances, collective assessment is adopted. Management         the collective basis, and the basis of estimated loss
     of the Group estimates the amount of lifetime ECL of trade     rates applied in each category in the collective basis
     receivables based on collective assessment through grouping    (with reference to default rates and forward-looking
     of various debtors that have similar loss patterns, after      information); and
     considering aging, internal credit ratings of trade debtors
     and repayment history of respective trade receivables. •       Engaging our internal valuation specialists to assess
     Estimated loss rates are based on default rates over           the rationality and appropriateness of the Group’s
     the expected life of the debtors and are adjusted for          ECL model, including the valuation techniques,
     forward-looking information.                                   certain model inputs and calculation in compliance
                                                                    with IFRS 9.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   85




                                                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



OTHER INFORMATION
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report
thereon.


Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
form of assurance conclusion thereon.


In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the
work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required
to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
true and fair view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements
of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable
the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud
or error.


In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
alternative but to do so.


Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.
86   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



     AUDITOR ’ S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
     are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
     opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We
     do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable
     assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will
     always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
     material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
     users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


     As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
     throughout the audit. We also:


     •       Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
             fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
             sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
             resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
             omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


     •       Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
             appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
             Group’s internal control.


     •       Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
             related disclosures made by the directors.


     •       Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
             the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
             significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
             exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
             financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on
             the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may
             cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   87




                                                INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



•      Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
       disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events
       in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


•      Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
       information of the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group
       financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed
       for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
during our audit.


We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
safeguards applied.


From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
benefits of such communication.


The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Mak Chi Lung (practising certificate
number: P05732).




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong
March 31, 2026
88   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
     OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




                                                                       For the          For the
                                                                   year ended       year ended
                                                                 December 31,     December 31,
                                                         NOTES           2025             2024
                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000


     Revenue                                               6          220,049          122,311
     Cost of sales                                                   (130,595)         (68,298)


     Gross profit                                                       89,454          54,013
     Other income                                          7            15,937           1,710
     Other expenses and other gains and losses, net        8           (14,591)          3,326
     Fair value gain of financial liabilities at
        fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)       27                 –          30,116
     Impairment loss under expected credit loss
        (“ECL”) model, net of reversal                                (38,923)         (11,480)
     Selling and distribution expenses                                (74,884)         (48,017)
     Administrative expenses                                         (100,697)         (59,925)
     Research and development expenses                               (165,904)        (119,424)
     Finance costs                                         9          (23,986)         (22,025)
     Listing expenses                                                  (2,670)         (26,852)


     Loss before tax                                                 (316,264)        (198,558)
     Income tax expense                                   10             (100)             (52)


     Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year    11         (316,364)        (198,610)


     Loss for the year attributable to:
     Owners of the Company                                           (314,861)        (198,282)
     Non-controlling interests                                         (1,503)            (328)


                                                                     (316,364)        (198,610)


     Loss per share (RMB)                                 15
     Basic                                                               (0.27)           (0.22)


     Diluted                                                             (0.27)           (0.23)
                                                                        Annual Report 2025   89




      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                               AS AT DECEMBER 31, 2025




                                                               As at             As at
                                                         December 31,     December 31,
                                                 NOTES          2025             2024
                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000


NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property, plant and equipment                     16           27,114            23,386
Right-of-use assets                               17           18,107            21,039
Intangible assets                                 18           12,671             2,909
Prepayments and other receivables                 19           13,539             4,029


                                                               71,431            51,363


CURRENT ASSETS
Contract costs                                                      –               534
Trade and other receivables and prepayments       19          128,749           134,221
Restricted bank deposits                          20          101,193            69,495
Bank balances and cash                            21          430,358           343,882
Tax recoverable                                                 1,157                 –


                                                              661,457           548,132


CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and other payables                          22           51,366            56,090
Contract liabilities                              25           17,817            10,075
Tax liabilities                                                    10                 –
Receipts in advance from cornerstone investors                      –           320,971
Lease liabilities                                 24            7,621            11,823
Bank and other borrowings                         26          346,089            21,261
Deferred income                                                 1,038             1,696
Long-term bond – due within one year              23                –            74,663
Financial liabilities at FVTPL                    27                –           285,428


                                                              423,941           782,007


NET CURRENT ASSETS (LIABILITIES)                              237,516          (233,875)


TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                         308,947          (182,512)
90   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     AS AT DECEMBER 31, 2025




                                                                                           As at                As at
                                                                                     December 31,        December 31,
                                                                            NOTES           2025                2024
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000


     NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
     Lease liabilities                                                        24             9,498             8,918
     Long-term bond                                                           23           202,314           271,617
     Deferred income                                                                         1,664               977


                                                                                           213,476           281,512


     NET ASSETS (LIABILITIES)                                                                  95,471        (464,024)


     CAPITAL AND RESERVES
     Share capital                                                            28                    1               1
     Reserves                                                                                  97,344        (463,654)


     Equity (deficits) attributable to owners of the Company                                   97,345        (463,653)
     Non-controlling interests                                                                 (1,874)           (371)


     TOTAL EQUITY (DEFICITS)                                                                   95,471        (464,024)


     The consolidated financial statements on pages 88 to 172 were approved and authorized for issue by the board of
     directors on March 31, 2026 and are signed on its behalf by:




                              Mr. Tan Zheng                                     Mr. Deng Feng
                                  DIRECTOR                                          DIRECTOR
                                                                                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025        91




               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




                                                                                               Attributable to owners of the Company
                                                                                                                                   Shares held
                                                                                                    Share-based                  under Pre-IPO                                  Non-
                                                                              Share     Capital       payments           Other Share Award Accumulated                    controlling
                                                           Share capital   premium      reserve         reserve        reserve         Scheme      losses     Subtotal      interests     Total
                                                               RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000
                                                                                         (Note i)                      (Note ii)      (Note iii)


At January 1, 2024                                                    1       6,223    1,225,470         44,873         28,938           –*     (1,637,643)   (332,138)          (43)   (332,181)


Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year                     –           –            –              –              –            –       (198,282)   (198,282)         (328)   (198,610)
Recognition of equity-settled
  share-based payments (Note 30)                                      –           –            –         66,767              –            –              –      66,767             –     66,767


At December 31, 2024                                                  1       6,223    1,225,470        111,640         28,938            –     (1,835,925)   (463,653)         (371)   (464,024)


Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year                     –           –            –              –              –            –      (314,861)    (314,861)       (1,503)   (316,364)
Recognition of equity-settled
   share-based payments (Note 30)                                     –           –            –         77,211              –            –              –      77,211             –     77,211
Reclassification from
   financial liabilities at FVTPL (Note 27)                           –#    285,428            –              –              –            –              –    285,428              –    285,428
Issue of shares upon the initial public offering (“IPO”)             –##    539,168            –              –              –            –              –    539,168              –    539,168
Transaction costs attributable to
   issue of new ordinary shares                                       –     (25,948)           –              –              –            –              –     (25,948)            –     (25,948)


At December 31, 2025                                                  1     804,871    1,225,470        188,851         28,938           –*     (2,150,786)     97,345        (1,874)    95,471


*             The amount represents 85,166 shares of BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited (the “Company”) with a par value of United
              States Dollars (“USD”) 0.0001 each, issued at an amount of USD8.5 (equivalent to RMB61) during the year ended December
              31, 2023.

#
              The amount represents 95,878 Series A-1 Preferred Shares (defined in Note 27) of the Company with a par value of USD0.0001
              each with an amount share capital of USD9.6 (equivalent to RMB69).

##
              The amount represents 181,112,000 shares of the Company with a par value of USD0.0000001 each, issued at an amount
              share capital of USD18.1 (equivalent to RMB130) in January 2025.
92   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




     Notes:

     i.       Capital reserve represents capital contribution from certain investors of Zhejiang BrainAurora Medical Technology Co., Ltd.*
              (浙江腦動極光醫療科技有限公司) (“BrainAurora Zhejiang”) and the adjustments recognized arising from a group reorganization
              completed in the year ended December 31, 2023.

     ii.      Other reserve represents the balance of equity-settled share-based payments transferred from share-based payments reserve
              upon vesting.

     iii.     On August 2, 2023, a total of 85,166 shares (the “Awarded Shares”) of the Company had been allotted and issued to
              Wisdomspirit Holding Limited (“HoldCo”), a company wholly owned by Trident Trust Company (HK) Limited (“Trident”), to
              facilitate the administration of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme as defined in Note 30. The Award Shares will be held in the
              HoldCo for the relevant selected participants until such Awarded Shares are vested. Based on the arrangements among the
              Company and Trident, the Company is able to control Trident and its subsidiary HoldCo. Therefore, the Group (as defined
              in Note 1) accounts for Trident and HoldCo as consolidated structured entities. The ordinary shares of the Company held
              by HoldCo are accounted for as a debit to the Group’s reserve and are presented under the heading of “Shares held under
              Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme” in the consolidated statements of changes in equity.

     *        English name is for identification purpose only.
                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   93




                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




                                                                            For the            For the
                                                                        year ended         year ended
                                                                      December 31,       December 31,
                                                                              2025               2024
                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000


OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Loss before tax                                                            (316,264)          (198,558)
Adjustment for:
  Net foreign exchange loss                                                   7,014                  15
  Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                              13,449              16,847
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                        11,243               8,718
  Amortization of intangible assets                                           1,486               1,580
  Release of deferred income                                                 (2,285)             (1,083)
  Impairment loss under ECL model, net of reversal                           38,923              11,480
  Losses (gains) on disposal of property, plant and equipment                    63                  (2)
  Interest income                                                           (13,652)               (627)
  Losses on lease modifications and lease terminations                          876                   9
  Finance costs                                                              23,986              22,025
  Fair value gains on financial assets at FVTPL                              (1,116)                 (5)
  Fair value gain of financial liabilities at FVTPL                               –             (30,116)
  Loss (gain) on re-estimated repayments of long-term bond                    3,263              (4,161)
  Recognition of equity-settled share-based payments                         77,211              66,767


Operating cash flows before movements in working capital                   (155,803)          (107,111)
Decrease in contract costs                                                      534              3,560
Increase in trade and other receivables                                     (27,908)           (64,448)
(Decrease) increase in trade and other payables                              (3,662)            12,334
Increase in contract liabilities                                              7,742              6,145
Increase in deferred income                                                   2,314              3,531


Cash used in operations                                                    (176,783)          (145,989)
Income taxes paid                                                            (1,247)               (52)


NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                      (178,030)          (146,041)
94   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




                                                                       For the         For the
                                                                   year ended      year ended
                                                                 December 31,    December 31,
                                                                         2025            2024
                                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000


     INVESTING ACTIVITIES
       Interest received                                                9,055             264
       Purchases of property, plant and equipment                     (14,313)        (17,326)
       Payments for right-of-use assets                                     –            (111)
       Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment            567              65
       Payments for rental deposits                                      (700)         (1,249)
       Refund of rental deposit                                             –           1,001
       Purchases of financial assets at FVTPL                        (215,810)         (1,000)
       Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at FVTPL            216,926           1,005
       Placement of restricted bank deposits                          (98,570)              –
       Withdrawal of restricted bank deposits                          69,495         145,000
       Placements of term deposits with original maturity
          over three months                                          (204,141)              –
       Payments for intangible assets                                 (13,404)           (367)
       Loans to third parties                                         (24,990)         (6,900)
       Loan to a related party                                              –          (7,000)
       Repayment of loan from a related party                               –           7,000
       Repayment of loan from third parties                             3,000           3,000


     NET CASH (USED IN) FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES                    (272,885)        123,382
                                                                                  Annual Report 2025   95




                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




                                                                       For the            For the
                                                                   year ended         year ended
                                                                 December 31,       December 31,
                                                         Notes           2025               2024
                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000


FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Proceeds from bank borrowings                                       348,924              14,072
  Repayment of bank borrowings                                        (25,000)            (15,000)
  Issue of ordinary shares                                            218,197                   –
  Receipts in advance from cornerstone investors                            –             320,971
  Repayment of long-term bond                                         (90,000)                  –
  Payments of share issue costs                                       (21,335)             (1,955)
  Interest paid                                                       (80,151)             (1,022)
  Repayment of lease liabilities                                      (11,368)             (8,261)


NET CASH FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                    339,267             308,805


NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                 (111,648)            286,146


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE BEGINNING OF THE YEAR                343,882              57,577


Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                 (7,131)                159


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE YEAR          21          225,103             343,882
96   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




     1.      GENERAL INFORMATION
             BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited (“the Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an
             exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Law section 165 of the Cayman Islands on April 25,
             2023. The address of the Company’s registered office is at 3-212 Governors Square, 23 Lime Tree Bay Avenue,
             P.O. Box 30746, Seven Mile Beach, Grand Cayman KY1-1203, Cayman Islands. The principal place of business
             of the Company is Block A, Dongsheng Science and Technology Park & Fengyeyuan Digital Industry Economic
             Park, Zhongguancun, 135 Qinghe Road, Haidian District, Beijing, the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).


             The shares of the Company have been listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
             (the “Stock Exchange”) with effect from January 8, 2025.


             On August 6, 2023, the acting in concert parties, namely Mr. Tan Zheng, Dr. Wang Xiaoyi, ZTan Limited, a
             company wholly owned by Mr. Tan Zheng, and Wispirits Limited, a company wholly owned by Dr. Wang Xiaoyi
             (collectively referred to as the “the Offshore AIC Parties”), entered into another acting in concert agreement,
             pursuant to which, among others, the Offshore AIC Parties (i) acknowledged and confirmed that, the Offshore
             AIC Parties have acted in concert with respect to the management of BrainAurora Zhejiang during the period
             when BrainAurora Zhejiang was the holding company of the Group and with respect to the management of the
             Company since it became the holding company of the Group; and (ii) agreed to act in concert for so long as they
             remain interested in the shares of the Company, consult each other and reach a consensus before voting at the
             board meetings and shareholders’ meetings of the Company, and in case the parties fail to reach a consensus,
             vote based on the opinion of Mr. Tan Zheng.


             The Company is an investment holding company. Its subsidiaries are principally engaged to offer cognitive
             impairment digital therapeutics (“DTx”) integral software solutions in the PRC. The Company and its subsidiaries
             are hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Group”.


             The consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025 are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”),
             which is also the functional currency of the Company.


     2.      BASIS OF PREPARATION OF CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
             The consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued
             by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”). For the purpose of preparation of the consolidated
             financial statements, information is considered material if such information is reasonably expected to influence
             decisions made by primary users. In addition, the consolidated financial statements include applicable disclosures
             required by the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing
             Rules”) and by the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


             The Group recorded loss and negative operating cashflows during the year ended December 31, 2025. The
             Group has performed a working capital forecast for the next twelve months. Taking into account the financial
             resources available to the Group, including cash and cash equivalents and the financing in February 2026 as
             disclosed in Note 40, the Directors believe that the Group will have sufficient cash resources to satisfy its future
             working capital in the next twelve months.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   97




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




3.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
     (a)   Amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards that are mandatorily effective for the current year
           In the current year, the Group has applied the following amendments to an IFRS Accounting Standard
           as issued by the IASB for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the Group’s annual period
           beginning on January 1, 2025 for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements:


           Amendments to IAS 21                           Lack of Exchangeability


           The application of the amendments to an IFRS Accounting Standard in the current year has had no material
           impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior years and/or on the
           disclosures set out in the consolidated financial statements.


     (b)   New and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective
           The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards that
           have been issued but are not yet effective:


           Amendments to IAS 21                           Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency3
           Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
                                                            Financial Instruments2
           Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity2
           Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28               Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
                                                            its Associate or Joint Venture1
           Amendments to IFRS Accounting                  Annual Improvements to IFRS
              Standards                                     Accounting Standards – Volume 112
           IFRS 18                                        Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements3

           1.
                  Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined.
           2.
                  Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2026.
           3.
                  Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2027.


           Except as described below, the directors of the Company (the “Directors”) anticipate that the application
           of the above new and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards will have no material impact on the
           consolidated financial statements in the foreseeable future.
98   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




     3.      APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
             (CONTINUED)
             (b)     New and amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards in issue but not yet effective (Continued)


                     IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements

                     IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements, which sets out requirements on presentation
                     and disclosures in financial statements, will replace IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. This new
                     IFRS Accounting Standard, while carrying forward many of the requirements in IAS 1, introduces new
                     requirements to present specified categories and defined subtotals in the statement of profit or loss;
                     provide disclosures on management-defined performance measures (MPMs) in the notes to the financial
                     statements and improve aggregation and disaggregation of information to be disclosed in the financial
                     statements. In addition, some IAS 1 paragraphs have been moved to IAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes
                     in Accounting Estimates and Errors (the title of which will be changed to Basis of Preparation of Financial
                     Statements upon effective of IFRS 18) and IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures. Minor amendments
                     to IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows and IAS 33 Earnings per Share are also made.


                     IFRS 18, and amendments to other standards, will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after
                     January 1, 2027, with early application permitted. IFRS 18 requires retrospective application with specific
                     transition provisions. The application of the new standard is not expected to have significant impact
                     on the financial performance and positions of the Group in terms of recognition and measurement.
                     However, it is expected to affect the structure and presentation of the consolidated statement of profit
                     or loss. Additional disclosures required for the Group’s MPMs will be disclosed in a separate note to the
                     consolidated financial statements.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   99




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
     Basis of consolidation
     The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities controlled
     by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:


     •      has power over the investee;


     •      is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and


     •      has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.


     The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are
     changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.


     Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the
     Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of
     during the year are included in the consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
     from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.


     Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company and
     to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of the
     Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit
     balance.


     When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting
     policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.


     All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between
     members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.


     Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which
     represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the relevant
     subsidiaries upon liquidation.
100   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      4.      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
              Revenue from contracts with customers
              Information about the Group’s accounting policies relating to contracts with customers is provided in Note 6.


              Leases
              The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under IFRS 16 Leases at
              inception of the contract. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract
              are subsequently changed.


              The Group as lessee
              Right-of-use assets
              The cost of right-of-use assets include:


              •       the amounts of the initial measurement of the lease liabilities;


              •       any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received; and


              •       any initial direct costs incurred by the Group.


              Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted
              for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.


              Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the
              lease term.


              The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statements of financial
              position.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025   101




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     Leases (Continued)
     The Group as lessee (Continued)
     Refundable rental deposits
     Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and initially measured at fair
     value. Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included
     in the cost of right-of-use assets.


     Lease liabilities
     At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognizes and measures the lease liability at the present
     value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the
     Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the
     lease is not readily determinable.


     The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives
     receivable.


     After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.


     The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statements of financial position.


     Foreign currencies
     In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the
     functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognized at the rates of exchanges prevailing on the
     dates of the transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies
     are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical
     cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.


     Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary items,
     are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.
102   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      4.      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
              Employee benefits
              Retirement benefit costs
              Payments to state-managed retirement benefit scheme are recognized as an expense when employees have
              rendered services entitling them to the contributions.


              Short-term employee benefits
              Short-term employee benefits are recognized at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be paid
              as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognized as an expense
              unless another IFRS Accounting Standard requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.


              A liability is recognized for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries and annual leave) after
              deducting any amount already paid.


              Share-based payments
              Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
              Shares awards granted to employees
              Equity-settled share-based payments to employees are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments at
              the grant date.


              The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without taking into
              consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based
              on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity
              (share-based payments reserve). At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the number
              of equity instruments expected to vest based on assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The
              impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognized in profit or loss such that the cumulative
              expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the share-based payments reserve.


              When shares awards granted are vested, the amount previously recognized in share-based payments reserve
              will be transferred to other reserve.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   103




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     Taxation
     Income tax expense represents the sum of current and deferred income tax expenses.


     The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from loss before tax because
     of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable or deductible.
     The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted
     by the end of each reporting period.


     Deferred tax is recognized on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
     in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable
     profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets
     are generally recognized for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable
     profits will be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilized. Such deferred
     tax assets and liabilities are not recognized if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other
     than in a business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit
     nor the accounting profit and at the time of the transaction does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible
     temporary differences. Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences associated with
     investments in subsidiaries, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary differences
     and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets
     arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments are only recognized to the
     extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilize the benefits of the
     temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.


     The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the
     extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the
     asset to be recovered.


     Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in
     which the liability is settled or the asset is realized, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
     substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period.


     The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from
     the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of each reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying
     amount of its assets and liabilities.
104   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      4.      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
              Taxation (Continued)
              For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognizes the
              right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are
              attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.


              For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies
              IAS 12 Income Taxes requirements to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately. The Group will recognize
              a deferred tax asset (to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the
              deductible temporary difference can be utilized) and a deferred tax liability for all deductible and taxable
              temporary differences associated with the right-of-use assets and the lease liabilities.


              Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets
              against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable entity by the same
              taxation authority.


              Current and deferred tax are recognized in profit or loss.


              Property, plant and equipment
              Property, plant and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use in the production or supply of goods or
              services, or for administrative purposes. Property, plant and equipment (other than construction in progress),
              are stated in the consolidated statements of financial position at cost, less subsequent accumulated depreciation
              and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.


              Property, plant and equipment in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes
              are carried at cost, less any recognized impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly attributable to bringing
              the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by
              management and, for qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalized, in accordance with the Group’s accounting
              policy. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other property, plant and equipment, commences
              when the assets are ready for their intended use.


              Depreciation is recognized so as to write off the cost of property, plant and equipment, other than construction in
              progress less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated
              useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the
              effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.


              An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognized upon disposal or when no future economic benefits
              are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement
              of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and
              the carrying amount of the asset and is recognized in profit or loss.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2025   105




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     Intangible assets
     Intangible assets acquired separately
     Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less accumulated
     amortization and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortization for intangible assets with finite useful lives
     is recognized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortization
     method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being
     accounted for on a prospective basis.


     Internally-generated intangible assets – research and development expenditure
     Expenditure on research activities is recognized as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.


     An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development phase of
     an internal project) is recognized if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:


     •      the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;


     •      the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;


     •      the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;


     •      how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;


     •      the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to
            use or sell the intangible asset; and


     •      the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development.


     The amount initially recognized for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure incurred
     from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no internally
     generated intangible asset can be recognized, development expenditure is recognized in profit or loss in the
     period in which it is incurred.


     Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less accumulated
     amortization and accumulated impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired
     separately.
106   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      4.      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
              Impairment on property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, right-of-use assets and contract costs
              At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant and
              equipment, intangible assets with finite useful lives and right-of-use assets and contract costs to determine
              whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists,
              the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment
              loss (if any).


              The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use assets are estimated
              individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the Group estimates the
              recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.


              In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant cash-generating
              unit when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise they are allocated
              to the smallest group of cash generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be
              established. The recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units
              to which the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the carrying amount of the relevant cash-generating
              unit or group of cash-generating units.


              Before the Group recognizes an impairment loss for assets capitalized as contract costs under IFRS 15 Revenue
              from Contracts with Customers, the Group assesses and recognizes any impairment loss on other assets related
              to the relevant contracts in accordance with applicable standards. Then, impairment loss, if any, for assets
              capitalized as contract costs is recognized to the extent the carrying amounts exceeds the remaining amount of
              consideration that the Group expects to receive in exchange for related goods or services less the costs which
              relate directly to providing those goods or services that have not been recognized as expenses. The assets
              capitalized as contract costs are then included in the carrying amount of the cash-generating unit to which they
              belong for the purpose of evaluating impairment of that cash-generating unit.


              Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in use,
              the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects
              current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset (or a cash-generating
              unit) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025   107




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     Impairment on property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, right-of-use assets and contract costs
     (Continued)
     If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying
     amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount.
     For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable and consistent
     basis to a cash-generating unit, the Group compares the carrying amount of a group of cash-generating units,
     including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion of corporate assets allocated to that group
     of cash-generating units, with the recoverable amount of the group of cash-generating units. In allocating
     the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if
     applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the
     unit or the group of cash-generating units. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of
     its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the
     impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets
     of the unit or the group of cash-generating units. An impairment loss is recognized immediately in profit or loss.


     Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit or
     a group of cash-generating units) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that
     the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no
     impairment loss been recognized for the asset (or a cash-generating unit or a group of cash-generating units)
     in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognized immediately in profit or loss.


     Financial instruments
     Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual
     provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognized and
     derecognized on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets
     that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place.


     Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising from
     contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15. Transaction costs that are
     directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets
     or liabilities at FVTPL) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities,
     as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets
     or financial liabilities at FVTPL are recognized immediately in profit or loss.


     The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortized cost of a financial asset or financial
     liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest
     rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points
     paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or
     discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter
     period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.
108   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      4.      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
              Financial instruments (Continued)
              Financial assets
              All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognized and derecognized on a trade date basis.
              Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within
              the time frame established generally by regulation or convention in the market place concerned.


              All recognized financial assets are measured subsequently in their entirety at either amortized cost or fair value,
              depending on the classification of the financial assets.


              Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets
              Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortized cost:


              •       the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows;
                      and


              •       the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
                      interest on the principal amount outstanding.


              All other financial assets of the Group are subsequently measured at fair value.


              Amortized cost and interest income
              Interest income is recognized using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently at
              amortized cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount
              of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired (see below).
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   109




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     Financial instruments (Continued)
     Financial assets (Continued)
     Impairment of financial assets
     The Group performs impairment assessment under ECL model on financial assets (including bank balances and
     cash, restricted bank deposits and trade and other receivables) which are subject to impairment assessment
     under IFRS 9. The amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial
     recognition.


     Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the
     relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is
     expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessments
     are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the
     debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of past events and current conditions at the reporting
     date as well as the forecast of future economic conditions.


     The Group always recognizes lifetime ECL for trade receivables.


     For all other financial assets, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless there has been a
     significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group recognizes lifetime ECL. The
     assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognized is based on significant increases in the likelihood or
     risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.


     (i)    Significant increase in credit risk
            In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group
            compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the
            risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this
            assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and
            supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without
            undue cost or effort.
110   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      4.      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
              Financial instruments (Continued)
              Financial assets (Continued)
              Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
              (i)    Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)
                     In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
                     increased significantly:


                      •        an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available)
                               or internal credit rating;


                      •        significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in
                               the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;


                      •        existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected
                               to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;


                      •        an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;


                      •        an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
                               environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its
                               debt obligations.


                      Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has increased
                      significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless
                      the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.


                      Despite the aforegoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has not increased
                      significantly since initial recognition if the debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the
                      reporting date. A debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk if i) it has a low risk of default,
                      ii) the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term and
                      iii) adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the longer term may, but will not necessarily,
                      reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfill its contractual cash flow obligations. The Group considers a
                      debt instrument to have low credit risk when it has an internal or external credit rating of ‘investment
                      grade’ as per globally understood definitions.


                      The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a
                      significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable
                      of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   111




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     Financial instruments (Continued)
     Financial assets (Continued)
     Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
     (ii)   Definition of default
            The Group considers the following as constituting an event of default for internal credit risk management
            purposes as historical experience indicates that receivables that meet either of the following criteria are
            generally not recoverable.


             •     when there is a breach of financial covenants by the counterparty; or


             •     information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is
                   unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals
                   held by the Group).


             Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more
             than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that
             a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.


     (iii)   Credit-impaired financial assets
             A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the
             estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is
             credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:


             (a)   significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;


             (b)   a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;


             (c)   the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s
                   financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not
                   otherwise consider; or


             (d)   it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganization.
112   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      4.      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
              Financial instruments (Continued)
              Financial assets (Continued)
              Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
              (iv)   Write-off policy
                     The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in
                     severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the counterparty has
                     been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings. Financial assets written off
                     may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account
                     legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries
                     are recognized in profit or loss.


              (v)     Measurement and recognition of ECL
                      The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude
                      of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default
                      and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-looking information. Estimation of
                      ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks
                      of default occurring as the weights.


                      Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
                      accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the
                      effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.


                      For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics when
                      formulating the grouping:


                      •        Past-due status;


                      •        Nature, size and industry of debtors; and


                      •        External credit ratings where available.


                      The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue
                      to share similar credit risk characteristics.


                      Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial
                      asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortized cost of the
                      financial asset.


                      The Group recognizes an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by adjusting
                      their carrying amount, with the exception of trade receivables where the corresponding adjustment is
                      recognized through a loss allowance account.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   113




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     Financial instruments (Continued)
     Financial assets (Continued)
     Derecognition of financial assets
     The Group derecognizes a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset
     expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the
     asset to another entity.


     On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortized cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying
     amount and the sum of consideration received and receivable is recognized in profit or loss.


     Financial liabilities and equity
     Classification as debt or equity
     Debt and equity instruments issued by a group entity are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in
     accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and
     an equity instrument.


     Equity instruments
     An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting
     all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognized at the proceeds received, net of
     direct issue costs.


     Financial liabilities
     All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method or at
     FVTPL.
114   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      4.      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
              Financial instruments (Continued)
              Financial liabilities and equity (Continued)
              Financial liabilities (Continued)
              Financial liabilities at FVTPL
              Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is (i) contingent consideration of an
              acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 Business Combinations applies, (ii) held for trading or (iii)
              designated as at FVTPL.


              A financial liability other than a financial liability held for trading or contingent consideration of an acquirer in
              a business combination may be designated as at FVTPL upon initial recognition if:


              •       such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that
                      would otherwise arise; or


              •       the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both, which
                      is managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with the Group’s
                      documented risk management or investment strategy, and information about the grouping is provided
                      internally on that basis; or


              •       it forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives, and IFRS 9 permits the entire
                      consolidated contract to be designated as at FVTPL.


              For financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, the amount of change in the fair value of the financial
              liability that is attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability is recognized in other comprehensive
              income, unless the recognition of the effects of changes in the liability’s credit risk in other comprehensive
              income would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch in profit or loss. Changes in fair value attributable to a
              financial liability’s credit risk that are recognized in other comprehensive income are not subsequently reclassified
              to profit or loss; instead, they are transferred to accumulated losses upon derecognition of the financial liability.


              The Group’s Series A-1 Preferred Shares include counterparty conversion options that do not meet equity
              instruments classification by applying IAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation. When determining the
              classification of Series A-1 Preferred Shares as current or non-current, the Group considers both the redemption
              through cash settlement and the transfer of the Group’s own equity instruments as a result of exercise of
              conversion options by holders.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025   115




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     Financial instruments (Continued)
     Financial liabilities and equity (Continued)
     Financial liabilities at amortized cost
     Financial liabilities including trade and other payables, bank and other borrowings and long-term bond are
     subsequently measured at amortized cost, using the effective interest method.


     Foreign exchange gains and losses
     For financial liabilities that are denominated in a foreign currency and are measured at amortized cost at the end
     of each reporting period, the foreign exchange gains and losses are determined based on the amortized cost
     of the instruments. These foreign exchange gains and losses are recognized in the ‘Other expenses and other
     gains and losses, net’ line item in profit or loss as part of net foreign exchange losses for financial liabilities that
     are not part of a designated hedging relationship.


     The fair value of financial liabilities denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that foreign currency
     and translated at the spot rate at the end of the reporting period. For financial liabilities that are measured as at
     FVTPL, the foreign exchange component forms part of the fair value gains or losses and is recognized in profit
     or loss for financial liabilities that are not part of a designated hedging relationship.


     Derecognition of financial liabilities
     The Group derecognizes financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged,
     cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognized
     and the consideration paid and payable is recognized in profit or loss.


     Modification of financial liabilities
     For non-substantial modifications of financial liabilities that do not result in derecognition, the carrying amount
     of the relevant financial liabilities will be calculated at the present value of the modified contractual cash flows
     discounted at the financial liabilities’ original effective interest rate. Any adjustment to the carrying amount of
     the financial liability is recognized in profit or loss at the date of modification.
116   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      5.      CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
              In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in Note 4, the Directors are required
              to make judgments, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not
              readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience
              and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.


              The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting estimates
              are recognized in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the
              period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.


              Critical judgment in applying accounting policies
              The following is the critical judgment, apart from those involving estimations (see below), that the Directors
              have made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that have the most significant effect
              on the amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements.


              Research and development expenditures
              Development costs incurred on the Group’s digital therapy for cognitive impairment are capitalized and deferred
              only when the Group can demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will
              be available for use or sale, the Group’s intention to complete and use or sell the asset, how the asset will
              generate probable future economic benefits, the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources
              to complete the pipeline, the Group’s ability to use or sell the asset and the ability to measure reliably the
              expenditure during the development. Development costs which do not meet these criteria are expensed when
              incurred.


              The Directors assess the progress of each of the research and development projects and determine whether
              the criteria are met for capitalization. During the years ended December 31, 2025, all development costs are
              expensed when incurred.


              Key sources of estimation uncertainty
              The followings are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at
              the end of the reporting period that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
              amounts of assets and liabilities within the coming twelve months.


              Provision of ECL for trade receivables
              Trade receivables with credit-impaired are assessed for ECL individually while for the remaining balances,
              collective assessment is adopted. Management of the Group estimates the amount of lifetime ECL of trade
              receivables based on collective assessment through grouping of various debtors that have similar loss patterns,
              after considering aging, internal credit ratings of trade debtors and repayment history of respective trade
              receivables. Estimated loss rates are based on default rates over the expected life of the debtors and are adjusted
              for forward-looking information.


              The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. The information about the ECL and the Group’s trade
              receivables are disclosed in Notes 19 and 31.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   117




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




6.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
     (i)   Disaggregation of revenue
                                                                                             For the            For the
                                                                                         year ended         year ended
                                                                                       December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                               2025               2024
                                                                                           RMB’000            RMB’000


           Provision of the brain function information
              management platform software system (the “System”)
              integral software solutions
           In hospitals                                                                       113,925            79,316
           Out of hospitals                                                                    53,302            26,789


                                                                                              167,227           106,105


           Research projects                                                                    2,134            15,942
           Medical artificial intelligence (“AI”) language model solutions                     49,776                 –
           Others (Note)                                                                          912               264


           Total                                                                              220,049           122,311


           Note:   Others mainly represent revenue generated from sales of software systems and electronic equipment with
                   software systems.
118   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      6.      REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
              (i)     Disaggregation of revenue (Continued)
                                                                                                       For the            For the
                                                                                                   year ended         year ended
                                                                                                 December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                                         2025               2024
                                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000


                      Timing of recognition
                      At a point in time                                                                166,183            95,311
                      Over time                                                                          53,866            27,000


                                                                                                        220,049           122,311


                      Geographical market
                      Mainland China                                                                    220,049           122,311


              (ii)    Performance obligations for contracts with customers and revenue recognition policies
                      (a)   Provision of the System integral software solutions
                            The Group earns revenue by (i) provision of the System integral software solutions through the
                            Group’s core product, the System in hospitals which enable hospitals to offer assessment and
                            intervention to their cognitive impairment patients; (ii) provision of the System integral software
                            solutions out of hospitals to individual patients. Revenue relating to provision of the System integral
                            software solutions in hospitals is recognized at a point in time when performance obligation is
                            completed and the Group has a present right to collect payment for the services performed. The
                            revenue relating to provision of the System integral software solutions out of hospitals is generated
                            from subscription contracts under which a prepayment was received from a customer for unlimited
                            number of services provided during the subscription period. The revenue relating to provision of
                            the System integral software solutions out of hospitals is recognized over time and prepayment
                            received is recognized as a contract liability and is released on a straight-line basis over the period
                            of services.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025   119




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




6.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     (ii)   Performance obligations for contracts with customers and revenue recognition policies
            (Continued)
            (b)   Research projects
                  The Group provides software development and data analysis service according to the customer’s
                  requirements.


                  Revenue relating to most of the research projects is recognized at a point in time when the
                  software development or the data analysis report is completed and accepted by customers. The
                  Group incurs costs to fulfil a contract in such research projects. The Group first assesses whether
                  these costs qualify for recognition as an asset in terms of other relevant standards, failing which
                  it recognizes an asset for these costs only if they meet all of the following criteria: (a) the costs
                  relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the Group can specifically identify;
                  (b) the costs generate or enhance resources of the Group that will be used in satisfying (or in
                  continuing to satisfy) performance obligations in the future; and (c) the costs are expected to be
                  recovered. The asset so recognized is subsequently amortized to profit or loss when the research
                  project is completed and the relevant software or data analysis report is accepted by customers.
                  The asset is subject to impairment review.


                  Revenue from certain research project is recognized over time as performance obligation is satisfied,
                  because the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the Group and
                  the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date. The progress
                  towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on input method,
                  which is to recognize revenue on the basis of the Group’s actual costs incurred on the relevant
                  projects relative to the total expected costs to the completion of the research projects, that best
                  depict the Group’s performance in transferring control of research services.
120   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      6.      REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
              (ii)    Performance obligations for contracts with customers and revenue recognition policies
                      (Continued)
                      (c)   Medical AI language model solutions
                            During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group entered into two contracts to provide
                            multiple deliverables to the customer, including sales of hardware, a self-developed general medical
                            and cognitive large-scale AI model software license, installation and deployment services. Each
                            of the deliverables mentioned above was accounted for as a separate performance obligation
                            because they have standalone functionality and are capable of being distinct. Revenue from sales of
                            hardware and software is recognized upon the receipt of customer acceptance after the installation
                            and deployment. Such acceptance is acknowledged through a signed document verifying that
                            the hardware and software are fully operational to the customer’s satisfaction. The Group also
                            provide after-sales maintenance services during the warranty period, which is considered as an
                            assurance-type warranty. The management of the Group has assessed that the financial impact of
                            warranty are expected to be insignificant.


              (iii)   Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for contracts with customers
                      For the services related to provision of the System integral software solutions in hospitals, the Group is
                      entitled to bill a fixed amount for each time of the assessment and intervention provided. The Group
                      elected to apply the practical expedient by recognizing revenue in the amount to which the Group has
                      right to invoice. As permitted under IFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts
                      is not disclosed.


                      Provision of the System integral software solutions out of hospitals, sales of medical AI language model
                      solutions and most of research projects are for periods of one year or less. As permitted by IFRS 15, the
                      transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied performance obligations is not disclosed.


                      The transaction price of research projects for the period over one year allocated to the remaining
                      performance obligations and the expected timing of recognizing revenue are as follows:


                                                                                                      As at               As at
                                                                                                December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                                       2025               2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000


                      Within one year                                                                       217            2,186
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025   121




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




6.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     (iv)   Segment information
            Information reported to the executive directors, being the chief operating decision makers (the “CODM”)
            for the purpose of resources allocation and assessment of segment performance, focuses on types of
            goods or services delivered or provided. The CODM assesses the operating performance and allocates
            resources of the Group as a whole, as all of the Group’s activities are considered to be primarily the
            provision of cognitive impairment DTx integral software solutions. Accordingly, the executive directors
            consider there is only one operating segment under the requirements of IFRS 8 Operating Segments. In
            this regard, no segment information is presented.


            Geographic information
            The Group’s operations are mainly located in Chinese Mainland. All of the revenue is derived from the
            customers located in Mainland China. Information about the Group’s non-current assets is presented
            based on the geographical location of the assets.


                                                                                        Non-current Assets
                                                                                   December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                          2025              2024
                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000


            Chinese Mainland                                                              48,604            44,499
            Hong Kong                                                                      9,852             4,082
            Japan                                                                          1,876                 –


                                                                                          60,332            48,581


            Note:   Non-current assets excluded financial instruments.
122   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      6.      REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
              (v)     Information about major customers
                      Revenue from customers of the corresponding years contributing over 10% of the total revenue of the
                      Group are as follows:


                                                                                                   For the           For the
                                                                                               year ended        year ended
                                                                                             December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                                     2025              2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000


                      Customer A                                                                    43,222            31,303
                      Customer B                                                                    24,997                 –
                      Customer C                                                                    24,779                 –


                      The revenue from customer A represents revenue from provision of the System integral software solutions
                      in hospitals and research projects. The revenue from customer B and customer C represent revenue from
                      sales of medical AI language model solutions.


      7.      OTHER INCOME
                                                                                                   For the           For the
                                                                                               year ended        year ended
                                                                                             December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                                     2025              2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000           RMB’000


              Interest income on bank balances,
                 term deposits and restricted bank deposits                                         12,665               518
              Interest income from rental deposits                                                     114               109
              Interest income from loan receivables                                                    873                 –
              Government grants related to research
                 and development activities                                                           2,285            1,083


              Total                                                                                 15,937             1,710
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025   123




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




8.   OTHER EXPENSES AND OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES, NET
                                                                                                  For the              For the
                                                                                              year ended           year ended
                                                                                            December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                                    2025                 2024
                                                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000


     Fair value gains on financial assets at FVTPL                                                    1,116                    5
     Loss on early repayments of long-term bond (Note 23)                                            (3,263)                   –
     Gain on re-estimated repayments of
       long-term bond (Note)                                                                               –              4,161
     (Losses) gains on disposal
       of property, plant and equipment                                                                 (63)                  2
     Losses on lease modifications and lease terminations                                              (876)                 (9)
     Net foreign exchange loss                                                                       (8,833)               (328)
     Loss on prepayment to a service vendor
       upon cancellation of a conference                                                             (2,500)                  –
     Others                                                                                            (172)               (505)


     Total                                                                                          (14,591)              3,326


     Note:   The repayments of long-term bond are re-estimated according to the expected listing date as the long-term bond will
             mature on the fifth anniversary of a qualified IPO (as detailed in Note 23).


9.   FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                                  For the              For the
                                                                                              year ended           year ended
                                                                                            December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                                    2025                 2024
                                                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000


     Interest on bank borrowing                                                                       3,979                517
     Interest expense on long-term bond                                                              19,452             21,003
     Interest on lease liabilities                                                                      555                505


     Total                                                                                           23,986             22,025
124   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      10.     INCOME TAX EXPENSE AND DEFERRED TAXATION
              Income tax expense
                                                                                                      For the            For the
                                                                                                  year ended         year ended
                                                                                                December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                                        2025               2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000


              Current tax:
                PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                                    10                 4
              Under provision in respect of prior year:
                PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                                    90                48


              Total                                                                                        100                 52


              The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands and is exempted from income tax.


              No Hong Kong profit tax was provided for as there was no estimated assessable profit of the Group’s Hong
              Kong subsidiary that was subject to Hong Kong profit tax during the year ended December 31, 2025 (2024: nil).


              Under the law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and implementation regulations of the EIT
              Law, the statutory tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25%.


              Beijing Zhijingling Technology Co., Ltd.* (北京智精靈科技有限公司) (“Beijing Zhijingling”) have been accredited
              as a High-New Technology Enterprise (the “HNTE”) by the Science and Technology Bureau of Beijing and
              relevant authorities in December 2019 for a term of three years ended December, 2021. The HNTE qualification
              of Beijing Zhijingling was further renewed and extended to October 2028. Beijing Zhijingling was subject to a
              preferential income tax rate of 15% from year 2019 to 2028. Pursuant to the notice of the Ministry of Finance
              and the State Administration of Taxation on extending the loss carrying forward period of HNTE and high-tech
              small and medium enterprises (Cai Shui 2018 No. 76), with effect from January 1, 2018, for qualified HNTE and
              high-tech small and medium enterprises, the unutilized tax losses incurred in the previous 5 years can be utilized
              in 10 years from the year of loss. The unutilized tax losses of Beijing Zhijingling incurred since year 2014 will be
              expired in 10 years from the year of loss.
                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2025    125




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




10.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE AND DEFERRED TAXATION (CONTINUED)
      Income tax expense (Continued)
      Income tax expense can be reconciled to loss before tax per the consolidated statements of profit or loss and
      other comprehensive income as follows:


                                                                                                         For the              For the
                                                                                                     year ended           year ended
                                                                                                   December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                                           2025                 2024
                                                                                                       RMB’000              RMB’000


      Loss before tax                                                                                    (316,264)            (198,558)


      Tax at the statutory tax rate of 25%                                                                 (79,066)            (49,640)
      Effect of preferential tax rates                                                                      20,307              13,651
      Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose (Note i)                                        17,617              12,953
      Under provision in respect of prior year                                                                  90                  48
      Tax effect of super deduction for research and
        development expenses (Note ii)                                                                      (6,989)              (5,030)
      Tax effect of deductible temporary differences
        not recognized                                                                                       5,686                2,014
      Tax effect of tax losses not recognized and utilization
        of tax losses not recognized previously                                                             42,455              26,056


                                                                                                                100                   52


      Notes:

      i.       Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose mainly includes share-based payments and the listing expenses
               of the Company.


      ii.      Pursuant to Caishui 2023 circular No. 7, Beijing Zhijingling, the PRC subsidiary of BrainAurora Zhejiang enjoy accelerated
               deduction of 200% on qualifying research and development expenses from January 1, 2023.
126   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      10.     INCOME TAX EXPENSE AND DEFERRED TAXATION (CONTINUED)
              Deferred taxation
              For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statements of financial position, certain deferred tax assets
              and liabilities have been offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting
              purposes:


                                                                                                      As at                 As at
                                                                                                December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                                       2025                 2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000              RMB’000


              Deferred tax assets                                                                        4,575              3,363
              Deferred tax liabilities                                                                  (4,575)            (3,363)


                                                                                                              –                 –


              The followings are the deferred tax liabilities and assets recognized and movements thereon:


                                                                                     Right-of-use          Lease
                                                                      Tax losses           assets      liabilities        Total
                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


              At January 1, 2024                                               98          (3,237)         3,139                –
              (Charge) credit to profit or loss                               (94)           (126)           220                –


              At December 31, 2024                                              4          (3,363)         3,359                –
              Credit (charge) to profit or loss                               541          (1,212)           671                –


              At December 31, 2025                                            545          (4,575)         4,030                –
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   127




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                               FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




10.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE AND DEFERRED TAXATION (CONTINUED)
      Deferred taxation (Continued)
      As at December 31, 2025, the Group had estimated unused tax losses of approximately RMB739,267,000
      (2024: RMB506,304,000), respectively, which are available for offset against future profits. Deferred tax asset
      has been recognized in respect of approximately RMB2,180,000 of such losses as at December 31, 2025
      (2024: RMB16,000). No deferred tax asset has been recognized in respect of the remaining approximately
      RMB737,087,000 due to the unpredictability of future profit streams as at December 31, 2025 (2024:
      RMB506,288,000).


      The unrecognized tax losses with expiry dates are disclosed in the following table:


                                                                                            As at               As at
                                                                                      December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                             2025               2024
                                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000


      2026                                                                                     1,877             1,877
      2027                                                                                     3,477             3,477
      2028                                                                                    41,730            42,326
      2029                                                                                    28,001            31,524
      2030                                                                                    85,753             3,282
      2031                                                                                    63,785            63,785
      2032                                                                                   146,218           146,218
      2033                                                                                   120,737           120,737
      2034                                                                                    93,062            93,062
      2035                                                                                   152,447                 –


      Total                                                                                  737,087           506,288


      As at December 31, 2025, the Group has deductible temporary differences of RMB38,486,000 (2024:
      RMB13,352,000) in relation to the impairment loss under ECL model and certain expenses. No deferred tax asset
      has been recognized in relation to such deductible temporary differences as it is not probable that taxable profit
      will be available against which the deductible temporary differences can be utilized.
128   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      11.     LOSS FOR THE YEAR
                                                                            For the         For the
                                                                        year ended      year ended
                                                                      December 31,    December 31,
                                                                              2025            2024
                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000


              Loss for the year has been arrived at after charging:
              Staff costs, including directors’ remuneration
                – salaries and other allowances                             82,652          67,653
                – performance related bonuses                                4,141           3,284
                – retirement benefits                                        7,789           7,219
                – equity-settled share-based payments included
                   in selling and distribution expenses                     14,395          12,382
                – equity-settled share-based payments
                   included in administrative expenses                      31,723          27,273
                – equity-settled share-based payments included
                   in research and development expenses                     31,093          27,112


              Total staff costs                                            171,793         144,923


              Auditor’s remuneration                                         1,800           1,800
              Listing expenses                                               2,670          26,852


              Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                 13,449          16,847
              Depreciation of right-of-use assets                           11,243           8,718
              Amortization of intangible assets                              1,487           1,580


              Total depreciation and amortization                           26,179          27,145


              Short-term lease expense                                         108              97
              Sub-contracting costs in relation to clinical trials
                included in research and development expenses                3,047           1,912
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025   129




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




12.   DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS
      Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the applicable Listing Rules and
      Hong Kong Companies Ordinance are as follows:


      Year ended December 31, 2025


                                                                                                       Equity
                                                        Salaries   Performance                        Settled
                                                     and other          related    Retirement    Share-based
                                                    allowances         bonuses        benefits     payments          Total
                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


      Executive directors:
      Mr. Tan Zheng                                     14,446             200             16         26,198          40,860
      Dr. Wang Xiaoyi (Note a)                             547               –             47         12,119          12,713


      Sub-total                                         14,993             200             63         38,317          53,573


      Non-executive directors:
      Mr. Li Sirui                                            –               –             –               –              –
      Ms. Li Mingqiu                                          –               –             –               –              –
      Mr. Deng Feng                                           –               –             –               –              –


      Sub-total                                               –               –             –               –              –


      Independent non-executive directors:
      Mr. Lam Yiu Por (Note b)                              273               –             –               –            273
      Dr. Duan Tao (Note b)                                 273               –             –               –            273
      Mr. Li Yuezhong (Notes b&c)                           250               –             –               –            250
      Mr. Tu Lei (Note c)                                    23               –             –               –             23


      Sub-total                                             819               –             –               –            819


      Chief executive officer:
      Mr. Cai Longjun (Note c)                            1,227             94             70         13,840          15,231


      Total                                             17,039             294            133         52,157          69,623
130   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      12.     DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS (CONTINUED)
              Year ended December 31, 2024

                                                                                                                 Equity
                                                              Salaries   Performance                            Settled
                                                           and other           related      Retirement     Share-based
                                                          allowances         bonuses           benefits      payments             Total
                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000


              Executive directors:
              Mr. Tan Zheng                                     1,022                –               47          22,538           23,607
              Dr. Wang Xiaoyi                                     818               60               68          22,386           23,332

              Sub-total                                         1,840               60              115          44,924           46,939

              Non-executive directors:
              Mr. Li Sirui                                           –                –                –               –                –
              Ms. Li Mingqiu                                         –                –                –               –                –
              Mr. Deng Feng                                          –                –                –               –                –

              Sub-total                                              –                –                –               –                –

              Independent non-executive
                directors:
              Mr. Lam Yiu Por (Note b)                               –                –                –               –                –
              Dr. Duan Tao (Note b)                                  –                –                –               –                –
              Mr. Li Yuezhong (Note b)                               –                –                –               –                –

              Sub-total                                              –                –                –               –                –

              Total                                             1,840               60              115          44,924           46,939

              Notes:

              a.       Dr. Wang Xiaoyi resigned from his position as executive director and chief executive officer of the Company on June
                       19, 2025.

              b.       Mr. Lam Yiu Por, Dr. Duan Tao and Mr. Li Yuezhong were appointed as independent non-executive directors on
                       December 19, 2024.

              c.       Mr. Li Yuezhong resigned from his position as independent non-executive director of the Company on November 18,
                       2025 and Mr. Tu Lei was appointed as independent non-executive director on the same day. Mr. Cai Longjun was
                       appointed as the chief executive officer of the Company on November 18, 2025.

              The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management
              of the affairs of the Group.

              Mr. Tan Zheng, Dr. Wang Xiaoyi and Mr. Cai Longjun were granted equity interest in the Company at a discount
              to the fair value, in respect of their services to the Group, of which details are set out in Note 30.

              There was no arrangement under which a director of the Company or the chief executive of the Group waived
              or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year ended December 31, 2025 (2024: nil).
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025   131




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




13.   FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
      The five highest paid employees of the Group included three directors or chief executive for the year ended
      December 31, 2025 (2024: two), respectively, details of whose remuneration are set out in Note 12 above.
      Details of the remuneration for the remaining two employees who are not a director of the Company or chief
      executive of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2025 (2024: three) were as follows:

                                                                                       For the             For the
                                                                                   year ended          year ended
                                                                                 December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                         2025                2024
                                                                                     RMB’000             RMB’000


      Salaries and other allowances                                                       1,908              3,119
      Performance related bonuses                                                           212                180
      Retirement benefits                                                                   140                204
      Equity-settled share-based payments                                                 2,179             12,873


      Total                                                                               4,439             16,376


      The number of the highest paid employees who are not the directors of the Company or chief executive of the
      Group whose remuneration fell within the following bands is as follows:

                                                                                       For the             For the
                                                                                   year ended          year ended
                                                                                 December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                         2025                2024
                                                                                        No. of              No. of
                                                                                   employees            employees


      Hong Kong dollar (“HKD”) 2,000,001 to HKD2,500,000                                       1                   –
      HKD2,500,001 to HKD3,000,000                                                             1                   2
      HKD16,500,001 to HKD17,000,000                                                           –                   1


      Total                                                                                    2                   3


      During the year ended December 31, 2025, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors of
      the Company or the five highest paid employees as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as
      compensation for loss of office (2024: nil).

14.   DIVIDENDS
      No dividend has been paid or declared by the Company during the year ended December 31, 2025, nor has any
      dividend declaration been proposed since the end of the reporting period (2024: nil).
132   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      15.     LOSS PER SHARE
              The calculation of the basic and diluted loss per share attributable to owners of the Company is based on the
              following data:

                                                                                                    For the           For the
                                                                                                year ended        year ended
                                                                                              December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                                      2025              2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000


              Loss
              Loss for the purpose of basic loss per share                                         (314,861)         (198,282)
              Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
              Adjustment of fair value gain on Series A-1 Preferred Shares                                  –          (30,116)


              Loss for the purpose of diluted loss per share                                       (314,861)         (228,398)


                                                                                                    For the           For the
                                                                                                year ended        year ended
                                                                                              December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                                       2025             2024
                                                                                                     Shares            Shares
                                                                                                      (’000)            (’000)


              Number of shares
              Weighted average number of Ordinary
                Shares (defined in Note 27) for the purpose
                of basic loss per share                                                           1,175,800           904,122
              Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
              Conversion of Series A-1 Preferred Shares                                                     –          95,878


              Weighted average number of ordinary shares for the
               purpose of diluted loss per share                                                  1,175,800         1,000,000


              The weighted average number of Ordinary Shares for the purpose of calculating basic loss per share for the
              years ended December 31, 2025 has been determined on the assumptions that the Share Subdivision as set out
              in Note 28 had been effective since January 1, 2025 and the ordinary shares issued to HoldCo are not treated
              as outstanding Ordinary Shares and excluded in the calculation of basic loss per share.

              The weighted average number of Ordinary Shares for the purpose of calculating basic loss per share for the years
              ended December 31, 2024 has been determined on the assumptions that the Share Subdivision as set out in Note
              28 had been effective since January 1, 2024 and the Series A-1 Preferred Shares and the ordinary shares issued
              to HoldCo are not treated as outstanding Ordinary Shares and excluded in the calculation of basic loss per share.

              For the purpose of calculation of diluted loss per share for the year ended December 31, 2025, and 2024, it did
              not take into account the effect of the share awards of the Company since the assumed vesting would result
              in a decrease in loss per share.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   133




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




16.   PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                          Office                                   Leasehold    Construction
                                      equipment     Machineries     Vehicles    improvement      in progress         Total
                                        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000


      COST
      At January 1, 2024                   9,385          9,767        1,142          22,703             472         43,469
      Additions                            5,626          4,657          733               –           5,777         16,793
      Transfer                                 –              –            –           3,479          (3,479)             –
      Disposals                              (35)           (41)           –               –               –            (76)


      At December 31, 2024                14,976         14,383        1,875          26,182           2,770         60,186
      Additions                            6,766          4,924        2,093           1,335           2,689         17,807
      Transfer                                 –              –            –           5,037          (5,037)             –
      Disposals                               (6)           (61)        (733)        (17,371)              –        (18,171)


      At December 31, 2025                21,736         19,246        3,235          15,183            422          59,822


      ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
      At January 1, 2024                   3,989          3,054         110           12,813               –         19,966
      Provided for the year                3,246          4,044         137            9,420               –         16,847
      Disposals                               (7)            (6)          –                –               –            (13)


      At December 31, 2024                 7,228          7,092          247          22,233               –         36,800
      Provided for the year                3,777          5,286          264           4,122               –         13,449
      Disposals                               (3)           (21)        (146)        (17,371)              –        (17,541)


      At December 31, 2025                11,002         12,357         365            8,984               –         32,708


      CARRYING VALUES
      At December 31, 2025                10,734          6,889        2,870           6,199            422          27,114


      At December 31, 2024                 7,748          7,291        1,628           3,949           2,770         23,386


      Property, plant and equipment other than construction in progress are depreciated using the straight-line method
      after taking into account of their estimated residual values with the following useful lives:


      Office equipment                      3 years to 5 years
      Machineries                           3 years
      Vehicles                              5 years
      Leasehold improvement                 Shorter of lease terms or cooperation terms with hospitals and 5 years
134   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      17.     RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
                                               Leasehold
                                               properties
                                                RMB’000


              COST
              At January 1, 2024                  22,646
              Additions                            8,316
              Early termination of a lease        (1,891)
              Reduction of the leased space       (2,673)
              Lease modified                      10,786


              At December 31, 2024                 37,184
              Additions                             9,356
              Early termination of a lease        (19,010)
              Lease modified                        7,645


              At December 31, 2025                35,175


              ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
              At January 1, 2024                    9,491
              Charge for the year                   8,718
              Early termination of a lease           (806)
              Reduction of the leased space        (1,258)


              At December 31, 2024                 16,145
              Charge for the year                  11,243
              Early termination of a lease        (10,320)


              At December 31, 2025                17,068


              CARRYING VALUES
              At December 31, 2025                18,107


              At December 31, 2024                21,039
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   135




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




17.   RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                               For the            For the
                                                                                           year ended         year ended
                                                                                         December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                                 2025               2024
                                                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000


      Short-term lease expense                                                                      108                 97
      Total cash outflow for leases                                                              12,031              8,948


      Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the lease terms.


      The Group leases properties to operate its business. These leases are made for fixed terms of 2 to 4 years. Lease
      terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain different payment terms and conditions. In determining
      the lease term and assessing the length of the non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a
      contract and determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.


      The Group’s lease agreements do not contain any contingent rent nor any extension, termination option or
      purchase option for lessee. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests
      in the leased properties that are held by the lessor. Leased properties may not be used as security for borrowing
      purposes.


      The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for properties. As at December 31, 2025 and 2024, the
      portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases to which the short-term lease expense
      is disclosed in Note 11.
136   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      18.     INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                          Data
                                                       Software         Patent         package          Others           Total
                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


              COST
              At January 1, 2024                           3,236           2,000                –            200           5,436
              Additions                                      267               –                –              –             267


              At December 31, 2024                         3,503           2,000               –             200          5,703
              Additions                                    5,560             500           5,189               –         11,249


              At December 31, 2025                         9,063           2,500           5,189             200         16,952


              AMORTIZATION
              At January 1, 2024                             986             128                –            100           1,214
              Charge for the year                            880             600                –            100           1,580


              At December 31, 2024                         1,866             728               –             200           2,794
              Charge for the year                            661             436             390               –           1,487


              At December 31, 2025                         2,527           1,164             390             200           4,281


              CARRYING VALUE
              At December 31, 2025                         6,536           1,336           4,799                –        12,671


              At December 31, 2024                         1,637           1,272                –               –          2,909


              The above intangible assets have finite useful lives, and are amortized on a straight-line basis over the following
              periods:


              Software                               3 years to 10 years
              Patent                                 5 years
              Data package                           10 years
              Others                                 2 years
                                                                                           Annual Report 2025   137




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                    FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




19.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS
                                                                                As at               As at
                                                                          December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                 2025               2024
                                                                              RMB’000            RMB’000


      Trade receivables                                                         143,491            105,312
      Less: allowance for credit losses                                         (50,346)           (12,371)


                                                                                 93,145             92,941


      Prepayments to suppliers and service providers                              9,687             19,453
      Deferred share issue costs                                                      –              8,206
      Rental deposits                                                             3,735              4,117
      Short-term loan receivables (Note i)                                       20,853              4,400
      Long-term loan receivables (Note ii)                                        6,000                  –
      Receivables from third party payment platforms                                629              2,879
      Advances to employees/a related party                                       1,919              2,059
      Value added tax recoverable                                                 3,115              1,541
      Prepayments for purchase of property, plant and equipment                     183              1,146
      Prepayments for purchase of intangible assets                               2,257                101
      Other deposits                                                                433                616
      Others                                                                        332                791


      Total                                                                     142,288            138,250


      Analyzed as:
      Non-current                                                                13,539              4,029
      Current                                                                   128,749            134,221


      Total                                                                     142,288            138,250


      Trade and other receivables and prepayments denominated in:
      USD                                                                        14,058                  –
      HKD                                                                         1,585                842
      RMB                                                                       126,645            137,408


                                                                                142,288            138,250
138   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      19.     TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
              Notes:

              i.       These receivables were short-term loans to non-related parties and employees, with fixed interest rates from nil to
                       5.6%, and repayable within one year. The amount of RMB14,300,000 is guaranteed by third parties and the remaining
                       are unsecured and unguaranteed. As the date of this report, RMB15,978,000 (including USD2,131,000, approximately
                       to RMB14,058,000) has been repaid.


              ii.      This receivable was long-term loan to a non-related party, with fixed interest rate 2.3% per annum, and repayable in
                       five years for both principal and interest. The amount is unsecured and unguaranteed.


              As at January 1, 2024, trade receivables from contracts with customers amounted to RMB78,062,000.


              Before accepting any new customer, the Group uses an internal credit scoring system to assess the potential
              customer’s credit quality and defines credit limits by customer. The Group allows a credit period of 30 to 180
              days to its customers. The following is an aged analysis of trade receivables, net of allowance for credit losses,
              presented based on the respective revenue recognition dates at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                                             As at                As at
                                                                                                       December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                                              2025                2024
                                                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000


              Trade receivables
              0~90 days                                                                                        34,884              33,425
              91~180 days                                                                                      25,237              18,545
              181~270 days                                                                                     16,166              14,654
              271~360 days                                                                                      6,474              10,546
              361~720 days                                                                                     10,384              15,771


              Total                                                                                            93,145              92,941


              As at December 31, 2025, included in the Group’s trade receivables balance are debtors with aggregate carrying
              amount of RMB78,082,000 (2024: RMB78,845,000) which are past due as at the reporting date. Out of the
              past due balances, RMB47,899,000 (2024: RMB51,094,000) has been past due 90 days or more and is not
              considered as in default because the customers are mainly state-owned hospitals which are with high credit
              ratings and frequently repay after due dates but usually settle the amounts in full and the amounts are still
              considered recoverable.


              Details of impairment assessment of trade and other receivables are set out in Note 31.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2025   139




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




20.   RESTRICTED BANK DEPOSITS
                                                                                         As at              As at
                                                                                   December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                          2025              2024
                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000


      Restricted bank deposits for bank borrowings (Note 26)                             101,026                 –
      Restricted bank deposits for long-term bond (Note 23)                                    –            69,495
      Others                                                                                 167                 –


                                                                                         101,193            69,495


      Analyzed as:
      Non-current                                                                              –                 –
      Current                                                                            101,193            69,495


                                                                                         101,193            69,495


      Restricted bank deposits denominated in:
      USD                                                                                101,026                 –
      RMB                                                                                    167            69,495


                                                                                         101,193            69,495


      Restricted bank deposits for bank borrowings carried fixed interest rates which range from 0.05% to 4.23% per
      annum as at December 31, 2025 (2024: 0.10%).
140   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      21.     BANK BALANCES AND CASH
                                                                                                           As at               As at
                                                                                                     December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                                            2025               2024
                                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000


              Cash on hand                                                                                       42                 3
              Bank balances (Note i)                                                                        225,061           343,879


              Cash and cash equivalents                                                                     225,103           343,882


              Term deposits with original maturity
                over three months and within one year (Note ii)                                             205,255                    –


                                                                                                            430,358           343,882


              Bank balances and cash denominated in:
              RMB                                                                                            80,546            22,742
              HKD                                                                                            11,582                 –
              USD                                                                                           338,230           321,140


                                                                                                            430,358           343,882


              Notes:

              i        Bank balances carried interest at prevailing market rate of nil to 3.39% per annum as at December 31, 2025 (2024:
                       nil to 1.05% per annum).

              ii       Term deposits carried fixed interest rates which range from 3.20% to 3.70% per annum as at December 31, 2025.
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025   141




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




22.   TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                                   As at                As at
                                                                                             December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                                    2025                2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000


      Trade payables                                                                                 18,759               3,419
      Accrued salaries and other allowances                                                           9,964              10,259
      Refund payables (Note)                                                                            703               3,242
      Deposits for the hardware for cognitive training
        out of hospital                                                                              12,707               7,043
      Payables for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                                       3,796               1,265
      Accrued listing expenses and share issue costs                                                      –              25,255
      Other tax payables                                                                              2,302               1,860
      Payables for research and development activities                                                1,776               1,353
      Others                                                                                          1,359               2,394


                                                                                                     51,366              56,090


      Trade and other payables denominated in:
      USD                                                                                                 –              19,717
      HKD                                                                                                 –                 378
      RMB                                                                                            51,366              35,995


                                                                                                     51,366              56,090


      Note:   In December 2020, the Group terminated certain contracts related to sales of the System with distributors and a
              contract related to service for software development. These balances represent refundable prepayments received from
              distributors and customer as agreed compensation for the early termination of contracts.


      The credit period granted by service providers is generally within 30 days. The following is an aged analysis of
      trade payables based on the date when service provided at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                                   As at                As at
                                                                                             December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                                    2025                2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000


      Trade payables
      within 1 year                                                                                  18,711               3,419
      over 1 year                                                                                        48                   –


      Total                                                                                          18,759               3,419
142   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      23.     LONG-TERM BOND
                                                                                                     As at               As at
                                                                                               December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000


              Carrying amounts repayable:
                Within one year                                                                             –            74,663
                Between two to five years                                                             202,314                 –
                More than five years                                                                        –           271,617


                                                                                                      202,314           346,280


              Less: Amounts due within one year shown under current liabilities                              –          (74,663)


              Amounts shown under non-current liabilities                                             202,314           271,617


              In July 2021, BrainAurora Zhejiang entered into a long-term bond subscription agreement and a supplementary
              agreement with Shaoxing Binhai New Area Biomedical Industry Equity Investment Fund Partnership (LP)* (紹興
              濱海新區生物醫藥產業股權投資基金合夥企業(有限合夥)) (“Shaoxing Fund”). The aggregate subscription amount
              was RMB300 million. The long-term bond carries nominal interests of 6% per annum and will mature on the
              fifth anniversary of a qualified IPO of the Group (since the Company have been listed on January 8, 2025, the
              long-term bond will mature on January 8, 2030). BrainAurora Zhejiang shall pay the nominal interest of 6% per
              annum calculated on a simple basis up to December 31, 2025 no later than December 31, 2025. The principal
              and the interest from January 1, 2026 to the maturity date shall be settled within seven working days from the
              maturity date. The total subscription amount of RMB300 million was received in August 2021. Shaoxing Fund
              may exercise its conversion option in relation to the long-term bond of no more than RMB100 million before the
              submission of the listing application which no later than December 31, 2025 and the conversion price is subject
              to further negotiation between the Shaoxing Fund and BrainAurora Zhejiang. The long-term bond includes
              conversion option that do not meet equity instrument classification by applying IAS 32 Financial Instruments:
              Presentation. The host debt component is measured at amortized cost and the derivative component of the
              conversion option is measured at fair value. Since there is no specific conversion price in the agreement, the fair
              value of the conversion option is considered nil. Therefore, the financial liability is measured at amortized cost
              and the effective interest rate calculated after taking into account of nominal interest rate and other directly
              related issue costs is 6.23%.

              In June 2023, the Group and Shaoxing Fund signed a supplementary agreement, pursuant to which the
              conversion right, and the original guarantee obligation of certain shareholders and their close family members
              and friends were cancelled. The Group set up a new bank account and made deposits of RMB300,000,000 to
              this account according to the above supplementary agreement and the withdrawal from the account is subject
              to approval of Shaoxing Fund. The restriction of withdrawal endorsement was waived on January 14, 2025.
              In June 2025, BrainAurora Zhejiang and Shaoxing Fund signed another supplementary agreement, pursuant
              to which, all early repaid principal before December 31, 2025 will cease to accrue interest from the date of
              repayment. BrainAurora Zhejiang repaid the principal of RMB90,000,000 to Shaoxing Fund on June 27, 2025
              and the adjustment of RMB3,263,000 to the carrying amount of the long-term bond is recognized in profit or
              loss at the date of modification. BrainAurora Zhejiang paid RMB76,680,000 interest in December 2025.

              *       English names are for identification purpose only.
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2025   143




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




24.   LEASE LIABILITIES
      The exposure of the Group’s lease liabilities are as follows:


                                                                                                  As at                 As at
                                                                                            December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                                   2025                 2024
                                                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000


      Lease liabilities payable:
      Within one year                                                                                 7,621             11,823
      Within a period of more than one year but
        not more than two years                                                                       5,444               6,255
      More than two years, but not exceeding five years                                               4,054               2,663


                                                                                                     17,119             20,741
      Less: Amount due for settlement with 12 months shown
             under current liabilities                                                               (7,621)            (11,823)


      Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under
       non-current liabilities                                                                        9,498               8,918


      Lease liabilities denominated in:
      USD                                                                                             4,509              2,588
      Japanese yen (“JPY”)                                                                            1,644                  –
      RMB                                                                                            10,966             18,153


                                                                                                     17,119             20,741


      The lease liabilities are measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not yet paid. The incremental
      borrowing rates applied to lease liabilities range from 2.60% to 4.00% per annum as at December 31, 2025
      (2024: 3.50% to 4.00% per annum).


      The Group does not face a significant liquidity risk with regard to its lease liabilities. Lease liabilities are monitored
      within the Group’s treasury function.
144   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      25.     CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                               As at             As at
                                                                                         December 31,     December 31,
                                                                                                2025             2024
                                                                                             RMB’000          RMB’000


              Research projects                                                                     169          1,099
              Provision of the System integral software solutions in hospitals                      387            168
              Provision of the System integral software solutions out of hospitals               17,251          8,697
              Other sales                                                                            10            111


                                                                                                 17,817         10,075


              As at January 1, 2024, contract liabilities from customers amounted to RMB3,930,000.


              Revenue recognized during the year ended December 31, 2025 related to contract liabilities balance at the
              beginning of the period amounted to RMB9,965,000 (2024: RMB3,804,000).
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025    145




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                          FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




26.   BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS
                                                                                                        As at                 As at
                                                                                                  December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                                         2025                 2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000


      Other borrowing (Note i)                                                                              7,029               7,189
      Bank borrowings (Note ii)                                                                           339,060              14,072


                                                                                                          346,089              21,261


      Bank and other borrowings denominated in:
      USD                                                                                                   7,029               7,189
      RMB                                                                                                 339,060              14,072


                                                                                                          346,089              21,261


      Notes:

      i.       In December 2022, BrainAu Medical Technology (Delaware) Co., LLC (“BrainAu (Delaware)”), a subsidiary of the Group,
               entered into a financing agreement with China Frontier Capital Holding Ltd., a shareholder of the Group. According
               to the original financing agreement, the borrowing amounted to USD1 million and is interest free and is due after the
               U.S. Food and Drug Administration approves the Section 510(k) registration for the Cognitive Impairment Assessment
               Software and Cognitive Impairment Treatment Software in the United States of America. During the year ended
               December 31, 2025, the payment term of the borrowing has been modified to payable no later than December 2027.

      ii.      All the bank borrowings carried fixed interests and will mature within one year. The interest rate of the bank borrowings
               as at December 31, 2025 ranged from 2.10% to 3.40% (December 31, 2024: 3.00% to 5.00%) per annum. As at
               December 31, 2025, bank borrowing of RMB90,330,000 was secured by bank deposits amounted to USD14,373,000
               (approximately to RMB101,026,000) as disclosed in Note 20. The rest of bank borrowings of RMB248,730,000 are
               unsecured and unguaranteed.
146   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      27.     FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FVTPL
                                                                                                     As at               As at
                                                                                               December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                                                   RMB’000            RMB’000


              Series A-1 Preferred Shares                                                                    –          285,428


              On July 30, 2023, as part of the reorganization, the Company issued 95,878 series A-1 preferred shares (“Series
              A-1 Preferred Shares”) which had preferential rights including liquidation preferences, anti-dilution right and
              redemption right and 30,976 series A-2 preferred shares (“Series A-2 Preferred Shares”) which had priority to sell
              shares to new investors. The Group has no contractual obligation to deliver cash or a variable number of shares
              to shareholders of Series A-2 Preferred Shares and thus the Series A-2 Preferred Shares meet the definition of
              equity. The Company’s ordinary shares and Series A-2 Preferred Shares are collectively referred to as “Ordinary
              Shares”.


              The shareholders of Series A-1 Preferred Shares Preferred Shares have the rights to convert their respective Series
              A-1 Preferred Shares into ordinary shares at any time after the date of issuance. Series A-1 Preferred Shares shall
              be automatically converted into ordinary shares upon the closing of the listing. The conversion ratio for Series
              A-1 Preferred Shares to ordinary shares is 1:1.


              The key terms of preferential rights for Series A-1 Preferred Shares are summarized as follows:


              (a)     Liquidation preferences
                      In the event of any liquidation including deemed liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company,
                      the shareholders of Series A-1 Preferred Shares (“Series A-1 Preferred Shareholders”) shall be entitled to
                      receive the amount equal to USD3 million principal investment plus interest of 12% per annum calculated
                      on a simple basis from the issue date of the Series A Financing and no greater than USD6 million.


              (b)     Anti-dilution right
                      If without the prior written consent of the Series A-1 Preferred Shareholders, the Company issues new
                      share(s) at a price less than Series A-1 Preferred Shareholders (except for the price of shares pursuant to
                      or in connection with the global offering under the listing, restructuring, and employee share incentive
                      plan), the Series A-1 Preferred Shareholders shall have the right to request for the Company or founder
                      parties (“Founder Parties”) including ZTan Limited, Wispirits Limited, Wiseforward Limited or Neurobright
                      Limited (companies wholly owned by or controlled by Mr. Tan Zheng or Dr. Wang Xiaoyi) to compensate
                      in cash, so that the amount paid by the Series A-1 Preferred Shareholders divided by the total shares
                      obtained is not higher than the price of the newly issued shares.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   147




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




27.   FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FVTPL (CONTINUED)
      (c)    Redemption right
             The investment from the Series A-1 Preferred Shareholders shall be redeemed by the Company and/or the
             Founder Parties, at the option of the Series A-1 Preferred Shareholders if the Company failed to complete
             a qualified IPO before December 31, 2024, which was extended to December 31, 2025 in March 2024
             and was further extended to June 30, 2026 in October 2024, and/or upon the occurrence of certain
             contingent events. The Series A-1 Preferred Shareholders shall be entitled to receive the redemption
             amount equal to the USD3 million principal investment plus interest of 12% per annum or 20% per
             annum calculated on a simple basis.


      Presentation and classification
      The Group has designated Series A-1 Preference Shares which contain redemption features and other embedded
      derivatives as financial liabilities at FVTPL on initial recognition.


      The fair value change of Series A-1 Preferred Shares is recognized to profit or loss except for the portion
      attributable to credit risk change which shall be recognized to other comprehensive income, if any. The Directors
      considered that the credit risk change on the financial liabilities that drive the fair value change of the financial
      liabilities during the years ended December 31, 2024 is immaterial.


      The movements in the financial liabilities at FVTPL are as follows:


                                                                                                              Series A-1
                                                                                                               Preferred
                                                                                                                  Shares
                                                                                                                RMB’000


      At January 1, 2024                                                                                        315,544
      Change in fair value                                                                                      (30,116)


      At December 31, 2024                                                                                       285,428
      Reclassification                                                                                          (285,428)


      At December 31, 2025                                                                                               –


      The fair value of the Series A-1 Preferred Shares at December 31, 2024 was determined with reference to the
      offer price in the prospectus of the Company dated December 30, 2024.


      The Series A-1 Preferred Shares have been converted to 95,878,000 ordinary shares upon listing on January 8,
      2025 and were reclassified from financial liabilities to equity at their fair value of RMB285,428,000.
148   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      28.     SHARE CAPITAL
                                                             Number of      Share
                                                                shares     capital
                                                                             USD


              Ordinary shares
                Ordinary shares of USD0.0000001 each     500,000,000,000   50,000


              Authorized
              As at January 1, 2024, December 31, 2024
                and January 1, 2025                         499,904,122    49,990
              Reclassification of
                Series A-1 Preferred Shares (Note 27)             95,878       10
              Share Subdivision (Note i)                 499,500,000,000        –


              As at December 31, 2025                    500,000,000,000   50,000


              Issued and fully paid
              As at January 1, 2024, December 31, 2024
                 and January 1, 2025                            989,288        99
              Reclassification of
                 Series A-1 Preferred Shares (Note 27)            95,878       10
              Share Subdivision (Note i)                   1,084,080,834        –
              Issue of shares upon the IPO (Note ii)         181,112,000       18


              As at December 31, 2025                      1,266,278,000      127
                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2025   149




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




28.   SHARE CAPITAL (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                       As at                 As at
                                                                                                 December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                                        2025                 2024
                                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000


      Presented as                                                                                              1                   1


      Notes:

      i.       Pursuant to the written resolutions of all shareholders of the Company passed on December 24, 2024, each share in
               the then issued and unissued share capital with par value of USD0.0001 each has been split into 1,000 shares of the
               corresponding class with nominal value of USD0.0000001 each effective upon listing (the “Share Subdivision”).

      ii.      On January 8, 2025, 181,112,000 ordinary shares with par value of USD0.0000001 each of the Company were issued
               at HKD3.22 by way of public offer resulting in an increase of the share capital of US$18.1 (equivalent to approximately
               RMB130). An amount of RMB539,168,000, being the excess of the consideration received of HKD583,181,000
               (equivalent to approximately RMB539,168,000) over the par value of the ordinary shares of RMB130, was credited to
               share premium. On the same date, the Company’s shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange.


29.   RETIREMENT BENEFITS PLANS
      The PRC employees of the Group are members of a state-managed retirement benefits plan operated by the
      government of the PRC. BrainAurora Zhejiang and its PRC subsidiaries are required to contribute a specified
      percentage of payroll costs to the retirement benefits plan to fund the employee benefits. The only obligation
      of the Group with respect to the retirement benefits plan is to make the specified contributions. The retirement
      benefits cost charged to profit or loss for the year ended December 31, 2025 amounted to RMB7,789,000 (2024:
      RMB7,219,000). As at December 31, 2025, contributions of RMB682,000 (2024: RMB602,000) due in respect
      of the year ended December 31, 2025 had not been paid over to the plans. The amounts were paid subsequent
      to the end of the reporting period.
150   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      30.     SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS
              On July 30, 2023 (the “Adoption Date”), the Company adopted a pre-IPO share award scheme (the “Pre-IPO
              Share Award Scheme”) to recognize and reward the contributions of certain eligible employees of the Group,
              and incentivize them for their future contribution to the continual operation and development of the Company.
              Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the board of directors, the Pre-IPO Share Award
              Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of 10 years commencing on the Adoption Date.


              Under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme, the maximum number of awards that may be granted under the Pre-IPO
              Share Award Scheme in aggregate (excluding the awards that have lapsed or been cancelled in accordance
              with the rules of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme) shall be 85,166 shares held or to be held by HoldCo for the
              purpose of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme.


              On July 31, 2023, the Company granted 85,166 Awarded Shares under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme to
              46 grantees (including directors, members of the senior management, and other employees of the Group) (the
              “Pre-IPO Share Award”). Included in the Pre-IPO Share Award, 27,129 Awarded Shares were granted to Mr.
              Tan Zheng, 26,946 Awarded Shares were granted to Dr. Wang Xiaoyi, 12,631 Awarded Shares were granted to
              Mr. Cai Longjun, 2,532 Awarded Shares were granted to the other two senior managements and the remaining
              15,928 Awarded Shares were granted to other employees. Subject to the consummation of the listing of the
              Company’s shares (the “Listing”) and if certain performance and service conditions are met, the Awarded Shares
              granted shall vest in the following manner: 30% of such Awarded Shares shall be vested on the date of the first
              anniversary of the Listing; 30% of such Awarded Shares shall be vested on the date of the second anniversary of
              the Listing; and 40% of such Awarded Shares shall be vested on the date of the third anniversary of the Listing.
              During the year ended December 31, 2025, Dr. Wang Xiaoyi resigned as executive director, chief executive officer
              and chief research officer of the Group, with effect from June 19, 2025. Dr. Wang Xiaoyi continues to serve as
              a consultant to the Group and the 26,946 Awarded Shares granted are not forfeited.
                                                                                                Annual Report 2025   151




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                         FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




30.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      The following table discloses movements of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme:


                                                  Outstanding                                      Outstanding
                                                         as at        Granted       Forfeited             as at
                                                   January 1,       during the     during the     December 31,
      Category                                          2024              year           year            2024


      Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme                       85,166               –           1,195            83,971


                                                Outstanding                                       Outstanding
                                                       as at         Granted        Forfeited            as at
                                                 January 1,        during the      during the    December 31,
      Category                                         2025              year            year            2025


      Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme                       83,971               –             543            83,428


      The fair value of each Award Share was RMB3,222.98 which was determined based on the price of the
      Company’s ordinary shares at the grant date.


      The Group recognized a share award expense of RMB77,211,000 in respect of the Pre-IPO Share Award during
      the year ended December 31, 2025 (2024: RMB66,767,000).
152   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      31.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
              Categories of financial instruments
                                                                                                     As at                   As at
                                                                                               December 31,           December 31,
                                                                                                      2025                   2024
                                                                                                   RMB’000                RMB’000


              Financial assets
              Amortized cost                                                                          656,678               521,175


              Financial liabilities
              Amortized cost                                                                          587,503               732,483
              Financial liabilities at FVTPL                                                                –               285,428


                                                                                                      587,503             1,017,911


              Lease liabilities                                                                        17,119                 20,741


              Financial risk management objectives and policies
              The Group’s major financial instruments include trade and other receivables, bank balances and cash, restricted
              bank deposits, trade and other payables, receipts in advance from cornerstone investors, lease liabilities, bank
              and other borrowings, long-term bond and financial liabilities at FVTPL. Details of these financial instruments
              are disclosed in the respective notes.


              The risks associated with these financial instruments include market risk (currency risk and interest rate risk), credit
              risk and liquidity risk. The policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The management manages
              and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a timely and effective manner.
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025   153




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                           FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




31.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
      Market risk
      (i)   Currency risk
            As at the end of each reporting period, the Group had the following monetary assets and monetary
            liabilities denominated in currencies other than RMB.


                                                                                     As at                 As at
                                                                               December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                      2025                 2024
                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000


            Assets
            USD                                                                      453,314              321,140
            HKD                                                                       13,167                  842


            Liabilities
            USD                                                                        7,029              633,305
            HKD                                                                        4,509                3,341
            JPY                                                                        1,644                    –


            Sensitivity analysis
            The Group was primarily subject to foreign currency risk from the movement of the exchange rates
            between RMB against USD. At the end of each reporting period, if the exchange rate of RMB had been
            weaken against USD by 5% and all other variables were held constant, the Group’s post-tax loss for the
            reporting period would increase/decrease as follows. For a 5% strengthening of RMB against USD, there
            would be an opposite impact on the post-tax loss for the year.


                                                                            (Decrease) increase in post-tax loss
                                                                                     For the              For the
                                                                                 year ended           year ended
                                                                               December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                       2025                 2024
                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000


            USD                                                                      (22,314)              15,608
154   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      31.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
              Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
              Market risk (Continued)
              (ii)  Interest rate risk
                    The Group’s fair value interest rate risk relates primarily to fixed-rate lease liabilities (Note 24), fixed-rate
                    long-term bond (Note 23), fixed-rate bank borrowing (Note 26) and fixed-rate Series A-1 Preferred Shares
                    (Note 27). The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest risk in relation to variable-rate bank balances
                    (Note 21) which carry prevailing market interests. The Group currently does not have a specified policy
                    to manage its interest rate risk but will closely monitor their interest rate risk exposure in the future. No
                    sensitivity analysis on cash flow interest rate risk is presented as the management considers the sensitivity
                    on interest rate risk on bank balances is insignificant.


              Credit risk and impairment assessment
              The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk which will cause a financial loss to the Group due to failure to
              discharge an obligation by the counterparties is arising from the carrying amount of the respective recognized
              financial assets (including bank balances, restricted bank deposits and trade and other receivables). The Group do
              not hold any collaterals or other credit enhancement to cover the credit risks associated with its financial assets.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2025   155




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




31.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
      Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
      In order to minimize the credit risk, the Group monitor the exposure to credit risk on an on-going basis. The
      Group assessed the ECL on its financial assets measured at amortized cost at the end of reporting period. The
      Group’s internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:


      The Group’s internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:


      Internal credit                                                           Trade                Other financial
      rating                Description                                         receivables          assets


      Low risk              The counterparty has a low risk of default and      Lifetime ECL – not   12m ECL
                              does not have any past-due amounts or the            credit-impaired
                              counterparty frequently repays after due
                              dates but usually settle the amounts in full
      Doubtful              There have been significant increases in            Lifetime ECL – not   Lifetime ECL – not
                              credit risk since initial recognition through        credit-impaired      credit-impaired
                              information developed internally or external
                              resources
      Loss                  There is evidence indicating the asset is credit-   Lifetime ECL -       Lifetime ECL -
                              impaired                                             credit-impaired      credit-impaired
      Write-off             There is evidence indicating that the debtor is     Amount is written    Amount is written
                              in severe financial difficulty and the Group         off                  off
                              and the Company have no realistic prospect
                              of recovery
156   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      31.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
              Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
              Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
              Trade receivables, receivables from third party payment platforms, loan receivables and other
              receivables
              In order to minimize credit risk, the Group has tasked its credit management team to develop and maintain
              the credit risk grading for the Group’s trade receivables, receivables from third party payment platforms, loan
              receivables and other receivables and to categorize exposures according to their degree of risk of default. The
              credit management team uses publicly available financial information and the Group’s own trading records to
              rate its major customers and other debtors. The Group’s exposure and the credit ratings of its counterparties
              are continuously monitored and the aggregate value of transactions concluded is spread amongst approved
              counterparties.


              The Group engages a provider of operations services to facilitate the sales to a hospital. The management of the
              Group is of the view that the credit period of public hospitals are normally longer, as the internal procedures
              of public hospitals regarding decision making and approval, and reconciliation and settlement typically take a
              longer period of time and thus would affect the collection of trade receivables of hospitals and the provider of
              operations services from the hospital and in turn affect the collection of trade receivable.


              The Group assessed the ECL for its receivables from third party payment platforms, loan receivables and other
              receivables individually based on internal credit rating which, in the opinion the management of the Group,
              there is no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. No 12m ECL was made for receivables
              from third party payment platforms, loan receivables and other receivables, the estimated loss rates are limited
              as the historical observed default rates of counterparties above are minimal, therefore the Group assessed the
              ECL for receivables from third party payment platforms, loan receivables and other receivables are insignificant.


              The Group has concentration risk with approximately 35.30% and 18.94% of the Group’s account receivables
              placed with customer A and the provider of operations services relate to customer B respectively at December
              31, 2025 (December 31, 2024: with approximately 33.97% and 15.60% of the Group’s account receivables
              placed with customer A and the provider of operations services relate to customer B respectively).
                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   157




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                              FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




31.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
      Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
      Bank balances and restricted bank deposits
      The Group’s bank balances and restricted bank deposits are placed with state-owned banks or commercial banks
      with high credit ratings in the Mainland China, Hong Kong, and the United States of America. The management
      of the Group considers that the credit risk on bank balances and restricted bank deposits is insignificant and no
      loss allowance was recognized.


      The Group has concentration risk with approximately 24.07%,39.69% and 21.08% of the Group’s bank balances
      placed with bank A, bank B, bank C at December 31, 2025 (December 31, 2024: approximately 77.65% of the
      Group’s bank balances placed with bank A).


      Other than the concentration of credit risks of trade receivables and bank balances and restricted bank deposits
      mentioned above, the Group does not have any other significant concentration of credit risk.


      The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets, which are subject to ECL
      assessment upon application of IFRS 9:


                                                                                                           Gross carrying amount
                                                                                                              As at               As at
                                                                                                        December 31         December 31
                                                Notes                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000


      Financial assets at amortized cost
      Trade receivables                          19     Low risk   Lifetime ECL (not credit-impaired)         62,161              47,274
                                                        Doubtful   Lifetime ECL (not credit-impaired)         35,739              50,315
                                                        Loss       Lifetime ECL (credit-impaired)             45,591               7,723
      Receivables from third party payment       19     Low risk   12m ECL                                    31,982              14,860
        platforms, loan receivables and other
        receivables
      Restricted bank deposits                   20     Low risk   12m ECL                                   101,193              69,495
      Bank balances and term deposits            21     Low risk   12m ECL                                   430,316             343,879
158   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      31.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
              Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
              Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
              Bank balances and restricted bank deposit (Continued)
              The management of the Group estimates the amount of lifetime ECL of trade receivables based on provision
              matrix through grouping of various debtors that have similar loss patterns, after considering aging, internal credit
              ratings of trade debtors and repayment history of respective trade receivables. Estimated loss rates are based
              on historical observed default rates over the expected life of the debtors and are adjusted for forward-looking
              information that is available without undue cost or effort. In addition, trade receivables with credit-impaired
              are assessed for ECL individually.


              On that basis, the average loss rates as at December 31, 2025 were 4.86% (2024: 4.76%), respectively which
              were assessed on a collective basis by using provision matrix within lifetime ECL (not credit-impaired).


              The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognized for trade receivables under
              the simplified approach:


                                                                                              Year ended             Year ended
                                                                                            December 31,           December 31,
                                                                                                    2025                   2024
                                                                                                RMB’000                RMB’000


              Beginning balance                                                                     12,371                   891
              – Loss allowance recognized (reversed), net                                           38,923                11,480
              – Write-offs                                                                            (948)                    –


              Closing balance                                                                       50,346                12,371


              As at December 31, 2025, included in the above balance was RMB45,591,000 (2024: RMB7,723,000) related
              to the loss allowance recognized for credit-impaired trade receivables. During the year, loss allowance on credit
              impaired balance of RMB948,000 (2024: nil) was written off.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2025   159




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




31.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
      Liquidity risk
      In management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitor and maintain levels of cash and cash equivalents deemed
      adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuations in
      cash flows. The Group relies on long-term bond, Series A-1 Preferred Shares and shareholders’ investment as a
      significant source of liquidity.


      The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial liabilities based on the
      agreed repayment terms. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial
      liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. The table includes both interest
      and principal cash flows.


                                                                                                             Total
                                    Interest        On    within                                     undiscounted     Carrying
                                       rates   demand      1 year   1-2 years   2-5 years   >5 years   cash flows      amount
                                          %    RMB’000   RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000


      At December 31, 2025
      Trade and other payables             –       703    38,397           –           –          –         39,100      39,100
      Bank and other borrowings    0.00-5.50         –   351,400           –           –          –        351,400     346,089
      Long-term bond                    6.23         –         –           –     260,711          –        260,711     202,314


                                                   703   389,797           –     260,711          –        651,211     587,503


      Lease liabilities            2.60-4.00         –      7,748      5,668       4,307          –         17,723      17,119
160   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      31.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
              Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
              Liquidity risk (Continued)
                                                                                                                           Total
                                                                  On     within                                    undiscounted      Carrying
                                            Interest rates    demand     1 year   1-2 years   2-5 years   >5 years   cash flows      amount
                                                        %    RMB’000   RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000


              At December 31, 2024
              Trade and other payables                  –      3,242    40,729           –           –           –       43,971       43,971
              Receipts in advance from
                cornerstone investors                  –           –   320,971           –           –          –       320,971     320,971
              Series A-1 Preferred Shares          12.00           –    45,834           –           –          –        45,834     285,428
              Bank and other borrowings        0.00-5.00           –    21,569           –           –          –        21,569      21,261
              Long-term bond                        6.23           –    79,447           –           –    372,444       451,891     346,280


                                                               3,242   508,550           –           –    372,444       884,236    1,017,911


              Lease liabilities                3.50-4.00           –    12,005       6,636       3,932           –       22,573       20,741
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2025   161




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




32.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
      Some of the Group’s financial instruments are measured at fair value for financial reporting purposes. In
      estimating the fair value, the management of the Group uses market-observable data to the extent it is available.
      Where Level 1 inputs are not available, the management of the Group determines the appropriate valuation
      techniques and inputs for fair value measurements and works closely with the qualified valuer to establish the
      appropriate valuation techniques and inputs to the model.


      Except for financial liabilities at FVTPL as set out below, there is no financial instrument measured at fair value
      on a recurring basis.


      Financial liabilities
                                               Fair value
                                         as at                as at
                                  December 31,         December 31,           Fair value
                         Note            2025                 2024            hierarchy       Valuation techniques
                                      RMB’000              RMB’000


      Series A-1          27                      –          285,428               Level 2    Market approach, based on
                                                                                               recent transaction price (Note)


      Note:   In estimating the fair value, the Directors adopted the valuation technique which maximizes the use of observable data
              to the extent it is available and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs. The fair value of the Series A-1 Preferred
              Shares at December 31, 2024 was determined with reference to the offer price in the prospectus of the Company
              dated December 30, 2024.


      Details of reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurement for the financial liabilities at FVTPL are set out in
      Note 27.


      The Directors consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at amortized
      cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their respective fair values at the end of reporting
      period except for the long-term bond, of which the fair value is expected to be less than the carrying amount.
162   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      33.     RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
              The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash
              and non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future
              cash flows will be classified in the Group’s consolidated statements of cash flows as cash flows from financing
              activities.


                                                                Financial                  Bank and       Accrued
                                                     Lease     liabilities   Long-term         other   share issue
                                                 liabilities    at FVTPL         bond     borrowing          costs        Total
                                                  RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000


              At January 1, 2024                    12,554      315,544        329,438       22,083          3,158       682,777
              Financing cash flows                  (8,766)           –              –       (1,445)        (1,955)      (12,166)
              Interest expenses recognized             505            –         21,003          517              –        22,025
              Gain on adjustment of estimation
                 of the repayments of
                 long-term bond                           –             –       (4,161)            –             –        (4,161)
              Effect of foreign
                 exchange rate changes                  68             –             –          106             –            174
              Deferred share issue costs                 –             –             –            –         2,390          2,390
              Fair value changes                         –       (30,116)            –            –             –        (30,116)
              Commencement of lease                  8,205             –             –            –             –          8,205
              Lease modification                    10,786             –             –            –             –         10,786
              Reduction of the leased space         (1,408)            –             –            –             –         (1,408)
              Early termination of a lease          (1,203)            –             –            –             –         (1,203)


              At December 31, 2024                  20,741      285,428        346,280       21,261         3,593        677,303
              Financing cash flows                 (11,923)             –     (166,681)     321,009        (21,335)      121,070
              Interest expenses recognized             555              –       19,452        3,979              –        23,986
              Loss on early repayments of
                 long-term bond                           –             –        3,263             –             –         3,263
              Effect of foreign
                 exchange rate changes                (240)           –              –         (160)            –           (400)
              Deferred share issue costs                 –            –              –            –        17,742         17,742
              Reclassification                           –     (285,428)             –            –             –       (285,428)
              Commencement of lease                  9,320            –              –            –             –          9,320
              Lease modification                     7,540            –              –            –             –          7,540
              Early termination of a lease          (8,874)           –              –            –             –         (8,874)


              At December 31, 2025                  17,119              –      202,314      346,089              –       565,522
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025   163




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




34.   RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS
      a.   Name and relationship
           Names                                                     Relationships


           Dr. Wang Xiaoyi (Note)                                    The Chief Executive Officer
           Mr. Tan Zheng                                             Executive Director of the Company


           Note:   Dr. Wang Xiaoyi resigned from his position as executive director of the Company in June 2025.


      b.   The Group had the following related party transactions and balances with related parties:


                                                                 Advance to
                                                As at              a related                                      As at
                                            January 1,          party during             Settlement         December 31,
           Category                              2025               the year               the year                2025
                                              RMB’000               RMB’000                RMB’000              RMB’000


           Mr. Tan Zheng                          2,059                       –                 2,059                      –


                                                                   Advance to
                                                 As at               a related                                      As at
                                             January 1,           party during            Repayment          December 31,
           Category                              2024                 the year               the year               2024
                                              RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000              RMB’000


           Mr. Tan Zheng                               –                 2,059                       –                2,059


           Advances to a related party are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand.


                                                                       Loan to
                                                 As at               a related                                      As at
                                             January 1,           party during            Repayment          December 31,
           Category                              2024                 the year               the year               2024
                                              RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000              RMB’000


           Dr. Wang Xiaoyi                             –                 7,000                  7,000                      –


           Loans to a related party are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand.
164   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      34.     RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
              c.      Compensation of key management personnel
                      The emoluments of key management during the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                                                For the              For the
                                                                                            year ended           year ended
                                                                                          December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                                  2025                 2024
                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000


                      Short-term employee benefits                                               16,445                4,258
                      Performance related bonuses                                                   442                  200
                      Retirement benefits                                                           273                  319
                      Equity-settled share-based payments                                        54,931               58,275


                                                                                                 72,091               63,052


      35.     MAJOR NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS
              During the year ended December 31, 2025, the Group entered into several new lease agreements for the use
              of leased property, with terms of 2 years to 4 years and recognized right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of
              RMB9,320,000 (2024: RMB8,205,000) and RMB9,320,000 (2024: RMB8,205,000) on the lease commencement.


              The Group derecognized the lease liabilities of RMB8,874,000 (2024: RMB1,203,000) and right-of-use assets
              of RMB8,690,000 (2024: RMB1,085,000) due to early termination of a lease and recognized the difference
              of RMB876,000 (2024: RMB2,000) in profit or loss after consideration of withhold of rental deposits of
              RMB1,060,000 (2024: nil) by the lessor.


              The Group also remeasured the lease liabilities by RMB7,540,000 (2024: RMB10,786,000) due to lease
              modification and made a corresponding adjustment of RMB7,540,000 (2024: RMB10,786,000) to the right-of-use
              assets and adjusted rental deposits of RMB105,000 to the right-of-use assets.


              During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Group reduced the lease liabilities by RMB1,408,000 and
              right-of-use assets by RMB1,415,000 due to a reduction of the leased space and recognized the difference of
              RMB7,000 in profit or loss.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025    165




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




36.   PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
      Details of the subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company at the end of the reporting period are
      set out below:


                                                                                 Equity interest
                                                                                  attributable
                                  Place of                                      to the Company
                                  establishment/   Issued and fully paid         December 31,
      Name of the subsidiaries    operation        registered capital             2025         2024   Principal activities


      BrainAurora limited         British Virgin   Registered capital of         100%         100%    Investment holding
                                    Islands          USD50,000 and
                                                     issued and paid
                                                     share capital of
                                                     nil


      BrainAurora (HK) Medical    Hong Kong        Registered capital of         100%         100%    Investment holding
        Technology Limited                           HKD50,000 and
                                                     issued and paid
                                                     share capital of
                                                     nil


      Zhiling Ruidong (Note)      PRC              Registered capital of         100%         100%    Investment holding
                                                     RMB250,000,000
                                                     and issued and paid
                                                     share capital of
                                                     RMB197,680,000


      BrainAurora Zhejiang        PRC              Registered capital of         100%         100%    Cognitive impairment
                                                     RMB263,545,663                                     DTx
                                                     and paid-in capital
                                                     of RMB202,225,663


      Changsha Zhijingling        PRC              Registered capital of         100%         100%    Cognitive impairment
                                                     RMB1,000,000 and                                   DTx
                                                     issued and paid
                                                     share capital of
                                                     RMB690,000


      Beijing Zhijingling         PRC              Registered capital of         100%         100%    Cognitive impairment
                                                     RMB9,000,000 and                                   DTx
                                                     issued and paid
                                                     share capital of
                                                     RMB7,500,000
166   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      36.     PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)
              Details of the subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company at the end of the reporting period are
              set out below: (Continued)


                                                                                          Equity interest
                                                                                            attributable
                                               Place of                                  to the Company
                                               establishment/   Issued and fully paid      December 31,
              Name of the subsidiaries         operation        registered capital        2025          2024   Principal activities


              Beijing Yihui                    PRC              Registered capital of    98%          98%      Inactive
                Technology Co.,                                   RMB51,126,000
                Ltd.* (北京益慧                                       and issued and
                科技有限公司)                                           paid share
                                                                  capital of
                                                                  RMB50,126,398


              BrainAu Medical                  PRC              Registered capital of    80%          80%      Marketing
                Technology                                        RMB1,000,000 and
                (Shaanxi) Co.,                                    issued and paid
                Ltd.* (腦動極光醫                                      share capital of
                療科技(陝西)有限公司)                                      nil



              BrainAu Medical                  PRC              Registered capital of    85%          85%      Marketing
                Technology (Liaoning)                             RMB1,000,000 and
                Co., Ltd.* (腦動極光                                  issued and paid
                醫療科技(遼寧)有限                                        share capital of nil
                公司)


              Beijing Naoyu                    PRC              Registered capital of    92%          92%      Marketing
                Technology Co.,                                   RMB1,000,000 and
                Ltd.* (北京腦域                                       issued and paid
                科技有限公司)                                           share capital of
                                                                  nil


              BrainAu Medical                  PRC              Registered capital of    100%        100%      Marketing
                Technology (Nanjing)                              RMB1,000,000 and
                Co., Ltd.* (腦動極光                                  issued and paid
                醫療科技(南京)有限                                        share capital of nil
                公司)
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025    167




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                             FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




36.   PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)
      Details of the subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company at the end of the reporting period are
      set out below: (Continued)


                                                                                 Equity interest
                                                                                   attributable
                                  Place of                                      to the Company
                                  establishment/   Issued and fully paid          December 31,
      Name of the subsidiaries    operation        registered capital            2025          2024   Principal activities


      Beijing Wanxiang            PRC              Registered capital of        70%          70%      Marketing
        Aurora Technology                            RMB1,000,000 and
        Co., Ltd.*                                   issued and paid
        (北京萬相極光科                                     share capital of
        技有限公司)                                       nil


      Beijing Hongze           PRC                 Registered capital of        70%          70%      Research and
        Technology Development                       RMB1,428,600 and                                   Development
        Co., Ltd.*                                   issued and paid
         (北京浤澤科技                                     share capital of
        發展有限公司)                                      RMB1,428,600


      Sichuan Huiyu Aurora        PRC              Registered capital of        80%          80%      Marketing
         Medical Technology                          RMB1,000,000 and
         Co., Ltd.* (四川慧譽                            issued and paid
         極光醫療科技有限                                    share capital of
         公司)                                         nil


      BrainAu (Delaware)          United States of Registered capital of       100%         100%      Inactive
                                    America          USD50,000 and
                                                     issued and paid
                                                     share capital of nil


      Shenzhen BrainAu            PRC              Registered capital of       100%         100%      Marketing
        Medical                                      RMB1,000,000 and
        Technology Co.,                              issued and paid
        Ltd.* (深圳腦動極                                 share capital of
        光醫療科技有限公司)                                   nil


      Sichuan BrainAu             PRC              Registered capital of       100%         100%      Cognitive
         Medical                                     RMB313,861,000                                     impairment
         Technology Co.,                             and issued and paid                                DTx
         Ltd.* (四川腦動極                                share capital of
         光醫療科技有限公司)                                  RMB36,000,000
168   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      36.     PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)
              Details of the subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company at the end of the reporting period are
              set out below: (Continued)


                                                                                          Equity interest
                                                                                            attributable
                                               Place of                                  to the Company
                                               establishment/   Issued and fully paid      December 31,
              Name of the subsidiaries         operation        registered capital        2025          2024   Principal activities


              Luzhou BrainAu                   PRC              Registered capital of    100%        100%      Inactive
                Medical                                           RMB1,000,000 and
                Technology Co.,                                   issued and paid
                Ltd.* (瀘州腦動極                                      share capital of
                光醫療科技有限公司)                                        nil


              BrainAu Medical      PRC                          Registered capital of    100%        100%      Marketing
                Technology (Hebei)                                RMB3,000,000 and
                Co., Ltd.* (腦動極光                                  issued and paid
                (河北)醫療科技有限公司)                                     share capital of nil


              Jiangsu BrainAu                  PRC              Registered capital of    100%        100%      Cognitive
                 Medical                                          RMB57,388,800                                  impairment
                 Technology Co.,                                  and issued and paid                            DTx
                 Ltd.* (江蘇腦動極                                     share capital of
                 光醫療科技有限公司)                                       RMB57,388,800


              Beijing BrainAu                  PRC              Registered capital of    100%           N/A    Marketing
                Medical                                           RMB1,000,000
                Technology Co.,                                   and issued and paid
                Ltd.* (北京腦動極                                      share capital of nil
                光醫療科技有限公司)


              Beijing Jiyizhichuang            PRC              Registered capital of    100%           N/A    Research and
                Medical                                           RMB1,000,000                                   Development
                Technology Co.,                                   and issued and paid
                Ltd.* (北京積醫智                                      share capital of nil
                創醫療科技有限公司)
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2025    169




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




36.   PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)
      Details of the subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company at the end of the reporting period are
      set out below: (Continued)


                                                                                       Equity interest
                                                                                         attributable
                                      Place of                                        to the Company
                                      establishment/      Issued and fully paid         December 31,
      Name of the subsidiaries        operation           registered capital           2025          2024   Principal activities


      Beijing Xuanzhikanglian         PRC                 Registered capital of      100%            N/A    Research and
        Medical                                             RMB1,000,000                                      Development
        Technology Co.,                                     and issued and paid
        Ltd.* (北京宣智康                                        share capital of nil
        聯醫療科技有限公司)


      BrainAurora Medical         MACAU                   Registered capital of       51%            N/A    Marketing
        Technology Digital                                  MOP100,000
        Intelligence (Macau) Co.,                           and issued and paid
        Ltd.* (腦動極光醫                                        share capital of nil
        學科技數智(澳門)
        有限公司)


      *       English name is for identification purpose only.

      Note:   Zhejiang Zhiling Ruidong Medical Technology Co., Ltd.* ((浙江智靈睿動醫療科技有限公司)) ((“Zhiling Ruidong”)), a
              subsidiary of the Company, is a wholly foreign owned enterprise established in the PRC.


      None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the year except for BrainAurora Zhejiang
      which issued long-term bonds as disclosed in Note 23.
170   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      37.     CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
              The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern
              while maximizing the return to shareholders through the optimization of the debt and equity balance. The
              Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year.


              The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt, which includes the long-term bond, lease liabilities and
              bank and other borrowings as disclosed in Notes 23, 24 and 26, net of cash and cash equivalents and equity
              attributable to owners of the Group, comprising share capital and reserves.


              The Directors review the capital structure on a continuous basis taking into account the cost of capital and the
              risks associated with each class of capital. Based on recommendations of the Directors, the Group will balance
              its overall capital structure through new share issues as well as the issue of new debts.


      38.     CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
                                                                                                    As at              As at
                                                                                              December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                                     2025              2024
                                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000


              Capital expenditure contracted but
                not provided for in respect of acquisition
                of equipment and machineries,
                leasehold improvements and intangible assets                                             392               860
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2025   171




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




39.   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY
      Information about the financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period includes:


                                                                                         As at December 31,
                                                                                           2025                 2024
                                                                                        RMB’000              RMB’000


      NON-CURRENT ASSET
      Interests in subsidiaries                                                           991,437            425,155


      CURRENT ASSETS
      Other receivables and prepayments                                                         –              8,208
      Bank balances and cash                                                                5,642            321,083


                                                                                            5,642            329,291


      CURRENT LIABILITIES
      Other payables                                                                           51             25,305
      Amount due to a subsidiary                                                            6,991              7,117
      Receipts in advance from cornerstone investors                                            –            320,971
      Financial liabilities at FVTPL                                                            –            285,428


                                                                                            7,042            638,821


      NET CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                              (1,400)           (309,530)


      TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                               990,037            115,625


      NET ASSETS                                                                          990,037            115,625


      CAPITAL AND RESERVES
      Share capital                                                                             1                  1
      Reserves                                                                            990,036            115,624


      TOTAL EQUITY                                                                        990,037            115,625
172   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025




      39.     STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)
              Movements in reserves
                                                                           Share-based
                                                                 Share       payments       Accumulated
                                                              premium          reserve            losses           Total
                                                              RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000


              At January 1, 2024                                  6,223          44,873            (9,374)          41,722
              Profit and total comprehensive
                income for the year                                   –                –            7,135            7,135
              Recognition of equity-settled
                share-based payments (Note 30)                        –          66,767                 –           66,767


              At December 31, 2024                                6,223         111,640            (2,239)        115,624
              Reclassification from
                financial liabilities at FVTPL (Note 27)       285,428                 –                –         285,428
              Issue of shares upon the IPO                     539,168                 –                –         539,168
              Transaction costs attributable to
                 issue of new ordinary shares                   (25,948)               –                –          (25,948)
              Loss and total comprehensive
                 expense for the year                                 –                –           (1,447)          (1,447)
              Recognition of equity-settled
                 share-based payments (Note 30)                       –          77,211                 –           77,211


              At December 31, 2025                             804,871          188,851            (3,686)        990,036


      40.     EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
              In February 2026, the Company allotted and issued 92,000,000 shares at HKD5.60 per share. After deducting
              all related fees, costs, and expenses associated with the placing and the subscription, the net proceeds from
              the subscription amounted to HKD500,680,000 (approximately to RMB445,916,000), which has already been
              received in February 2026.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2025   173




                                                FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS



All statements in this report that are not historical fact or that do not relate to present facts or current conditions are
forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements express the Group’s current views, projections, beliefs
and expectations with respect to future events as of the date of this report. Such forward-looking statements are based
on a number of assumptions and factors beyond the Group’s control. As a result, they are subject to significant risks
and uncertainties, and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements and the
forward-looking events discussed in this report might not occur. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited
to, those detailed under the heading “Principal Risks and Uncertainties” in our most recent annual report and interim
report and other announcements and reports made available on our corporate website, 66nao.cn. No representation
or warranty is given as to the achievement or reasonableness of, and no reliance should be placed on, any projections,
targets, estimates or forecasts contained in this report.
174   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      DEFINITIONS



      In this annual report, the following expressions have the meanings set out below unless the context requires otherwise.

      “ADHD”                                   attention deficit hyperactivity disorder

      “ADHD Software”                          Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder Assessment and Treatment Software

      “AGM”                                    annual general meeting of the Company

      “AI”                                     artificial intelligence

      “Articles of Association” or             the third amended and restated articles of association of our Company adopted
        “Articles”                             by special resolution on December 24, 2024, with effect upon the Listing Date, as
                                               amended from time to time

      “associate(s)”                           has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

      “Audit Committee”                        the audit committee of the Board

      “Award(s)”                               an award of the Awarded Shares by the Board pursuant to the Pre-IPO Share Award
                                               Scheme

      “Awarded Share(s)”                       the Shares awarded by our Company pursuant to the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme

      “BCAT”                                   Basic Cognitive Testing Software

      “Board” or “Board of                     the board of directors of our Company
        Directors”

      “BrainAurora Zhejiang”                   Zhejiang BrainAurora Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (浙江腦動極光醫療科技有限公司),
                                               a limited liability company established in the PRC on September 21, 2012 and directly
                                               wholly owned by WFOE, being one of our Major Subsidiaries

      “CCBT”                                   Computerized Cognitive Behavioral Therapy

      “CDDCI”                                  Child development deficiency induced cognitive impairment

      “CE mark”                                the mark appears on products signify that products sold in the European Economic
                                               Area have been assessed to meet high safety, health, and environmental protection
                                               requirements

      “CEO”                                    chief executive officer of our Company

      “CG Code”                                the “Corporate Governance Code” as contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2025   175




                                                                                           DEFINITIONS



“China”, “Mainland China”       People’s Republic of China, but for the purpose of this annual report and for
  or “PRC”                      geographical reference only and except where the context requires otherwise,
                                references in this annual report to “China” and the “PRC” do not apply to Hong
                                Kong, Macau and Taiwan

“Class II Medical Device”       devices that have a moderate to high risk to the patient and/or user

“close associate(s)”            has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“Companies (Winding             the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Chapter 32
  Up and Miscellaneous          of the Laws of Hong Kong) as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from
  Provisions) Ordinance”        time to time

“Companies Act” or              the Companies Act, Cap. 22 (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands
  “Cayman Companies Act”

“Companies Ordinance”           the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong) as amended,
                                supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

“Company” or “our               BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited (腦動極光醫療科技有限公司), an exempted
  Company”                      company with limited liability incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands on
                                April 25, 2023

“Compliance Adviser”            SPDB International Capital Limited, our compliance adviser

“connected person(s)”           has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“connected transaction(s)”      has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“Controlling Shareholder(s)” has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules and unless the context otherwise
                             requires, refers to Mr. Tan, Dr. Wang, together with their respective close associates,
                             namely ZTan Limited, Wispirits Limited, Wiseforward Limited and Neurobright Limited

“core connected person(s)”      has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“Core Product”                  has the meaning ascribed to it in Chapter 18A of the Listing Rules; for the purpose
                                of this annual report, our Core Product refers to the System

“DD”                            Developmental dyslexia

“Director(s)” or “our           the directors of our Company, including all executive, non-executive and independent
  Director(s)”                  non-executive Directors

“DNN”                           deep neutral networks
176   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      DEFINITIONS



      “Dr. Wang”                               Dr. Wang Xiaoyi (王曉怡), a Controlling Shareholder

      “DSS”                                    Dyslexia Supplemental Screening and Assessment Software

      “DTx”                                    digital therapeutics

      “ESG”                                    environmental, social and governance; a collection of corporate performance evaluation
                                               criteria that assess the robustness of a company’s governance mechanisms and its
                                               ability to effectively manage its environmental and social impacts

      “Group,” “our Group,                     our Company and all of our subsidiaries or, where the context so requires, in respect
        “our,” “we” or “us”                    of the period before our Company became the holding company of its present
                                               subsidiaries, the businesses operated by such subsidiaries or their predecessors (as
                                               the case may be)

      “HK$”                                    Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

      “Hong Kong”                              the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

      “Hong Kong Stock                         The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
        Exchange” or
        “Stock Exchange”

      “Hunan MPA”                              Hunan Medical Products Administration

      “ISO 13485”                              a set of requirements for a quality management system where an organization
                                               needs to demonstrate its ability to provide medical devices and related services that
                                               consistently meet customer and applicable regulatory requirements

      “KOLs”                                   key opinion leaders

      “Latest Practicable Date”                April 22, 2026, being the latest practicable date prior to the printing of this annual
                                               report for the purpose of ascertaining certain information contained in this report

      “Listing”                                the listing of our Shares on the Main Board

      “Listing Date”                           January 8, 2025, the date on which dealings in the Shares first commence on the
                                               Main Board

      “Listing Rules”                          the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
                                               Limited, as amended or supplemented from time to time
                                                                                               Annual Report 2025   177




                                                                                     DEFINITIONS



“Liuhui Biotech”           Tianjin Liuhui Biotechnology Co., Ltd (天津六慧生物科技有限公司) (formerly known as
                           Shanghai Liuhui Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (上海六慧生物科技有限公司) a limited liability
                           company incorporated in the PRC on 29 April 2016 and is wholly-owned company
                           of Dr.Wang

“Main Board”               the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock Exchange
                           which is independent from and operated in parallel with the GEM of the Stock
                           Exchange

“ML”                       machine learning

“MMSE”                     Mini-Mental State Examination

“MoCA”                     Montreal Cognitive Assessment

“Mr. Tan”                  Mr. Tan Zheng (譚錚), the chairman of the Board, an executive Director, chief strategy
                           officer of the Company and a Controlling Shareholder

“Nanchang Fusion”          Nanchang Fusion Therapeutics, Ltd. (南昌福藥生物技術有限公司), a limited liability
                           company established in the PRC on November 29, 2021, a wholly-owned subsidiary
                           of our Company

“NCI”                      Neurodegenerative disease induced cognitive impairment

“NHC”                      the National Health Commission of the PRC (中華人民共和國國家衛生健康委員會)

“NMPA”                     National Medical Products Administration (國家藥品監督管理局) and its predecessor,
                           the China Food and Drug Administration (國家食品藥品監督管理總局) from 2013 to
                           2018 and the State Food and Drug Administration (國家食品藥品監督管理局) from
                           2003 to 2013

“Nomination Committee”     the nomination committee of the Board

“PCI”                      Psychiatric disorder induced cognitive impairment

“Pre-IPO Share Award       the share award scheme adopted by the Company on July 30, 2023
 Scheme”

“Prospectus”               the prospectus of the Company dated December 30, 2024

“Remuneration Committee”   the remuneration committee of the Board

“Reporting Period”         the year ended December 31, 2025
178   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      DEFINITIONS



      “RMB”                                    the lawful currency of the PRC

      “SAS”                                    Cognitive Ability Supplemental Screening and Assessment software

      “SFO”                                    the Securities and Futures Ordinance, Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong, as
                                               amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

      “Share(s)” or “Ordinary                  ordinary share(s) in the share capital our Company, with a nominal value of US$0.0001
        Share(s)”                              each prior to the Share Subdivision or US$0.0000001 each upon the completion of
                                               the Share Subdivision

      “Shareholder(s)”                         holder(s) of our Share(s)

      “Shuhui LP”                              Tianjin Shuhui Information Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (天津樞慧信
                                               息諮詢合夥企業(有限合夥), formerly known as Shanghai Shuhui Business Information
                                               Consulting Center (Limited Partnership) (上海樞慧商務信息諮詢中心(有限合夥)), a
                                               limited partnership established in the PRC on May 17, 2016 and ultimately controlled
                                               by Dr.Wang

      “subsidiary(ies)”                        has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 15 of the Companies Ordinance

      “substantial shareholder(s)”             has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

      “System”                                 Brain Function Information Management Platform Software System

      “U.S.” or “United States”                the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas subject to
                                               its jurisdiction

      “UDCA”                                   ursodeoxycholic acid, a secondary bile acid approved by the FDA as first-line treatment
                                               for PBC, and widely used off-label to treat PSC

      “ULN”                                    upper limit of normal, the 95th percentile of the target population

      “US$”                                    United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

      “VDCI”                                   Vascular disease induced cognitive impairment

      “we”, “us” or “our”                      the Company or the Group, as the context requires
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2025   179




                                                                                                 DEFINITIONS



“WFOE”                                 Zhejiang Zhiling Ruidong Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (浙江智靈睿動醫療科技有限公
                                       司), a limited liability company established in the PRC on June 16, 2023 and directly
                                       wholly owned by HK Subsidiary

“Xuanwu Hospital”                      Xuanwu Hospital Capital Medical University (首都醫科大學宣武醫院)

“Zhipan LP”                            Nanjing Zhipan Information Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (南京智盼信
                                       息諮詢合夥企業(有限合夥), formerly known as Shanghai Zhipan Business Information
                                       Consulting Center (Limited Partnership) (上海智盼商務信息諮詢中心(有限合夥)) and
                                       Tianjin Zhipan Information Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (天津智盼信
                                       息諮詢合夥企業(有限合夥)), a limited partnership established in the PRC on May 17,
                                       2016 and ultimately controlled by Dr.Wang

“%”                                    per cent

*   For identification purposes only
180   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      THREE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY



      FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS FOR THE LAST THREE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2025

                                                               Year ended December 31
                                                             2025          2024            2023
                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000


      Revenue                                              220,049       122,311          67,200
      Cost of sales                                       (130,595)      (68,298)        (35,136)
      Gross profit                                          89,454        54,013          32,064


      Other income                                          15,937         1,710           2,079
      Other expenses and other gains and losses, net       (14,591)        3,326           2,318
      Fair value gain of financial liabilities at FVTPL          –        30,116        (165,216)
      Impairment loss under ECL model, net of reversal     (38,923)      (11,480)           (848)
      Selling and distribution expenses                    (74,884)      (48,017)        (38,399)
      Administrative expenses                             (100,697)      (59,925)        (54,398)
      Research and development expenses                   (165,904)     (119,424)        (90,733)
      Finance costs                                        (23,986)      (22,025)        (20,216)
      Listing expenses                                      (2,670)      (26,852)        (25,767)
      Loss before tax                                     (316,264)     (198,558)       (359,116)
      Income tax expense                                      (100)          (52)              –
      Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year   (316,364)     (198,610)       (359,116)


      Loss for the year attributable to:
      Owners of the Company                               (314,861)     (198,282)       (359,083)
      Non-controlling interests                             (1,503)         (328)            (33)


      Loss per share (RMB)
        Basic                                                (0.27)        (0.22)          (0.62)
        Diluted                                              (0.27)        (0.23)          (0.62)
