BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited

腦動極光醫療科技有限公司
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


Stock Code: 6681




                                  2024                        A N N U A L
                                                              R E P O R T
CONTENTS

2     Corporate Information

4     Chairman’s Statement

6     Management Discussion and Analysis

26    Directors’ Report

48    Directors and Senior Management

55    Corporate Governance Report

72    Independent Auditor’s Report

77    Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

78    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

80    Consolidated Statement of Changes In Equity

82    Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

85    Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements

160   Definitions

166   Three-Year Financial Summary
2   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




    MANAGEMENT
    CORPORATE INFORMATION
                 DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



    EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                      AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
    Mr. Tan Zheng (譚錚)                       Mr. Tan Zheng (譚錚)
      (Chairman of the Board)                Ms. Sham Ying Man (岑影文)
    Dr. Wang Xiaoyi (王曉怡)
                                             HEADQUARTER AND PRINCIPAL PLACE OF
    NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                  BUSINESS IN THE PRC
    Mr. Li Sirui (李思睿)                       Room 1301, 13/F, Building 3, Shaoxing
    Ms. Li Mingqiu (李明秋)                     Shuimuwan District Science Park
    Mr. Deng Feng                            No. 2 Pingjiang Road
                                             Yuecheng District, Shaoxing City
    INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS      Zhejiang Province
    Mr. Lam Yiu Por (林曉波)                    PRC
    Dr. Duan Tao (段濤)
    Mr. Li Yuezhong (李月中)                    PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
                                             HONG KONG
    AUDIT COMMITTEE                          Room 1910, 19/F, Lee Garden One
    Mr. Lam Yiu Por (林曉波) (Chairman)         33 Hysan Avenue
    Mr. Li Yuezhong (李月中)                    Causeway Bay
    Dr. Duan Tao (段濤)                        Hong Kong


    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                   REGISTERED OFFICE

    Mr. Li Yuezhong (李月中) (Chairman)         Palm Grove Unit 4
    Mr. Lam Yiu Por (林曉波)                    265 Smith Road, George Town
    Dr. Duan Tao (段濤)                        P.O. Box 52A Edgewater Way, #1653
                                             Grand Cayman KY1-9006
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE                     Cayman Islands

    Mr. Tan Zheng (譚錚) (Chairman)
                                             AUDITOR
    Mr. Li Yuezhong (李月中)
    Dr. Duan Tao (段濤)                        Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
                                             Certified Public Accountants and Registered
    JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES                Public Interest Entity Auditor
                                             35/F, One Pacific Place
    Mr. Wang Junjie (王俊傑)
                                             88 Queensway
    Ms. Sham Ying Man (岑影文)
                                             Hong Kong
                                                              Annual Report 2024   3




                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION
                               CORPORATE AND
                                          INFORMATION
                                              ANALYSIS



COMPLIANCE ADVISER                        STOCK CODE
SPDB International Capital Limited        6681
33/F SPD Bank Tower
One Hennessy                              COMPANY’S WEBSITE
1 Hennessy Road                           66nao.cn
Hong Kong
                                          LISTING DATE
HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR
                                          January 8, 2025
Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong

PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
ICS Corporate Services (Cayman) Limited
Palm Grove Unit 4
265 Smith Road, George Town
P.O. Box 52A Edgewater Way, #1653
Grand Cayman KY1-9006
Cayman Islands


PRINCIPAL BANKS
Agricultural Bank of China Shaoxing
Paojiang Branch
No. 86, Century East Street
Paojiang Development Zone
Shaoxing City
Zhejiang Province
China


China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. Beijing
Beiyuan Road Science and Technology
Finance Branch
Building 4, No. 36, Anhuidongli
Chaoyang District
Beijing
China
4   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




             ’S STATEMENT
    MANAGEMENT
    CHAIRMAN      DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



    Dear Shareholders,


    On behalf of the Board of BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited 腦動極光醫療科技有限公司, I would like to
    express my sincere gratitude to all shareholders for your continuous trust and support. 2024 is a milestone year in the
    development of the Group, during which we have achieved remarkable results in respect of business expansion and
    product R&D. We have successfully listed on the Main Board of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange at the beginning of
    2025, ushering in a new chapter of the development of the Company.


    MAJOR ACHIEVEMENTS IN 2024
    1.      Excellent progress for the commercialization of core products
            Our flagship product, the “Brain Function Information Management Platform Software System”, has been
            included in the medical insurance catalogue of 30 provinces in China and helped more than 150 hospitals
            establish diagnostic and treatment centers for cognitive impairment.


    2.      Continuously extensive product pipeline
            Development of new indications: Our Core Product has a new indication of “Basic Cognitive Assessment Software
            for Depression”, which is undergoing clinical trials and is expected to be approved in 2025.


            Diversified pipeline: Six product candidates, including ADHD Assessment and Treatment Software and Depression
            Treatment Software, have been under preclinical and clinical stage, covering unmet needs in many fields such
            as child development deficiency and psychiatric disorders.


    3.      Reinforced R&D strength
            The R&D team has been expanded to 120 members, with master’s and doctoral degree holders accounting for
            more than 20%, and has cooperated with top medical institutions in China or abroad to carry out cutting-edge
            research. In 2024, our investment in R&D reached RMB119 million, representing a year-on-year increase of
            31.6%, thus promoting technology iteration and product innovation.


            In 2024, our pioneering research in respect of the dosage of cognitive trainings “Dose-response relationship
            between computerized cognitive training and cognitive improvement” was published in npj Digital Medicine,
            a journal of Nature magazine, which is one of the top two academic journals in the field of digital medicine
            internationally. This is the first international research to clarify the dosage-effect relationship of cognitive digital
            therapeutics, and provides valuable evidence-based medical evidence for accurately determining the optimal
            dosage of cognitive digital therapeutics.


            In January 2024, the “Establishment, promotion and application of key technologies on digital diagnostic and
            treatment platform for cognitive impairment diseases” project with our products as the core won the First Place
            of Chinese Medical Science and Technology Prize (中華醫學科技獎一等獎), the highest science and technology
            award in the medical sector in China.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   5




                                   CHAIRMAN’S
                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND
                                              STATEMENT
                                                ANALYSIS



4.     Capital market milestone
       On January 8, 2025, the Company was successfully listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, and the
       net proceeds amounted to approximately HK$501.3 million, providing a strong impetus for the implementation
       of the future strategies.


FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE
In 2024, the Group’s revenue increased by 82.0% year-on-year to RMB122.31 million, and gross profit increased to
RMB54.01 million. Despite loss due to increased investment in R&D and market expansion, adjusted net loss narrowed
to RMB162 million (non-IFRS measure), reflecting continuous optimization of operating efficiency.


FUTURE OUTLOOK
In 2025, we will focus on the following strategic directions:


Strengthen market penetration of core products: accelerate the coverage of the System in hospitals nationwide, promote
the commercialization of new indications, and enhance patient accessibility.


Global expansion: promote product registration in Europe and the United States, and explore cooperation opportunities
in the Middle East and Southeast Asian market.


Technological innovation: strengthen the integration of AI and brain science, and continue to develop personalized
digital therapeutics solutions.


Employment of capital: strictly plan the proceeds from the Listing, focus on R&D, commercialization promotion and
international layout, and lay a foundation for the long-term growth.


CONCLUSION
We have always adhered to our mission of “making achievements in the brain science to benefit cognitive impairment
patients”. In the future, we will uphold the spirit of innovation and work with global partners to meet medical and
health needs, and create sustainable value for our shareholders.


Thank you once again for your trust and support!




Tan Zheng
Chairman of the Board and Executive Director
BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited
April 28, 2025
6   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



    OVERVIEW
    We are a seasoned player in China’s cognitive impairment digital therapeutics (the “DTx”) market. We are the first
    company in China that has developed a medical-grade DTx product for cognitive impairment, combining brain science
    with advanced artificial intelligence (the “AI”) technologies. Our product pipeline covers both the assessment and
    intervention of a broad range of cognitive impairments induced by vascular diseases, neurodegenerative diseases,
    psychiatric disorders, and child development deficiencies, among others. Our Core Product (as defined in Chapter 18A
    of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”)), the
    Brain Function Information Management Platform Software System (the “System” or the “Core Product”), is the first
    cognitive impairment DTx product that has obtained regulatory approval in China.


    We are a commercial stage company. As of the Latest Practicable Date, our Core Product had been included in the
    provincial health insurance reimbursement lists of 30 provinces in China. We are committed to assisting medical
    institutions across the country to establish diagnostic and treatment centers for cognitive impairment, and building
    long-term business relationships with medical institutions to promote the development of cognitive impairment DTx
    market in China. As of the Latest Practicable Date, we had helped more than 150 hospitals establish cognitive centers
    in China, including several leading hospitals with “National Medical Center” (國家醫學中心) certification for various
    medical specialties by the NHC. We are committed to making achievements in the brain scientific research to DTx
    products that benefit cognitive impairment patients.


    We have established a broad DTx product pipeline. The Core Product had been commercialized for eight indications from
    four major types of cognitive impairment and is under development for several other cognitive impairment indications as
    of the Latest Practicable Date. We had three other products with regulatory approvals in China, one other product with
    regulatory approval in the EU and six product candidates under different stages of preclinical and clinical development
    or registration process as of the Latest Practicable Date. We enjoy rights with respect to our products and product
    candidates in jurisdictions where we receive regulatory approvals.


    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

                                                                               For the Year ended
                                                                         December 31,             December 31,              Year-on-year
                                                                                2024                     2023                    change
                                                                             RMB’000                  RMB’000                         %


    Revenue                                                                     122,311                   67,200                  82.01%
    Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year                          (198,610)                (359,116)                (44.69%)
    Adjusted net loss for the year* (non-IFRS measure)                         (161,959)                (149,027)                  8.68%


    *       Adjusted net loss for the year is not defined under the International Financial Reporting Standard (the “IFRS”), it represents the
            loss for the year excluding the effect brought by fair value changes on convertible redeemable preferred shares and expenses
            under the employee long-term incentive plans.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   7




                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



INDUSTRY OUTLOOK
DTx refers to software-driven medical solutions that assess patient conditions by collecting various types of patient
input (such as pictures, texts, voices and video feeds) in order to deliver therapeutic interventions that prevent, treat,
and manage various types of diseases. DTx digitize existing medical principles, guidance or standardized treatment
plans into software-driven interventional measures that improve patients’ access to and compliance with treatments.
Cognitive impairment DTx is a subset of digital medicine.


Cognitive impairment refers to deficits in neurocognitive domains that lead to a decline in cognition function. The
causes of cognitive impairment primarily include the following: vascular diseases, neurodegenerative diseases, psychiatric
disorders and child development deficiency, among others:


•      Vascular disease induced cognitive impairment (the “VDCI”) is typically caused by brain damages due to impaired
       blood flow to the brain. The relevant types of vascular diseases generally include stroke, cerebral hemorrhage,
       or narrowed or chronically damaged blood vessels in the brain. Symptoms of VDCI include confusion, attention
       deficiency, difficulty with organization, unsteady gait and memory problems, among others.


•      Neurodegenerative disease induced cognitive impairment (the “NCI”) are caused by conditions that cause
       progressive damage to brain cells, resulting in long-term cognitive decline. Alzheimer’s disease and amnestic
       mild cognitive impairment are two common examples.


•      Psychiatric disorder induced cognitive impairment (the “PCI”) are conditions in which individuals experience
       clinically significant disturbances in cognition, emotional regulation, or behavior. The causes of psychiatric
       disorders are complex and multifaceted, involving various factors such as genetics, family history, life experiences,
       substance use, and other biological factors.


•      Child development deficiency induced cognitive impairment (the “CDDCI”) is present at birth and are caused
       by genetic conditions or brain damage that occurs during pregnancy or childbirth. Examples include Attention
       Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (“ADHD”), dyslexia and autism.


Each category of diseases presents unique treatment challenges, and there is a growing need for effective,
evidence-based solutions that can improve patients’ cognitive functions and quality of life and traditional drug therapies
may not be effective or available for cognitive impairments induced by these diseases. Cognitive impairment DTx serves
as both an assessment and intervention tool for cognitive impairment patients and cognitive impairment DTx products
leverage cutting-edge technology to deliver solutions that can be tailored to the specific needs of individual patients.
The cognitive impairment DTx market has experienced significant growth and is expected to continue to grow as the
number of people affected by cognitive impairments continues to increase.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               8


OUR PRODUCTS AND PRODUCT PIPELINE
The following chart summarizes the development status of our products as of the Latest Practicable Date:

                                                                                                                                               Phase
                                                                                                                                                                                                                        Estimated and Commercialization
                                                                                       Assessment/                                                                                           Upcoming
    Product           Disease Area                    Indication                                                                                                                                                        Actual Time of  Country/Region
                                                                                       Intervention                                                                                          Milestone
                                                                                                                Preclinical   Clinical Trial           Registration   Commercialization                               Commercialization


                                            Vascular cognitive impairment           Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                             June 2020         China


                                            Aphasia                                 Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                             June 2020         China

                                            Atrial fibrillation induced cognitive                                                                                                         2025 Q2 Data
                                                                                    Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                               2026            China
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited


                                            impairment                                                                                                                                    Analysis Completion
                       Vascular disease
                      induced cognitive     Hypertension induced cognitive                                                                                                                2025 Q2 Data
                         impairment                                                 Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                               2026            China
                                            impairment                                                                                                                                    Analysis Completion

                                            Coronary heart disease induced                                                                                                                2025 Q2 Data
                                                                                    Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                               2026            China
                                            cognitive impairment                                                                                                                          Analysis Completion

                                            Post-cardiac surgery                                                                                                                          2025 Q2 Clinical Trial
                                                                                    Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                               2026            China
                                            rehabilitation                                                                                                                                Initiation

                                            Heart failure induced cognitive                                                                                                               2026 H1 Clinical Trial
                                                                                    Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                               2028            China
                                            impairment                                                                                                                                    Initiation

  Brain Function                            Alzheimer’s disease                     Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                             June 2020         China
   Information
   Management        Neurodegenerative
                                            Amnestic mild cognitive                                                                                                                       2025 Data Analysis
Platform Software      disease induced                                              Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                               2026            China
                                            impairment                                                                                                                                    Completion
      System        cognitive impairment
                                                                                                                                                                                          2026 Q2
                                            Parkinson’s disease                     Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                               2027            China
                                                                                                                                                                                          Clinical Trial Initiation

                                            Depression                              Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                             June 2020         China


                     Psychiatric disorder   Schizophrenia                           Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                             June 2020         China
                      induced cognitive
                         impairment         Sleep disorders                         Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                             June 2020         China

                                                                                                                                                                                          2025 Q2 Clinical Trial
                                            Anxiety                                 Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                               2026            China
                                                                                                                                                                                          Initiation                                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                                               Phase
                                                                       Assessment/                                                                                                             Estimated and Commercialization
                                                                                                                                                                           Upcoming
Product    Disease Area                     Indication                                                                                                                                         Actual Time of  Country/Region
                                                                       Intervention                                                                                        Milestone
                                                                                                Preclinical   Clinical Trial           Registration   Commercialization                      Commercialization


                                 Attention deficit hyperactive
                                                                    Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                      June 2020         China
                                 disorder

                                 Autism                             Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                      June 2020         China

           Child development                                                                                                                                              2025 Q2 Clinical Trial
           deficiency induced    Language delay                     Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                        2026            China
                                                                                                                                                                          Initiation
          cognitive impairment
                                                                                                                                                                          2025 Q2 Clinical Trial
                                 Cerebral palsy                     Assessment + Intervention                                                                                                        2026            China
                                                                                                                                                                          Initiation
                                                                                                                                                                          2025 Q3
                                 Dyslexia                                  Intervention                                                                                   Clinical Trial             2026            China
                                                                                                                                                                          Initiation
                                                                                                                                                                          2025 Q2
                                 Epilepsy                           Assessment + Intervention                                                                             Clinical Trial             2026            China
                                                                                                                                                                          Initiation
                                                                                                                                                                          2025 Q4
                                 Bone fracture induced pain         Assessment + Intervention                                                                             Clinical Trial            2026             China
                                                                                                                                                                          Completion
                                                                                                                                                                          2025 Q3
                                 Diabetes                           Assessment + Intervention                                                                             Clinical Trial            2026             China
                                                                                                                                                                          Initiation

                                                                                                                                                                          2025 Q3
                                 Phenylketonuria induced
                                                                    Assessment + Intervention                                                                             Clinical Trial             2027            China
                                 cognitive impairment
                                                                                                                                                                          Initiation

                                                                                                                                                                          2025 Q3
                                 Kidney disease induced cognitive
                                                                    Assessment + Intervention                                                                             Clinical Trial             2026            China
             Other disorders     impairment
                                                                                                                                                                          Initiation

                                                                                                                                                                          2025 Q3
                                 Multiple sclerosis                 Assessment + Intervention                                                                             Clinical Trial             2026            China
                                                                                                                                                                          Initiation
                                                                                                                                                                          2025 Q3
                                 Hepatic encephalopathy             Assessment + Intervention                                                                             Clinical Trial             2026            China
                                                                                                                                                                          Initiation
                                                                                                                                                                          2025 Q3
                                 Post-breast cancer surgery
                                                                    Assessment + Intervention                                                                             Clinical Trial             2027            China
                                 rehabilitation
                                                                                                                                                                          Initiation
                                                                                                                                                                          2025 Q3
                                 Post-lung cancer surgery
                                                                    Assessment + Intervention                                                                             Clinical Trial             2027            China
                                 rehabilitation
                                                                                                                                                                          Initiation
                                                                                                                                                                          2025 Q3
                                 Drug addiction                     Assessment + Intervention                                                                             Clinical Trial             2027            China
                                                                                                                                                                          Initiation




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS




                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      9
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  10


                                                                                                                                                          Phase
                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Estimated and Commercialization
                                                                                         Assessment/                                                                                                   Upcoming
     Product             Disease Area                    Indication                                                                                                                                                        Actual Time of  Country/Region
                                                                                         Intervention                                                                                                  Milestone
                                                                                                                  Preclinical            Clinical Trial           Registration   Commercialization                       Commercialization


   Basic Cognitive
       Ability                                                                                                                                                                                       2025 H2 Full
                                              Cognitive impairment                         Assessment                                                                                                                          2025            China
       Testing                                                                                                                                                                                       Commercialization
      Software
  Cognitive Ability
    Supplemental
                                                                                                                                                                                                     2025 H2 Full
   Screening and                              Cognitive impairment                         Assessment                                                                                                                          2025            China
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Commercialization
     Assessment
      Software
      Dyslexia
   Supplemental        Child development
                                                                                                                                                                                                     2025 H2 Full
   Screening and       deficiency induced     Dyslexia                                     Assessment                                                                                                                          2025            China
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Commercialization
    Assessment        cognitive impairment
     Software
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited



 Covid-19 Induced
     Cognitive                                                                                                                                                                                       2025 H2
    Impairment                                Covid-19 induced cognitive
  Assessment and         Other disorders                                            Assessment + Intervention                                                                                        Registration              2025            China
                                              impairment
      Recovery                                                                                                                                                                                       Approval
 Training Software

  Attention Deficit
    Hyperactivity    Child development                                                                                                                                                               2025 Q3
                                              Attention deficit hyperactivity
      Disorder       deficiency induced                                             Assessment + Intervention                                                                                        Clinical Trial            2025            China
                                              disorder
  Assessment and    cognitive impairment                                                                                                                                                             Initiation
Treatment Software
   Quantitative
    Cognitive                                                                                                                                                                                        2025 Q2
   Assessment         Psychiatric disorders   Depression                                   Assessment                                                                                                Clinical Trial            2025            China
   Software for                                                                                                                                                                                      Completion
   Depression

    Depression                                                                                                                                                                                       2025 Q2
    Treatment         Psychiatric disorders   Depression                                   Intervention                                                                                              Clinical Trial            2026            China
     Software                                                                                                                                                                                        Initiation

                                                                                                                                                                                                     2025
     Cognitive                                                                                                                                                                                       Registration              2026             EU
    Impairment                                                                                                                                                                                       Submission
                                              Cognitive impairment                         Assessment
    Assessment                                                                                                                                                                                       2025 H2
     Software                                                                                                                                                                                        Registration              2026             US
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Submission
                                                                                                                                                                                                     2026
     Cognitive                                                                                                                                                                                       Commencement of           2026             EU
    Impairment                                                                                                                                                                                       Commercialization
                                              Cognitive impairment                         Intervention                                                                                              2025
     Treatment
     Software                                                                                                                                                                                        Registration              2026             US
                                                                                                                                                                                                     Submission


               Core                Commercialized                      Product exempt from clinical             Regulatory approvals obtained through
               Product             Product/Indication                  trials under current relevant            submission of clinical evaluation materials
                                                                       regulations                              on the System conducted by third parties
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   11




                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Our Core Product – Brain Function Information Management Platform Software System
Our Core Product, the System, is an evidence-based, medical-grade DTx product, and the first cognitive impairment
DTx product in China to receive regulatory approval. In September 2018, we obtained the initial Class II medical device
registration certificate from the Hunan Medical Products Administration (the “Hunan MPA”) for the System. In June
2020, we obtained an amended certificate (the “2020 Amended Certificate”) from the Hunan MPA to include the
screening, assessment, recovery and data analysis of eight specific indications. In May 2023, we renewed the 2020
Amended Certificate with the Hunan MPA (the “2023 Renewed Certificate”), which contains the same indication
coverage as the 2020 Amended Certificate. In 2024, we have launched three clinical trials to evaluate the System’s
safety and efficacy on mild cognitive impairment induced by several types of vascular diseases, such as atrial fibrillation,
hypertension and coronary heart disease. In 2025, we expect to complete data collection and analysis for clinical trials
of the System in the context of vascular disease and neurodegenerative disease induced cognitive impairment. We also
aim to initiate clinical trial for anxiety indication in 2025 to facilitate our plan in upgrading the System’s application on
depression-induced cognitive impairments.


The System is software that combines clinical experience in brain science with deep neutral networks (“DNN”)
algorithms, a powerful category of machine learning algorithms, to assess a patient’s cognitive impairment and provide
personalized DTx treatment options. The System enables clinical assessment and interventions for various types of
cognitive impairment induced by vascular diseases, neurodegenerative diseases, psychological disorders and child
development deficiencies, among other types of cognitive impairments. The System incorporates our two underlying
technologies, namely virtual human and AI technologies. In particular, our DNN algorithms are trained with a large
amount of information on patient demographics, clinical assessment, diagnosis and information collected during patients’
participation in training tasks at diverse difficulty levels. Our DNN algorithms undergo constant iteration and training
to dynamically adjust the content of the training tasks. The DNN algorithms can identify the most suitable training out
of millions of different possible combinations, building on over 300 training modules that are designed to activate the
appropriate brain regions for the best therapeutic effect.


Patients that use the System typically suffer from cognitive impairment, which is what the System addresses. Such
cognitive impairments may be induced by many classes of diseases, such as vascular diseases, neurodegenerative
diseases, psychiatric disorders and child development deficiencies. In addition, the clinical trials that have been
undertaken on the System demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the System in improving patients’ cognitive functions
(such as speed, attention, perception, long-term memory, working memory, calculation, executive control, reasoning and
problem solving), not the inducing diseases themselves. Therefore, despite the variety in the diseases that could induce
cognitive impairment, the eight existing indications as well as the potential new indications are considered indication
expansion of the System and can be added to the same medical device registration certificate.

WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ULTIMATELY DEVELOP AND MARKET THE SYSTEM WITH NEW INDICATIONS
SUCCESSFULLY.

Our Other Key Products and Product Candidates
As of the Latest Practicable Date, four of our products besides the System had obtained regulatory approvals in China
or abroad, including, among others, BCAT, SAS and DSS (terms defined below).


Basic Cognitive Testing Software (the “BCAT”)
BCAT is designed to facilitate healthcare professionals’ assessment of patients’ basic cognitive capacity by enabling
patients to self-administer tests of their cognitive capacities relating to processing speed, working memory, episodic
memory, visual-spatial ability and verbal comprehension. We obtained a Class II medical device registration certificate
12   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     from the Hunan MPA for the BCAT in October 2022. After obtaining regulatory approval in 2022, we have been and are
     undergoing further research and preparing additional scientific literature with regards to BCAT, which we believe would
     be conducive to improving its market recognition and acceptance by the medical community. We have commenced the
     initial commercialization of BCAT and expect to reach full commercialization in the first half of 2025.


     Cognitive Ability Supplemental Screening and Assessment Software (the “SAS”)
     SAS is designed to facilitate healthcare professionals’ assessment of patients’ cognitive capacity by enabling patients to
     self-administer Mini-Mental State Examination and Montreal Cognitive Assessment tests. We obtained a Class II medical
     device registration certificate from the Hunan MPA for the SAS in December 2022 after submitting relevant clinical
     evaluation materials. After obtaining regulatory approval in 2022, we have been and are undergoing further research
     and preparing additional scientific literature with regards to SAS, which we believe would be conducive to improving
     its market recognition and acceptance by the medical community. We have commenced the initial commercialization
     of SAS and expect to reach full commercialization in the first half of 2025.


     Dyslexia Supplemental Screening and Assessment Software (the “DSS”)
     DSS is designed to facilitate the assessment of risk of developmental dyslexia in children. We received a Class II medical
     device registration certificate for DSS in September 2023 from the Hunan MPA. In support of our application for the
     above Class II medical device registration certificate, we submitted a clinical comparison with the System.


     Other Product Candidates
     We also have the following products under different stages of development.


     •       COVID-19 Induced Cognitive Impairment Assessment and Recovery Training Software: We collaborated with
             Xuanwu Hospital Capital Medical University (首都醫科大學宣武醫院) on a clinical trial focused on cognitive
             decline due to COVID-19 infection, commonly referred to as “COVID-19 brain fog.” One of the trial’s design
             goals was to facilitate a Class II medical device registration approval and, therefore, the trial has a risk profile
             consistent with what is required for such approvals. We obtained ethics approval in July 2022, completed the
             clinical trial in October 2023 and submitted Class II medical device registration in the second quarter of 2024
             and expect to receive registration approval in the second half of 2025. Once approved, we plan to promote the
             commercialization of this product through existing sales channels. As of the Latest Practicable Date, the trial is
             associated with two of our patents or patent applications.


     •       ADHD Assessment and Treatment Software: We are currently under preclinical development of the Attention
             Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder Assessment and Treatment Software (“ADHD Software”). The ADHD Software
             has two main components: (i) the task-based cognitive assessment system; and (ii) the digitized question-based
             assessment system. The tasks in the task-based cognitive assessment system will cover cognitive domains including
             perception, attention, memory, action execution and mood regulation, while the question-based system will
             supplement the task-based cognitive assessments with our digitized version of traditional ADHD and cognitive
             dysfunction screening scales, including the tests based on ADHD Rating Scale – IV and the Achenbach Child
             Behavior Checklist, a test widely used to detect behavioral and emotional problems in children and adolescents.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   13




                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



•      Quantitative Cognitive Assessment Software for Depression: We are conducting a clinical trial for the quantitative
       cognitive assessment software for depression, which is an electronic cognitive function assessment tool developed
       based on the latest scientific development on an understanding of human intelligence and cutting-edge clinical
       research on cognitive dysfunction associated with depression, and obtained ethics approval in February 2024.
       We have initiated the clinical trial and expect trial completion by the second quarter of 2025.


•      Depression Treatment Software: We are currently under preclinical development of the depression treatment
       software, called “Mind Island Aurora,” which is a computerized system utilizing a combination of game-playing
       and Computerized Cognitive Behavioral Therapy to improve the symptoms related to. We expect to initiate
       clinical trial in the second quarter of 2025.


•      Cognitive Impairment Assessment Software and Cognitive Impairment Treatment Software: In order to expand
       our international footprint and build global influence, we are developing the following products for the U.S. and
       the EU: Cognitive Impairment Assessment Software and Cognitive Impairment Treatment Software. On July 22,
       2022, we obtained the CE mark in the EU for our Cognitive Impairment Treatment Software, which is exempted
       from clinical trial requirements under EU’s Medical Device Regulation and allows for its commercialization in the
       EU that is expected to commence in 2026. We are also developing our Cognitive Impairment Treatment Software
       and Cognitive Impairment Assessment Software in the U.S. in preparation for regulatory filings under Section
       510(k).


WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ULTIMATELY DEVELOP AND MARKET OUR OTHER KEY PRODUCTS AND PRODUCT
CANDIDATES SUCCESSFULLY.

RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT CAPABILITY
We believe that our continued research and development (“R&D”) is the key driver of our business growth and
competitiveness.


R&D Team
We have a strong multi-disciplinary in-house R&D team of 120 professionals with 26 holding a master’s degree and
two holding PhDs as of the Latest Practicable Date. Our R&D team is led by Dr. Wang Xiaoyi (“Dr. Wang”), who has
been our chief executive officer (“CEO”) and chief research officer. Our key R&D staff have on average over six years
of relevant experience in the DTx industry. Our R&D team frequently participates in academic and industry conferences
and engages with industry and clinical experts to bring us up-to-date insights and innovations from a global perspective.
Our R&D team is divided into the following three groups: (i) Brain Research Institute, (ii) Product Innovation Center,
and (iii) Technology Research Center. Externally, we have established long-term relationships with key opinion leaders,
including well-known medical professional and clinical experts in China. Leveraging their insights and recommendations,
we are able to focus our R&D process on unmet clinical needs and explore frontier and breakthrough technologies.
14   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     Product Design and Preclinical Development
     We have established and strictly followed an internal protocol that governs the design and development of our products.
     Our internal protocol was formulated based on applicable National Medical Products Administration of China (國家藥品
     監督管理局) regulations and ISO 13485. To start with a product development project, we conduct market research to
     analyze market prospects and patient’s need and formulate a development proposal that describes the target medical
     need, potential risks and specific product functions. After obtaining approvals from our management on the project,
     we will then formulate a detailed development plan, which includes the product functionalities and applications, labor
     and budget planning and begin the development process.


     Clinical Development
     Our clinical affairs department has significant experience in conducting clinical trials for our products. As of the Latest
     Practicable Date, we had organized a dedicated regulatory and clinical affairs department consisting of seven members,
     with extensive experience in medical device industry. Dr. Wang, our CEO, has over 20 years of academic and professional
     experience in brain and cognitive sciences, as well as extensive experience in handling medical device regulatory affairs.
     We also set up a separate regulatory affairs team in charge of regulatory communications. Our regulatory affairs team is
     mainly responsible for sorting and reviewing registration materials of our products, as well as submitting such materials
     to the relevant government agencies. We conduct clinical trials of new indications and products in order to obtain
     the requisite regulatory approvals and collect access-controlled data that can improve the design and features of our
     products. The goal of a clinical trial is to measure the clinical safety and efficacy of a device. Primary parameters for
     clinical trials are selected based on the intended use of the medical device.


     FUTURE DEVELOPMENT
     We plan to execute the following strategies to achieve our mission and drive our future growth: (i) continue indication
     expansion of the System and development of other product candidates to further solidify our position in China’s
     cognitive impairment DTx market, (ii) accelerate commercialization of the System and other products and enhance market
     penetration, (iii) further improve our research and development capabilities, (iv) expand our international footprint and
     build global influence, and (v) strategically seek merger and acquisition opportunities.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   15




                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS
Overview
The following discussion is based on, and should be read in conjunction with, the financial information and notes
included elsewhere in this report.


Revenue
Our revenue increased by RMB55.11 million from RMB67.20 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 to
RMB122.31 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, representing a year-on-year increase of 82.01%.


We generate revenue from (i) provision of the System integral software solutions in hospitals; (ii) provision of the System
integral software solutions out of hospitals to individual patients; (iii) provision of research projects services to research
institutions; and (iv) others, such as sales of hardware embedded with the System and the related user accounts. The
increase in our revenue was primarily due to (i) an increase in the number of hospitals that purchased the System from
75 in 2023 to 186 in 2024; and (ii) an increase in the number of times patients used the System from over 850,000
times in 2023 to approximately 1,800,000 times in 2024; and (iii) a significant increase in the number of patients from
approximately 4,900 to approximately 7,397 over the same periods who selected our System for use in their own homes
after initially using the System in hospitals.


Cost of Sales
Our cost of sales increased from RMB35.14 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 to RMB68.30 million for the
year ended December 31, 2024, representing an increase of 94.37%. The increase in our cost of sales was primarily
due to (i) an RMB23.74 million increase in operational costs, incurred by third-party service providers that provide
operational support in cognitive centers on our behalf; and (ii) an increase in the number of cognitive centers from
which we incurred construction costs from 48 in 2023 to 107 in 2024, which led to an increase in construction and
depreciation costs.


Gross Profit
Our gross profit increased from RMB32.06 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 to RMB54.01 million for the
year ended December 31, 2024, representing an increase of 68.47%. The increase in our gross profit was primarily
due to the significant increase in sales volume of the System and the increase in the number of hospitals and patients
that used our System.
16   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     Other Income
     Our other income primarily consists of (i) interest income on bank balances, term deposits and restricted bank deposit;
     (ii) interest income from rental deposits; (iii) government grants related to R&D activities; and (iv) others.


     Our other income decreased from RMB2.08 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 to RMB1.71 million for the
     year ended December 31, 2024, representing a decrease of 17.79%. The decrease in our other income was mainly
     attributable to the decrease in interest income on bank balances, time deposits and restricted bank deposit of RMB1.45
     million as a result of the change in average balance in 2024 as compared to 2023.


     Other Expenses and Other Gains and Losses, Net
     Our other expenses and other gains and losses, net primarily relates to fair value gains on financial assets at FVTPL.
     Our other expenses and other gains and losses, net increased from RMB2.32 million for the year ended December 31,
     2023 to RMB3.33 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, representing an increase of 43.53%. The increase in
     our other expenses and other gains and losses, net was primarily attributable to RMB4.16 million increase in gain on
     re-estimated repayments of long-term bonds in 2024.


     Fair Value Changes of Financial Liabilities at FVTPL
     Our fair value changes of financial liabilities at FVTPL primarily relates to fair value changes of our redeemable preference
     shares. Our fair value changes of financial liabilities at FVTPL changed from loss of RMB165.22 million for the year ended
     December 31, 2023 to gain of RMB30.12 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, representing an 118.23%
     increase. The increase in our gain on fair value changes of financial liabilities at FVTPL was primarily attributable to fair
     value changes of redeemable preference shares.


     Selling and Distribution Expenses
     Our selling and distribution expenses primarily consist of (i) market development and service expenses; (ii) employee
     benefits expenses; (iii) depreciation and amortization expenses; (iv) share-based payments; and (v) others.


     Our selling and distribution expenses increased from RMB38.40 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 to
     RMB48.02 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, representing an increase of 25.05%. The increase in our
     selling and distribution expenses was primarily attributable to an increase in market development and service expenses
     driven by the increasing efforts to explore business cooperation opportunities in order to reach more hospitals and
     other customers and to enhance industry recognition and awareness of our products.
                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024   17




                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Administrative Expenses
Our administrative expenses primarily consist of (i) employee benefit expenses for our administrative staff; (ii)
restructuring related expenses; (iii) depreciation and amortization expenses; (iv) professional service expenses; (v) utilities
and office expenses; (vi) share-based payments; and (vii) others.


Our administrative expenses increased from RMB54.40 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 to RMB59.93
million for the year ended December 31, 2024, representing an increase of 10.17%. The increase in our administrative
expenses was primarily attributable to the facts that (i) an administrative expense of RMB27,273 thousand shall
be recognized in 2024 since an entity awarded 85,166 awarded shares to 46 grantees (including Directors, senior
management and other employees of the Group) on July 31, 2023, representing an increase of RMB9.35 million as
compared with that of 2023; (ii) RMB5.53 million of restructuring related administrative expenses were incurred in
2023, while there were no such expenses incurred during the Reporting Period; (iii) depreciation and amortization of
fixed assets increased by RMB1.23 million during the Reporting Period resulting from the purchase of fixed assets by
an entity used for office purpose due to business expansion during the Reporting Period.


R&D Expenses
Our R&D expenses primarily consist of (i) staff remuneration; (ii) share-based payments; (iii) depreciation and
amortization; and (iv) technical service fee engaging external organization for development.


Our R&D expenses increased from RMB90.73 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 to RMB119.42 million for
the year ended December 31, 2024, representing an increase of 31.62%. The increase in our R&D expenses was primarily
due to the facts that (i) higher staff remuneration led to an increase of RMB12,739 thousand in R&D expenses; (ii) share-
based payments increased by RMB8,287 thousand during the Reporting Period mainly attributable to the continuing
amortisation of the share-based payments granted in July 2023; (iii) other piecemeal procurement and reimbursement
increased by RMB6,694 thousand as compared with last year, representing an increase of 68%. The increase was mainly
generated from technical service fee and patent service fee. During the Reporting Period, we increased our investment
in R&D, and the technical service fee mainly represented software development service fee, including other software
development service fee of cognitive trainings for the aged and children; (iv) service fee and cloud service fee increased
by RMB5,013 thousand as compared with last year, representing an increase of 137%. Among them, the cloud service
fee included service fee for Alibaba Cloud, Tencent Cloud and Huawei Cloud, and increased by RMB1,783 thousand
during the Reporting Period.
18   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     The following table sets forth a breakdown of our R&D expenses for the years indicated:


                                                                               For the year ended December 31,
                                                                             2024                                    2023
                                                                    RMB’000                     %           RMB’000               %


     Employee benefit expenses                                        54,750               45.8%              42,011           46.3%
     Depreciation and amortization expenses                           10,448                8.7%               9,353           10.3%
     Collaboration expense(1)                                          1,912                1.6%               7,049            7.8%
     Service expense                                                   8,667                7.3%               3,654            4.0%
     Procurement expenses                                             16,535               13.8%               9,841           10.8%
     Share-based payments                                             27,112               22.8%              18,825           20.8%


     Total                                                           119,424               100%               90,733           100%


     Note:

     (1)     Collaboration expenses represent sub-contracting costs in relation to clinical trials included in R&D expenses.


     Finance Costs
     Our finance costs primarily consist of (i) interest expense on long-term bond; and (ii) interest on lease liabilities.


     Our finance costs increased from RMB20.22 million for the year ended December 31, 2023 to RMB22.03 million for
     the year ended December 31, 2024, representing an increase of 8.95%. The increase in our finance costs was primarily
     due to an increase in interest on borrowings.


     Loss for the Year
     As a result of the above, we recorded a loss of RMB198.61 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, as compared
     to a loss of RMB359.12 million for the year ended December 31, 2023.


     Capital Management
     The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going
     concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximize value to our shareholders
     (the “Shareholders”).


     The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic conditions and the
     risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may return capital
     to the Shareholders or issue new shares. The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements. No
     changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the year ended December 31,
     2024.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   19




                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Liquidity and Capital Resources
The Group primarily relied on capital contribution from the Shareholders, issuance of redeemable preference shares
and long-term bonds as major sources of liquidity. The Group has always adopted a prudent treasury management
policy. The Group places strong emphasis on having funds readily available and accessible and is in a stable liquidity
position with sufficient funds in standby banking facilities to cope with daily operations and meet its future development
demands for capital.


As of December 31, 2024, the current assets of the Group were RMB548.13 million, of which cash and cash equivalents
amounted to RMB413.38 million and other current assets amounted to RMB134.75 million. The Group’s cash and cash
equivalents increased by RMB141.56 million to RMB413.38 million as of December 31, 2024 from RMB271.82 million
as at December 31, 2023. The increase was mainly due to the fact that some IPO investors remitted their subscription
amounts to the Group’s account prior to December 31, 2024.


As of December 31, 2024, the current liabilities of the Group were RMB782.01 million, including trade and other
payables of RMB56.09 million, receipts in advance from cornerstone investors of RMB320.97 million, interest-bearing
bank liabilities of RMB21.26 million and lease liabilities of RMB11.82 million.


Borrowings
As of December 31, 2024, the Group had outstanding borrowings of approximately RMB21.26 million (December 31,
2023: RMB22.08 million) which were denominated in RMB and bearing interest at fixed interest rates ranging from
3.00% to 5.00% per annum.


Charges on Group Assets
As of December 31, 2024, there were no charges on assets of the Company (2023: nil).
20   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     Key Financial Ratios
     The following table sets forth the key financial ratios of our Group for the dates indicated:


                                                                                                              For the year ended
                                                                                                                 December 31/
                                                                                                              As at December 31,
                                                                                                                 2024               2023


     Gross margin                                                                                               44.2%              47.7%
     Current ratio(1)                                                                                              0.7                0.8
     Average trade payables turnover days(2)                                                                      31.2               52.0
     Average trade receivables turnover days(3)                                                                  232.8              160.7


     Notes:

     (1)      Current ratio equals current assets divided by current liabilities as of the end of the year.

     (2)      Trade payable turnover days for a period equals the arithmetic mean of the beginning and ending trade payables balances
              divided by cost of sales for that period and multiplied by the number of days in that period.

     (3)      Trade receivable turnover days for a period equals the arithmetic mean of the beginning and ending trade receivable balances
              divided by revenue for that period and multiplied by the number of days in that period.


     Contingent Liabilities
     The Group did not have any material contingent liabilities as of December 31, 2024.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   21




                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Capital Expenditure and Commitments
Our capital expenditure for the year ended December 31, 2024 was RMB25.38 million, compared to RMB29.21 million
for the year ended December 31, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to (i) the increased payment for tablets as
an addition to fixed asset for the purpose of home-based business development, leading to an increase in the capital
expenditure of RMB2.02 million as compared with last year; (ii) the decrease in right-of-use capital expenditures of
RMB1.97 million as a result of the decreased further demand for lease of office building; and (iii) the decrease in capital
expenditures of RMB3.88 million as compared with last year, because we did not increase large investment in intangible
assets during the Reporting Period. Our capital expenditure primarily consisted of (i) additions of fixed assets, plant and
equipment; (ii) additions of right-of-use assets; and (iii) additions of intangible assets.


As of December 31, 2024, we had capital commitments of RMB0.86 million, primarily in connection with expenditures
in respect of the acquisition of equipment and machineries and renovation of leasehold properties.


Foreign Currency Risk
As at December 31, 2024, the Group mainly operated in China and a majority of its transactions were settled in RMB,
the functional currency of the Company’s principal subsidiaries.


A portion of the Group’s transactions were dominated in RMB, Hong Kong dollars, US dollars. Except for certain cash and
cash equivalents, other receivables, payables, other payables and accruals denominated in foreign currencies, the Group
did not have significant foreign exchange risk exposure from its operations during the Reporting Period. We currently
do not have a foreign currency hedging policy. However, our management continuously monitors foreign exchange
exposure and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need arise. As of December 31,
2024, the Group did not hold any financial instruments for hedging purposes.


Non-IFRS Measures
To supplement our consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, which are presented in
accordance with IFRS, we also use adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure) as an additional financial measure, which is
not required by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS. We believe this non-IFRS measure facilitates comparisons of
operating performance from period to period and company to company by eliminating potential impacts of certain
items. We believe this measure provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating
our consolidated results of operations in the same manner as they help our management in assessing our results of
operations. The fair value loss of financial liabilities at FVTPL is adjusted because it will cease upon the completion of
this Global Offering; share-based payments are adjusted because they are non-cash in nature. However, our non-IFRS
measure does not have a standardized meaning prescribed by IFRS, and our adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure) may
not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. The use of this non-IFRS measure has
limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation from, or as a substitute for an analysis of,
our results of operations or financial condition as reported under IFRS.


We define adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure) as loss and total comprehensive expense for the year adjusted by
adding back fair value loss of financial liabilities at FVTPL and share-based payments, both being non-cash in nature.
22   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     The following table reconciles adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure) for the years indicated to the nearest financial
     measure calculated and presented in accordance with IFRS, which is loss and total comprehensive expense for the year:


                                                                                           For the year ended
                                                                                              December 31,
                                                                                              2024                 2023
                                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000


     Reconciliation of loss and total comprehensive expense for
       the year to adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure)
     Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year                                     (198,610)            (359,116)


     Add:
     Fair value (gain) loss of financial liabilities at FVTPL                               (30,116)             165,216
     Share-based payments                                                                    66,767               44,873
     Adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure)                                                  (161,959)            (149,027)


     Employees and Remuneration Policy
     As of December 31, 2024, we had 159 employees in total, and all our employees were based in Mainland China.
     The following table sets forth the number of our employees categorized by function as of December 31, 2023 and
     December 31, 2024.


                                                                                       Number of             Number of
                                                                                     employees as        employees as of
                                                                                  of December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                            2024                   2023


     Management and Administrative                                                               24                   28
     R&D                                                                                        120                  126
     Marketing                                                                                   15                   13


     Total                                                                                      159                  167


     The total remuneration cost incurred by the Group was RMB78.16 million for the year ended December 31, 2024, and
     RMB75.38 million for the year December 31, 2023. The increase in remuneration cost was primarily attributable to an
     increase in monthly wages of staff.


     Our employees’ remuneration consists of salaries, bonuses, employees’ provident fund and social security contributions
     and other welfare payments. In accordance with applicable PRC laws, we have made contributions to social security
     insurance funds (including pension plan, unemployment insurance, work-related injury insurance, medical insurance
     and maternity insurance), supplemental medical insurance and housing funds for our employees.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   23




                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



To maintain our workforce’s quality, knowledge, and skill levels, we are committed to continuously enhancing our team’s
technical expertise, continuing education, project management capabilities and service quality with a comprehensive
training system, including periodic technical training and regular sharing of industry insight to accelerate the learning
progress and improve the knowledge and skill levels of our workforce. We also conduct training for our employees to
abide by our anti-bribery and anti-corruption compliance requirements and applicable laws and regulations to eliminate
bribery and corruption risks.


Furthermore, we provide various incentives and benefits to our employees, including competitive salaries, bonuses and
share-based payment, particularly our key employees. The Company has adopted a share award scheme on July 30,
2023. For further details, please refer to the section headed “Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme” in Appendix IV to the
Prospectus and the section headed “Incentive Plans Adopted by the Company” in this report.


OTHER INFORMATION
Compliance with the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”)
The Company has adopted the Model Code set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct
regarding dealings in the securities of the Company by the Directors and the Company’s senior management who,
because of his/her office or employment, is likely to possess inside information in relation to the Company or its
securities.


Upon specific enquiry, all Directors confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code during the period from
the Listing Date, being January 8, 2025, to the Latest Practicable Date. In addition, the Company is not aware of any
non-compliance of the Model Code by the employees of the Company who are likely to be in possession of inside
information of the Company during the period from the Listing Date, being January 8, 2025, to the Latest Practicable
Date.


Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities
The shares of the Company were not listed on the Stock Exchange as at December 31, 2024. Neither the Company
nor any of its subsidiaries have purchased, redeemed or sold any of the Company’s listed securities (including sale of
treasury shares) since the Listing Date, being January 8, 2025, and up to the Latest Practicable Date. As at December
31, 2024, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.


Material Litigation
The Company was not involved in any material litigation or arbitration during the year ended December 31, 2024
which could have a material and adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. The Directors are
also not aware of any material litigation or claims that are pending or threatened against the Company since the Listing
Date, being January 8, 2025, and up to the date of this report which could have a material and adverse effect on our
financial condition or results of operations.
24   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     Audit Committee and Auditor
     The audit committee of the Board (the “Audit Committee”) has three members comprising three independent
     non-executive Directors, being Mr. Lam Yiu Por (林曉波) (chairman of the Audit Committee with the appropriate
     professional qualifications), Mr. Li Yuezhong (李月中) and Dr. Duan Tao (段濤), with terms of reference in compliance
     with the Listing Rules.


     The Audit Committee has considered and reviewed the annual financial results for the year ended December 31, 2024,
     the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Company and the Group and discussed matters in relation to
     internal control, risk management and financial reporting with the management. There is no disagreement between the
     Board and the Audit Committee regarding the accounting treatment adopted by the Company. The Audit Committee
     considers that the annual financial results for the year ended December 31, 2024 are in compliance with the relevant
     accounting standards, rules and regulations and appropriate disclosures have been duly made. The Audit Committee
     has met with the independent auditor of the Company, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, and has also discussed matters with
     respect to the accounting policies and practices adopted by the Company and internal control and financial reporting.


     CHARGE ON ASSETS
     As of December 31, 2024, there was no charge on assets of our Group (FY2023: nil).


     CAPITAL EXPENDITURES AND CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
     We make capital expenditures to expand our operations, upgrade our property, plant and equipment and facilities, and
     increase our operating efficiency. We expect to incur capital expenditures in 2025 primarily in relation to, among others,
     purchase of property, plant and equipment. We expect to finance such capital expenditures through a combination of
     operating cash flows, net proceeds from the Global Offering and bank and other borrowings. We also made capital
     commitment primarily in connection with expenditures in respect of the acquisition of equipment and machineries and
     leasehold improvements. Details of our capital commitments are set out in Note 39 to the financial statements.

     TREASURY POLICY
     Our management performs the treasury functions and continues to monitor our cash requirements from time to time.
     If our cash requirements exceed the liquidity we hold at the time, our Company may seek credit facilities and external
     borrowings or issue securities as it considers necessary and appropriate.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   25




                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



CONTINGENT LIABILITIES
As of December 31, 2024, our Company did not have any material contingent liabilities.


SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS AND MATERIAL ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES,
ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
As at December 31, 2024, we did not hold any significant investments. During the Reporting Period, our Company had
no other significant investments and/or material acquisition or disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint venture.


FINANCIAL RATIOS
As at December 31, 2024, our gearing ratio, calculated as total borrowings divided by total equity attributable to equity
holders of the Company, was not applicable (2023: not applicable).
26   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT
     DIRECTORS ’ REPORT
                    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     The Board is pleased to present this Directors’ report together with the consolidated financial statements of the Group
     for the Reporting Period.


     DIRECTORS
     The Directors who held office during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report are:


     Executive Directors
     Mr. Tan Zheng (譚錚) (Chairman of the Board)
     Dr. Wang Xiaoyi (王曉怡)


     Non-Executive Directors
     Mr. Li Sirui (李思睿)
     Ms. Li Mingqiu (李明秋)
     Mr. Deng Feng


     Independent Non-Executive Directors
     Mr. Lam Yiu Por (林曉波)
     Dr. Duan Tao (段濤)
     Mr. Li Yuezhong (李月中)


     Biographical details of the Directors are set out in the section headed “Directors and Senior Management” of this
     annual report.


     Since the Listing Date and up to the date of this annual report, the Board at all times met the requirements of Rules
     3.10(1), 3.10(2) and 3.10A of the Listing Rules relating to the appointment of at least three independent non-executive
     Directors with at least one independent non-executive Director possessing appropriate professional qualifications or
     accounting or related financial management expertise and the appointment of independent non-executive Directors
     representing at least one-third of the Board. Among the three independent non-executive Directors, Mr. Lam Yiu Por
     has appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise as required by Rule
     3.10(2) of the Listing Rules.


     In accordance with Article 108(a) of the Articles of Association of the Company, Mr. Tan Zheng, Dr. Wang Xiaoyi and
     Mr. Li Sirui shall retire from their offices as Directors at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting and, being eligible,
     will offer themselves for re-election at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   27




                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ’
                                         DIRECTORS
                                                 ANALYSIS
                                                   REPORT



PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Group is involved in provision of the System integral software solutions in hospitals and out of hospitals and
research project.


The principal activities and particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are shown under Note 6 to the financial statements.
An analysis of the Group’s results for the Reporting Period by principal activities of the Group is set out in the section
headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” in this annual report.


Since all of the Group’s non-current assets were located in China, no geographical segment information in accordance
with IFRS 8 Operating Segments is presented. The Group is engaged in provision of the System integral software
solutions in hospitals and out of hospitals and research project, which is regarded as a single reportable segment in
a manner consistent with the way in which information is reported internally to the Group’s senior management for
purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment. Therefore, no further operating segment analysis thereof
is presented.


BUSINESS REVIEW
A fair review of the business of the Group as required by Schedule 5 to the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of
the Laws of Hong Kong), including an analysis of the Group’s financial performance, an indication of likely future
developments in the Group’s business and the Group’s key relationships with its stakeholders who have a significant
impact on the Group and on which the Group’s success depends, is set out in the section headed “Management
Discussion and Analysis” of this annual report. These discussions form part of this directors’ report. Events affecting
the Company that have occurred since the end of the financial year is set out in the section headed “Important Events
After The Reporting Period” in this annual report.


ENVIRONMENTAL POLICIES AND PERFORMANCE
The Group is committed to achieving environmental sustainability. The Group endeavours to comply with the relevant
laws and regulations regarding environmental protection and adopt effective measures to achieve efficient use of
resources, waste reduction and energy saving. For instance, the in-house facilities of the Group operate in compliance
with the relevant environmental rules and regulations. The Group reviews its environmental policies on a regular basis.


Further details of the Company’s environmental policies and performance are disclosed in the environmental, social and
governance report of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2024 (the “ESG Report”) published concurrently
with this annual report.


COMPLIANCE WITH THE RELEVANT LAWS AND REGULATIONS
As far as the Board and management are aware, the Group has complied in all material aspects with the relevant laws
and regulations that have a significant impact on the business and operation of the Group, details of which could
be referred to the section headed “Regulatory Overview” in the Prospectus. The Group has compliance policies and
procedures in place and would seek professional legal advice from its legal advisers to ensure that transactions and
business to be performed by the Group are in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations. During the Reporting
Period, there was no material breach of, or non-compliance, with applicable laws and regulations by the Group.
28   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT
     DIRECTORS ’ REPORT
                    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     HUMAN RESOURCES
     As at December 31, 2024, the Group had a total of 159 (2023: 167) employees and the total staff costs for the Reporting
     Period (including Directors’ emoluments) were RMB78.16 million (2023: RMB75.38 million). Remuneration of our
     employee is determined with reference to market conditions and individual employees’ performance, qualification and
     experience. In line with the performance of the Group and individual employees, a competitive remuneration package
     is offered to retain employees, including salaries, bonuses, employees’ provident fund and social security contributions
     and other welfare payments.


     During the Reporting Period, the relationship between the Group and our employees has been stable. We had not
     experienced any strikes or other labor disputes which materially affected our business activities. To maintain our
     workforce’s quality, knowledge, and skill levels, we are committed to continuously enhancing our team’s technical
     expertise, continuing education, project management capabilities and service quality with a comprehensive training
     system, including periodic technical training and regular sharing of industry insight to accelerate the learning progress
     and improve the knowledge and skill levels of our workforce. We also conduct training for our employees to abide by
     our anti-bribery and anti-corruption compliance requirements and applicable laws and regulations to eliminate bribery
     and corruption risks.


     RETIREMENT BENEFITS SCHEME
     The employees of the PRC subsidiaries are members of the state-managed retirement benefits scheme operated by
     the PRC government. The employees of the PRC subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage of their
     payroll to the retirement benefits scheme to fund the benefits. The only obligation of the Group with respect to this
     retirement benefits scheme is to make the required contributions under the scheme. During the year ended December
     31, 2024, under the PRC retirement benefits scheme, there were no contributions forfeited by the Group on behalf of
     its employees who leave the plan prior to vesting fully in such contribution, nor had there been any utilization of such
     forfeited contributions to reduce future contributions. No forfeited contributions were available for utilization by the
     Group to reduce the existing level of contributions.


     Details of the pension obligations of the Company are set out in Note 30 to the financial statements in this annual report.


     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
     Details of the related party transactions of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2024 are set out in Note 36 to
     the financial statements contained herein. For the year ended December 31, 2024, the Company has not conducted
     any continuing connected transaction which should be disclosed pursuant to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   29




                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ’
                                        DIRECTORS
                                                ANALYSIS
                                                  REPORT



MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
For the year ended December 31, 2024, revenue from the Group’s five largest customers accounted for approximately
65.6%(2023: 75.6%) of the Group’s total revenue. The Group’s largest customer for the year ended December 31,
2024 accounted for approximately 25.6%(2023: 39.9%) of the Group’s total revenue for the same year.


For the year ended December 31, 2024, purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for approximately
25.0% (2023: 43.9%) of the Group’s total purchase amount. The Group’s largest supplier for the year ended December
31, 2024 accounted for approximately 14.3% (2023: 18.7%) of the Group’s total purchase amount for the same year.


None of the Directors, their respective close associates, or any shareholder of the Company who, to the knowledge of
the Directors, owns more than 5% of the Company’s issued shares (excluding treasury shares), has any interest in any
of the Group’s five largest customers or five largest suppliers.


During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Group did not experience any significant disputes with its customers
or suppliers.


RELATIONSHIP WITH STAKEHOLDERS
The Group understands the importance of maintaining a good relationship with its employees, customers, suppliers,
and other stakeholders to meet its immediate and long-term goals. The Group will continue to ensure effective
communication and maintain good relationship with each of its key stakeholders. An account of the Company’s key
relationships with its employees, customers, suppliers and other stakeholders that have a significant impact on the
Company is set out in the ESG Report.


SOCIAL RESPONSIBILITY
We are highly committed to fulfilling our social responsibilities and giving back to the communities in which we
operate. We maintain a WeChat public account which routinely share scientific, health and medical information on
brain sciences and cognitive health.


PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
The following list is a summary of certain principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group, some of which are beyond
its control.


•     If we are unable to successfully complete clinical development, obtain regulatory approval and commercialize
      our product candidates, or experience significant delays in doing so, our business and financial prospects will
      be materially adversely affected.


•     If we are not able to develop and release new products that are competitive in the market, or develop successful
      enhancements or indication expansions of our System or any future products in a timely manner our products
      may become obsolete and our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely
      affected.
30   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT
     DIRECTORS ’ REPORT
                    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     •       Clinical development is a lengthy, expensive and uncertain process, and unsuccessful clinical trials or procedures
             relating to products and indications under development could have a material adverse effect on our prospects.


     •       Our algorithms and methodologies are complex and may contain errors or may not operate properly, which
             could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.


     •       Some of our current and future products may be classified or reclassified as Class III medical devices under
             relevant PRC laws and regulations.


     •       If we are unable to develop and successfully maintain adequate sales and commercial distribution capabilities,
             our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. If we are unable to maintain and expand our
             relationships with qualified third-party service providers, or to attract, motivate and retain a sufficient number
             of qualified personnel to support our selling and distribution efforts, sales volumes or margin of our System and
             other products may be adversely affected and we may be unable to extend our market coverage and deepen
             our market penetration as contemplated.


     •       There is also no assurance that we will be able to maintain our sales, which may be adversely affected by many
             factors outside of our control.


     •       Increasingly stringent regulatory requirements could create barriers to our development and introduction of new
             products.


     •       You may lose substantially all your investments in us given the high risks and uncertainties associated with our
             business operations and the cognitive impairment DTx industry.


     •       Our relationships with customers will be subject to applicable anti-bribery, anti-kickback, fraud and abuse and
             other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, exclusion from
             government healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm and diminished profits and future
             earnings.


     However, the above is not an exhaustive list. Investors are advised to make their own judgment or consult their own
     investment advisors before making any investment in the Shares.

     FINANCIAL SUMMARY
     A summary of the consolidated results and the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last three financial years,
     is set out on page 166 of this annual report. This summary does not form part of the audited consolidated financial
     statements.


     ADVANCE TO ENTITY PROVIDED BY THE COMPANY
     During the Reporting Period, the Company had not provided any advance to an entity which is subject to disclosure
     requirement under Rule 13.20 of the Listing Rules.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   31




                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ’
                                        DIRECTORS
                                                ANALYSIS
                                                  REPORT



BREACH OF LOAN AGREEMENT
During the Reporting Period, the Company had not breached any terms of its loan agreements for loans that are
significant to its operations.


FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE AND GUARANTEES TO AFFILIATED COMPANIES BY THE COMPANY
During the Reporting Period, the Company had not provided any financial assistance and guarantees to affiliated
companies of the Company which is subject to disclosure requirements under Rule 13.22 of the Listing Rules.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Articles of Association or the laws of the Cayman Islands which
would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro-rata basis to the existing Shareholders.


TAX RELIEF AND EXEMPTION OF HOLDERS OF LISTED SECURITIES
The Company is not aware of any tax relief or exemption available to the Shareholders by reason of their respective
holding of the Company’s securities.


SUBSIDIARIES
Particulars of the Company’s subsidiaries are set out in Note 37 to the financial statements.


PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
Details of movements in the property, plant and equipment of the Company and the Group during the Reporting Period
are set out in Note 16 to the financial statements.


SHARE CAPITAL
Details of movements in the share capital of the Company during the Reporting Period are set out in Note 28 to the
financial statements.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
According to the information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the Board, as at
the latest practicable date prior to the issue of this annual report, the Company has maintained the public float as
required under the Listing Rules.


DONATION
During the Reporting Period, the Company did not make any donations (2023: nil).


DEBENTURE ISSUED
The Group did not issue any debenture during the Reporting Period (2023: nil).
32   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT
     DIRECTORS ’ REPORT
                    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
     No equity-linked agreements were entered into by the Group, or existed during the Reporting Period.


     RESULTS AND DIVIDEND
     The consolidation results of the Group for the Reporting Period are set out on pages 77 to 159 of this annual report.


     The Board has resolved not to recommend payment of any final dividend for the year ended December 31, 2024.


     There is no arrangement that a Shareholder has waived or agreed to waive any dividend.

     PERMITTED INDEMNITY
     A permitted indemnity provision (as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong))
     in relation to the directors’ and officers’ liability insurance is currently in force and was in force during the Reporting
     Period and up to the date of this annual report. The Company has arranged appropriate directors’ liability insurance
     coverage for the Directors of the Group during the Reporting Period and up to the Latest Practicable Date.


     RESERVES
     Details of the movements in the reserves of the Company during the Reporting Period are set out in the consolidated
     statement of changes in equity of the financial statements. As at December 31, 2024, the Company had no reserves
     available for distribution under the provisions of the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands.


     BANK LOANS AND OTHER BORROWINGS
     Particulars of bank loans and other borrowings of the Group (including the maturity profile of borrowings and committed
     banking facilities) as at December 31, 2024 are set out in this annual report and Note 26 to the financial statements.
     There is no material seasonality of borrowing requirements for the Group. Save as disclosed, we did not have any
     material mortgages, charges, debentures, loan capital, debt securities, loans, unutilized banking facilities, bank overdrafts
     or other similar indebtedness, liabilities under acceptances (other than normal trade bills), acceptance credits, which
     are either guaranteed, unguaranteed, secured or unsecured, or guarantees.


     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
     Each of our executive Directors, Mr. Tan and Dr. Wang, has entered into a service contract with our Company on
     December 19, 2024 for an initial term of three years commencing from the Listing Date, which may be terminated
     by not less than 3 months notice in writing served by either the executive Director or our Company. Pursuant to the
     service contracts entered into with us, none of our executive Directors will receive any remuneration as director’s fee.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   33




                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ’
                                         DIRECTORS
                                                 ANALYSIS
                                                   REPORT



Each of our non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors has entered into an appointment letter
with our Company on December 19, 2024 for an initial term of three years commencing from the Listing Date,
which may be terminated by not less than 3 months notice in writing served by either the executive Director or our
Company. Pursuant to the appointment letters entered into with us, none of our non-executive Directors will receive any
remuneration as director’s fee, and each of our independent non-executive Directors will receive an annual director’s
fee of HK$300,000.


None of the Directors proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has an unexpired service
contract which is not determinable by the Company or any of its subsidiaries within one year without payment of
compensation, other than under normal statutory obligations.


DIRECTORS ’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR CONTRACTS OF
SIGNIFICANCE
Save as disclosed in this annual report, none of the Directors nor any entity connected with the Directors had a
material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance to which
the Company, its holding company, or any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party subsisting has entered
into any service agreement or letter of appointment with any member of the Group (excluding agreements expiring
or determinable by any member of the Group within one year without payment of compensation other than statutory
compensation) during or at the end of the Reporting Period.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN COMPETING BUSINESS
During the Reporting Period, none of the Directors or their respective close associates (as defined in the Listing Rules) had
any interest in a business that competed or was likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the
Group, other than being a director of the Company and/or its subsidiaries. From time to time our non-executive Directors
may serve on the boards of both private and public companies within the broader healthcare and biopharmaceutical
industries. However, as these non-executive Directors are not members of our executive management team, we do
not believe that their interests in such companies as directors would render us incapable of carrying on our business
independently from the other companies in which these Directors may hold directorships from time to time.


ARRANGEMENTS TO PURCHASE SHARES OR DEBENTURES
At no time during the Reporting Period was the Company, its holding company, or any of its subsidiaries, a party to
any arrangement to enable the Directors to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of Shares in, or debt securities
including debentures of, the Company or any other body corporate.
34   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT
     DIRECTORS ’ REPORT
                    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
     UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS ASSOCIATED
     CORPORATIONS
     As the Company has not been listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange as at December 31, 2024, Divisions 7
     and 8 of Part XV and section 352 of SFO are not applicable to the Directors and chief executive of our Company as at
     December 31, 2024.

     As at the date of this annual report, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company
     in the Shares, underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or any associated corporation (within the meaning
     of Part XV of the SFO), which (a) were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to
     Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which he/she was taken or deemed to
     have under such provisions of the SFO); or (b) were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in
     the register referred to therein; or (c) were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant
     to the Model Code, were as follows:

     Interest in our Company

                                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                                      Number of           percentage of
     Name of Director                 Capacity/Nature of interest                                   Shares held(5)         shareholding


     Mr. Tan(1)                       Interest in controlled corporation                           275,468,000(L)                  21.75%
                                      Interest held through voting powers entrusted                 99,104,000(L)                   7.83%
                                         by other persons
                                      Beneficial owner                                              27,129,000(L)                   2.14%
                                                                                                   401,701,000(L)                  31.72%
     Dr. Wang(2)                      Interest in controlled corporation                           183,955,000(L)                  14.53%
                                      Beneficial owner                                              26,946,000(L)                   2.13%
                                                                                                   210,901,000(L)                  16.66%
     Mr. Deng Feng(3)                 Interest in controlled corporation                           126,854,000(L)                  10.02%
     Ms. Li Mingqiu(4)                Interest in controlled corporation                           123,527,000(L)                   9.76%

     Notes:

     (1)      Mr. Tan is interested in (i) 275,468,000 Shares held by ZTan Limited, his controlled corporation, and (ii) a total of 99,104,000
              Shares held by Healthblooming Limited through voting powers entrusted by Healthblooming Limited.

              Mr. Tan was granted 27,129,000 Awarded Shares under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme.

     (2)      Dr. Wang is interested in a total of 183,955,000 Shares held by Wispirits Limited, Wiseforward Limited and Neurobright
              Limited, his controlled corporations.

              Dr. Wang was granted Awards to acquire 26,946,000 Shares under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme.

     (3)      Mr. Deng Feng is interested in 126,854,000 Shares held by Northern Light Strategic Fund IV L.P., Northern Light Venture Fund
              IV L.P. and Northern Light Partners Fund IV L.P.

     (4)      Ms. Li Mingqiu is interested in 123,527,000 Shares held by Crusky Limited.

     (5)      The letter “L” denotes the person’s long position in the Shares.
                                                                                                                             Annual Report 2024    35




                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ’
                                            DIRECTORS
                                                    ANALYSIS
                                                      REPORT



Interest in associated corporations


                                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                                    percentage
                                                                                                                                     of interest
                                                                                                                                          in the
                                                                                               Amount of registered                  associated
Name of Director      Nature of interest                   Associated corporations             capital/shares held                 corporation


Mr. Tan(1)            Beneficial owner                     Beijing Yihui Technology Co. Ltd.   RMB385,936 registered capital             0.76%
                                                             (北京益慧科技有限公司)
                                                             (“Beijing Yihui”)
Dr. Wang(2)           Beneficial owner                     Beijing Yihui                       RMB142,712 registered capital             0.28%
                      Interest in controlled corporation   Beijing Yihui                       RMB98,021 registered capital(1)           0.19%
                                                                                               RMB240,733 registered capital             0.47%
Ms. Li Mingqiu        Interest in controlled corporation   Beijing Yihui                       RMB161,653 registered capital(2)          0.32%

Notes:

(1)      Shuhui LP and Zhipan LP are limited partnerships whose general partner is Liuhui Biotech, which is wholly owned by Dr. Wang.
         Therefore, Dr. Wang is deemed to be interested in RMB39,782 and RMB58,239 registered capital of Beijing Yihui held by
         Shuhui LP and Zhipan LP respectively.

(2)      Tianjin Tianjian Medical Technology Co. Ltd. (天津天鍵醫療科技有限公司) (“Tianjin Tianjian”) is wholly owned by Ms. Li
         Mingqiu. Therefore, Ms. Li Mingqiu is deemed to be interested in RMB161,653 registered capital of Beijing Yihui held by
         Tianjin Tianjian.


Save as disclosed in this annual report and to the best knowledge of the Directors, as at the Latest Practicable Date,
none of the Directors or the chief executive of the Company has any interests and/or short positions in the Shares,
underlying Shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the
SFO) which were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part
XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of
the SFO) or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein
or which were required, pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.
36   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT
     DIRECTORS ’ REPORT
                    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS ’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
     UNDERLYING SHARES
     As the Company has not been listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange as at December 31, 2024, Divisions 2
     and 3 of Part XV and section 336 of SFO are not applicable to the Directors and chief executive of the Company as at
     December 31, 2024.

     As at the Latest Practicable Date, the following persons (other than the Directors and chief executives whose interests
     have been disclosed in this report), had an interest or short position in the Shares and underlying Shares which would
     fall to be disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or as recorded in the register
     required to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:

     Interest in our Company

                                                                                                            Approximate
     Name of                                                                             Number of         percentage of
     Substantial Shareholder                  Capacity/Nature of interest              Shares held(1)     shareholding(2)


     ZTan Limited(3)                          Beneficial owner(3)                      275,468,000(L)             21.75%
     Mr. Tan(3)(4)(5)                         Interest in controlled corporation(3)    275,468,000(L)             21.75%
                                              Interest held through voting powers       99,104,000(L)              7.83%
                                                 entrusted by other persons(4)
                                              Beneficial owner(5)                       27,129,000(L)              2.14%
                                                                                       401,701,000(L)             31.72%
     Wispirits Limited(6)                     Beneficial owner(6)                      109,052,000(L)              8.61%
     Dr. Wang(6)(7)                           Interest in controlled corporation(6)    183,955,000(L)             14.53%
                                              Beneficial owner(7)                       26,946,000(L)              2.13%
                                                                                       210,901,000(L)             16.66%
     Northern Light Venture                   Beneficial owner(8)                      115,729,000(L)              9.14%
        Fund IV L.P. (“NLVF”)(8)
     Northern Light Partners IV L.P.          Interest in controlled corporation(8)    126,854,000(L)             10.02%
        (“NL Partners”)(8)
     Northern Light Venture                   Interest in controlled corporation(8)    126,854,000(L)             10.02%
        Capital IV, Ltd.(8)
     Mr. Deng Feng(8)                         Interest in controlled corporation(8)    126,854,000(L)             10.02%
     Crusky Limited(9)                        Beneficial owner(9)                      123,527,000(L)              9.76%
     Ms. Li Mingqiu (李明秋)(9)                  Interest in controlled corporation(9)    123,527,000(L)              9.76%
     Healthblooming Limited(10)               Beneficial owner(10)                      99,104,000(L)              7.83%
     Mr. Zhao Yujie (趙宇傑)                     Interest in controlled corporation(10)    99,104,000(L)              7.83%
        (“Mr. Zhao”)(10)
     Wisdomspirit Holding                     Beneficial owner(11)                      85,166,000(L)              6.73%
        Limited(11)
     Trident Trust Company (HK)               Interest in controlled corporation(11)    85,166,000(L)              6.73%
        Limited (“Trident”)(11)
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   37




                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ’
                                            DIRECTORS
                                                    ANALYSIS
                                                      REPORT



                                                                                                                  Approximate
Name of                                                                                      Number of           percentage of
Substantial Shareholder                 Capacity/Nature of interest                        Shares held(1)       shareholding(2)


Suzhou Ceyuan Fuhai               Beneficial owner(12)                                      70,525,000(L)                 5.57%
  Enterprise Management
  Partnership (Limited
  Partnership)* (蘇州策源扶海
  企業管理合夥企業(有限合
  夥)) (“Suzhou Ceyuan”)(12)
Youchan Equity Investment         Interest in controlled corporation(12)                    70,525,000(L)                 5.57%
  Fund Partnership (Limited
  Partnership)* (成都高新
  策源優產股權投資基金合
  夥企業(有限合夥)) (“Orinno
  Investment”)(12)
Chengdu High-tech Jicui           Interest in controlled corporation(12)                    70,525,000(L)                 5.57%
  Technology Co., Limited* (
  成都高新集萃科技有限公司)
  (“Chengdu High-tech Jicui”)(12)
Chengdu High-tech Investment      Interest in controlled corporation(12)                    70,525,000(L)                 5.57%
  Group Co., Ltd.* (成都高新
  投資集團有限公司)
  (“Chengdu High-tech
  Investment”)(12)
Chengdu High-tech Industrial      Interest in controlled corporation(12)                    70,525,000(L)                 5.57%
  Development Zone Finance
  Bureau* (成都高新技術產業
  開發區國資金融局)
  (“Chengdu Hightech
  Industrial”)(12)
CFCH(13)                          Beneficial owner(13)                                      70,143,000(L)                 5.54%
Mr. Lv Yajun (呂亞軍)(13)                  Interest in controlled corporation(13)              70,143,000(L)                 5.54%
 (“Mr. Lv”)

Notes:

(1)      The letter “L” denotes the person’s long position in the Shares.

(2)      As at the Latest Practicable Date, the Company has a total of 1,266,278,000 Shares in issue.

(3)      ZTan Limited was wholly owned by Mr. Tan. Therefore, Mr. Tan is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by ZTan Limited
         under the SFO.
38   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT
     DIRECTORS ’ REPORT
                    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     (4)     Pursuant to the Voting Proxy Agreement, Mr. Tan is entitled to exercise the voting rights of the Shares held by Healthblooming
             Limited. Therefore, Mr. Tan is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Healthblooming Limited under the SFO.

     (5)     Mr. Tan was granted Awards to acquire 27,129,000 Shares under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme.

     (6)     Wispirits Limited was wholly owned by Dr. Wang. Therefore, Dr. Wang is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by
             Wispirits Limited under the SFO.

             Each of the shareholders of Wiseforward Limited entered into proxy arrangement with Dr. Wang respectively, to allow Dr. Wang
             to have control over the entire voting power thereof, and as such Wiseforward Limited is a controlled corporation of Dr. Wang.
             Therefore, Dr. Wang is deemed to be interested in all the interests of Wiseforward Limited in our Company under the SFO.

             Neurobright Limited was owned as to approximately by 32.82% by Dr. Wang, and each of the shareholders of Neurobright
             Limited entered into proxy arrangement with Dr. Wang respectively, to allow Dr. Wang to have control over the entire voting
             power thereof, and as such Neurobright Limited is a controlled corporation of Dr. Wang. Therefore, Dr. Wang is deemed to
             be interested in all the interests of Neurobright Limited in our Company under the SFO.

     (7)     Dr. Wang was granted Awards to acquire 26,946,000 Shares under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme.

     (8)     Each of Northern Light Strategic Fund IV L.P. (“NLSF”), NLVF and Northern Light Partners Fund IV L.P. (“NLPF”) is an exempted
             limited partnership established in the Cayman Islands, whose general partner is NL Partners. NL Partners is an exempted limited
             partnership established in the Cayman Islands, whose general partner is Northern Light Venture Capital IV, Ltd., a company
             controlled by Mr. Deng Feng, our non-executive Director. Therefore, each of NL Partners, Northern Light Venture Capital IV,
             Ltd. and Mr. Deng Feng is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by NLSF, NLVF and NLPF.

     (9)     Crusky Limited was wholly owned by Ms. Li Mingqiu. Therefore, Ms. Li Mingqiu is deemed to be interested in the Shares held
             by Crusky Limited under the SFO.

     (10)    Healthblooming Limited was owned as to approximately by 39.96% by Mr. Zhao. No other shareholder of Healthblooming
             Limited held one-third or more of the voting power therein. Therefore, Mr. Zhao is deemed to be interested in the Shares
             held by Healthblooming Limited under the SFO.

     (11)    Wisdomspirit Holding Limited is a company wholly owned by Trident, the trustee of the trust set up by the Company to facilitate
             the administration of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme, of which the Company is the settlor. Therefore, Trident is deemed to
             be interested in the Shares held by Wisdomspirit Holding Limited under the SFO.

     (12)    Suzhou Ceyuan will hold 5.57% in the Company. Orinno Investment is the sole limited partner which controls Suzhou Ceyuan,
             owning 99.99995% therein. Orinno Investment is in turn owned as to (i) 50% by Chengdu High-tech Jicui as a limited partner,
             a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chengdu High-tech Industrial, and (ii) 44% by Chengdu High-tech Investment as a limited
             partner, which is in turn owned as to 90% by Chengdu High-tech Industrial. Therefore, each of Orinno Investment, Chengdu
             High-tech Jicui, Chengdu High-tech Industrial and Chengdu High-tech Investment is deemed to be interested in the Shares
             held by Suzhou Ceyuan.

     (13)    CFCH was wholly owned by Mr. Lv. Therefore, Mr. Lv is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by CFCH under the SFO.
                                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   39




                          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ’
                                            DIRECTORS
                                                    ANALYSIS
                                                      REPORT



Interest in Members of our Group


                                                                                                                           Approximate
                                                                                                                            percentage
                                                                                                                             of interest
                                                                                                             Amount of            in the
                                                                                                             registered        member
                                                                                                            capital held          of our
Name                                   Nature of Interest       Name of member of our Group                       (RMB)      Group (%)


Shenyang Youyang Future                Beneficial owner         Brain Aurora Medical Technology                 150,000            15%
  Technology Co., Ltd. (瀋陽優陽                                      (Liaoning) Co., Ltd. (腦動極光醫療科技
  未來科技有限公司)(1)                                                    (遼寧)有限公司) (“BrainAurora
                                                                  Liaoning”)(1)
Wang Ningning (王寧寧)(1)                 Interest in controlled   BrainAurora Liaoning(1)                         150,000            15%
                                          corporation
Zhang Zhiwei (張志偉)(2)                  Beneficial owner         Brain Aurora Medical Technology (Shaanxi)       200,000            20%
                                                                  Co., Ltd. (“BrainAurora Shaanxi”)
                                                                  (腦動極光醫療科技(陝西)有限公司)(2)
Beijing Ruian Enzhuo Biotechnology     Beneficial owner         Beijing Wanxiang Aurora Technology              300,000            30%
   Co., Ltd. (北京瑞安恩卓生物科技                                          Co., Ltd. (北京萬相極光科技有限公司)
   有限公司)(3)                                                       (“Wanxiang Aurora”)(3)
Beijing Fanhai Wanxiang Technology     Interest in controlled   Wanxiang Aurora(3)                              300,000            30%
   Co., Ltd. (北京泛海萬象科技有限                  corporation
   公司)(3)
Li Deming (李德名)(3)                     Interest in controlled   Wanxiang Aurora(3)                              300,000            30%
                                          corporation
Chengdu Kerui Dite Enterprise          Beneficial owner         Sichuan Huiyu Aurora Medical Technology         200,000            20%
  Management Co., Ltd. (成都克瑞                                       Co., Ltd. (四川慧譽極光醫療科技有限
  帝特企業管理有限公司)(4)                                                   公司) (“Sichuan Huiyu”)(4)
Cao Jiaxuan (曹家宣)(4)                   Interest in controlled   Sichuan Huiyu(4)                                200,000            20%
                                          corporation
Wang Xiumin (王秀敏)(4)                   Interest in controlled   Sichuan Huiyu(4)                                200,000            20%
                                          corporation
Beijing Anyi Huidong Medical           Beneficial owner         Beijing Hongze Technology Development           428,600            30%
  Technology Co., Ltd. (北京安醫                                      Co., Ltd. (北京浤澤科技發展有限公司)
  匯動醫學科技有限公司)(5)                                                  (“Hongze Technology”) (5)
Shoudu Huizhi Medical Technology     Interest in controlled     Hongze Technology(5)                            428,600            30%
  Outcome Transformation Academy        corporation
  (首都匯智醫療科技成果轉化研究院)              (5)
40   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT
     DIRECTORS ’ REPORT
                    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     Notes:

     (1)      BrainAurora Liaoning is owned as to (i) 85% by Beijing Zhijingling, an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,
              and (ii) 15% by Shenyang Youyang Future Technology Co., Ltd. (瀋陽優陽未來科技有限公司), which is controlled by Wang
              Ningning (王寧寧). To the best knowledge of our Directors, each of Shenyang Youyang Future Technology Co., Ltd. and
              Wang Ningning is an Independent Third Party and not a connected person at the subsidiary level, taking into account that
              BrainAurora Liaoning is an insignificant subsidiary for the purpose of Rule 14A.09 of the Listing Rules.

     (2)      BrainAurora Shaanxi is owned as to (i) 80% by Beijing Zhijingling, an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and
              (ii) 20% by Zhang Zhiwei (張志偉). To the best knowledge of our Directors, Zhang Zhiwei is an Independent Third Party, and
              not a connected person at the subsidiary level, taking into account that BrainAurora Shaanxi is an insignificant subsidiary for
              the purpose of Rule 14A.09 of the Listing Rules.

     (3)      Wanxiang Aurora is owned as to (i) 70% by Beijing Zhijingling, an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and
              (ii) 30% by Beijing Ruian Enzhuo Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (北京瑞安恩卓生物科技有限公司), which is wholly owned by Beijing
              Fanhai Wanxiang Technology Co., Ltd. (北京泛海萬象科技有限公司), and thus in turn controlled by Li Deming (李德名). To
              the best knowledge of our Directors, each of Beijing Ruian Enzhuo Biotechnology Co., Ltd. and Li Deming is an Independent
              Third Party, and not a connected person at the subsidiary level, taking into account that Wanxiang Aurora is an insignificant
              subsidiary for the purpose of Rule 14A.09 of the Listing Rules.

     (4)      Sichuan Huiyu is a limited liability company established in the PRC on May 22, 2023. As of the Latest Practicable Date, it is
              owned as to (i) 80% by Beijing Zhijingling, an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and (ii) 20% by Chengdu
              Kerui Dite Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. (成都克瑞帝特企業管理有限公司), a company owned as to 50% and 50% by Cao
              Jiaxuan (曹家宣) and Wang Xiumin (王秀敏) respectively. To the best knowledge of our Directors, each of Chengdu Kerui Dite
              Enterprise Management Co., Ltd., Cao Jiaxuan and Wang Xiumin is an Independent Third Party, taking consideration that
              Sichuan Huiyu is an insignificant subsidiary for purpose of Rule 14A.09 of the Listing Rules.

     (5)      Hongze Technology is owned as to approximately (i) 70% by Beijing Zhijingling, an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the
              Company, and (ii) 30% by Beijing Anyi Huidong Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (北京安醫匯動醫學科技有限公司), which is
              wholly owned by Shoudu Huizhi Medical Technology Outcome Transformation Academy (首都匯智醫療科技成果轉化研究院),
              a social institute under the authority of Beijing Municipal Health Commission, a PRC government body. To the best knowledge
              of our Directors, Shoudu Huizhi Medical Technology Outcome Transformation Academy and its ultimate beneficial owner is
              an Independent Third Party, and not a connected person at the subsidiary level, taking into account that Hongze Technology
              is an insignificant subsidiary for the purpose of Rule 14A.09 of the Listing Rules.


     Save as disclosed above, as at the Latest Practicable Date, no person, other than the Directors and chief executives
     whose interests are set out in the section headed “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in
     Shares and Underlying Shares and Debentures of the Company or any of its Associated Corporations” had an interest
     or short position in the Shares or underlying Shares which would fall to be recorded in the registry required to be kept
     by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   41




                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ’
                                        DIRECTORS
                                                ANALYSIS
                                                  REPORT



INCENTIVE PLANS ADOPTED BY THE COMPANY
Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme
The Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme was adopted by the Company and took effect on July 30, 2023 (the “Adoption
Date”). The terms of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme are not subject to the provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing
Rules as it does not involve any grant of awards by our Company to subscribe for new Shares after the Listing. All
Awarded Shares available for grant have been granted to specific individuals under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme,
and no further grant will be made under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme after the Listing. All the Shares underlying
the Awards granted under the Pre-IPO Share Award have been issued to Wisdomspirit Holding Limited to hold on
behalf and for the benefit of the specified grantees thereunder. The following is a summary of the principal terms of
the Pre-IPO Share Award.


(a)   Purpose
      The specific objectives of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme aims to (i) recognise and reward the contributions of
      certain eligible employees of the Group; and (ii) incentivize them for their future contribution to the continual
      operation and development of the Company.


(b)   Eligibility
      Any individual(s) being an employee (including without limitation any executive director) (other than any
      employee(s) who is resident in a place where the grant of the Awards and/or the vesting and transfer of the
      Awards pursuant to the terms of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme is not permitted under the laws or regulations
      of such place or where in the view of the Board, compliance with applicable laws or regulations in such place
      makes it necessary or expedient to exclude such employee (the “Excluded Employee”)) of any member of the
      Group at any time during the trust period.


(c)   Duration
      Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the Board, the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme shall be
      valid and effective for a term of ten (10) years commencing on the Adoption Date.


(d)   Maximum Number of Shares
      Under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme, the maximum number of Awards that may be granted under the Pre-IPO
      Share Award Scheme in aggregate (excluding the Awards that have lapsed or been cancelled in accordance with
      the rules of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme) shall be 85,166,000, held or to be held by Wisdomspirit Holding
      Limited (the “HoldCo”) for the purpose of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme representing 6.73% of the total
      share capital of the Company as at the Latest Practicable Date.
42   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT
     DIRECTORS ’ REPORT
                    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     (e)     Administration
             The Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme shall be subject to the administration of the Board in accordance with the
             rules of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme. The Board will make all determination in relation to the Pre-IPO Share
             Award Scheme. The Board may delegate the authority to administer this Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme to any
             committee thereof or any third party duly appointed thereby, including without limitation third party service
             providers and professional trustees (collectively, the “Authorized Administrators”). Any decision of the Board
             with respect to any matter arising under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme (including the interpretation of any
             provision) shall be final and binding on all parties.


     (f)     Price
             Subject to the provisions of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme, the Board may, from time to time, at its absolute
             discretion select any employee (other than any Excluded Employee) for participation in the Pre-IPO Share Award
             Scheme as a selected employee (the “Selected Employee”), and grant such number of Awards to any Selected
             Employee at a consideration as the Board may determine from time to time and in such number and on and
             subject to such terms and conditions as it may in its absolute discretion determine.


     (g)     Vesting
             Unless the Board determines otherwise, the Awards shall be vested according to the following schedule (the
             “Vesting Schedule”):


             (i)     30% of such Awards shall be vested on the date of the first anniversary of the Listing;


             (ii)    30% of such Awards shall be vested on the date of the second anniversary of the Listing; and


             (iii)   40% of such Awards shall be vested on the date of the third anniversary of the Listing.


             Upon the vesting of the Awards, (i) the Board may decide at its absolute discretion to send the Selected Employees
             (with a copy to the Trident Trust Company (HK) Limited (the “Trustee”)), within a reasonable time, a vesting
             notice (the “Vesting Notice”) together with such prescribed transfer documents which require the Selected
             Employee to execute to effect the vesting and transfer of the Awards and, if applicable, the cash or non-cash
             income, dividends or distributions and/or the sale proceeds of non-cash and non-scrip distributions in respect of
             those the Shares underlying the Awards, as the case may be, subject to the Selected Employees paying all tax,
             stamp duty, levies and charges applicable to such transfer to the Trustee or as the Trustee directs and complying
             with all the applicable laws and regulations. The Selected Employees shall be responsible for conducting all
             necessary filings, registration or other administrative proceedings as required by applicable laws, rules or
             regulations, including but not limited to foreign exchange registration, for their obtaining of the Awards; (ii) upon
             receipt of the Vesting Notice, the Selected Employee (or his legal representative or lawful successor, as the case
             may be) is required to return to the Board the reply slip attached to the Vesting Notice to confirm the securities
             account details, together with the relevant duly signed transfer documents. In the event that the Board does
             not receive the reply slip and the transfer form from the Selected Employee within the period stipulated in the
             Vesting Notice, the Awards which would have otherwise vested in such Selected Employee shall be automatically
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   43




                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ’
                                        DIRECTORS
                                                ANALYSIS
                                                  REPORT



      forfeited and remain as part of the trust fund and be held by the Trustee or HoldCo. The Trustee may, under the
      Board’s instructions re-allocate or procure the HoldCo to re-allocate such Shares underlying the Awards granted
      to other Selected Employees, or in case no other Selected Employees can be identified, reallocate such Shares
      underlying the Awards granted to any other person designated by the Company; and (iii) subject to the receipt
      by the Trustee of (a) the reply slip to the Vesting Notice and transfer documents prescribed by the Trustee and
      duly signed by the Selected Employee within the period stipulated in the Vesting Notice, (b) a confirmation from
      the Board that all vesting conditions having been fulfilled, and (c) certified copies of the identification documents
      of the Selected Employee and/or the special purpose vehicle wholly owned by the Employee(s) established for
      the purpose of holding the Awards (the “SPV”) at least ten (10) business days prior to the Vesting Date, the
      Trustee shall or procure the HoldCo to transfer the relevant Awards to the relevant Selected Employee or the
      SPV as designated by the Selected Employee as soon as practicable on or after the Vesting Date and in any event
      not later than ten (10) business days after the Vesting Date.


      The Board may at its discretion, with or without further conditions, grant additional Shares out of the trust fund
      (including but not limited to the cash or non-cash income, dividends or distributions and/or the cash income
      or net proceeds of sale of non-cash and non-scrip distribution) declared by the Company or derived from such
      Shares underlying the Awards granted during the period from the grant date to the Vesting Date to a Selected
      Employee upon the vesting of any Awards. In such case the Board shall deliver a grant notice to the Selected
      Employee and the Trustee specifying the number of additional Shares and cash amount to be granted to the
      Selected Employee. The Trustee shall or shall procure the HoldCo to transfer the specified number of additional
      Shares, together with the Shares underlying the Awards granted, to the Selected Employee or the SPV as
      designated by the Selected Employee on the Vesting Date.


      The Board and/or the Authorised Administrator have absolute discretion in determining whether the vesting
      conditions applicable to a Selected Employee are satisfied. The vesting conditions include but not limited to: (i)
      the Selected Employee shall remain an employee of the Group on the relevant vesting dates; (ii) there shall be
      no occurrence of any triggering events for the surrender of the Awards; and (iii) the Selected Employee and his
      associate(s) shall not be employed by or operate or invest in any entity, during the period from the grant date
      to the relevant Vesting Dates, the business of which competes with the core business of the Group.


(h)   Disqualification of Selected Employee
      In the event that prior to or on the Vesting Date, a Selected Employee is found to be an Excluded Employee or
      is deemed to cease to be an Employee, the relevant grant made to such Selected Employee shall automatically
      lapse forthwith and the relevant Awards shall not vest on the relevant Vesting Date but shall remain part of the
      trust fund and be held by the Trustee or the HoldCo.


      Unless the Board determines otherwise, the unvested Awards will be deemed to have been surrendered by a
      Selected Employee upon the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) termination of employment with or
      without any cause; (ii) unsatisfactory performance leading to demotion; (iii) failure to meet performance appraisal
      rating for the previous year according to the performance appraisal rating policy of the Company (as amended
      from time to time); (iv) no renewal of the employment contract upon the expiration; or (v) any other event to
      be determined by the Board.
44   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT
     DIRECTORS ’ REPORT
                    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     (i)        Voting Rights
                A Selected Employee shall not have the voting rights or any interest or rights (including the right to receive
                dividends or other distributions) in respect of the Awards prior to the Vesting Date. The Trustee shall not exercise
                the voting rights in respect of any Shares held by it under the Trust.


     All the Awards available for granting under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme have been granted before the Listing and
     there are no further awards available for grant pursuant to the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme since the Listing. During
     the Reporting Period, details of the movements in the Awards granted under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme are as
     follows pursuant to Rule 17.12 of the Listing Rules.



                                                                            Number of Shares underlying the relevant Awards
                                                         Number of                                                                                              Approximate
                                                        outstanding                                                    Outstanding                               percentage
                                                              Shares   Granted Exercised Cancelled             Lapsed       Awards                                     in the
                                                      underlying the during the during the during the during the              as at                                   issued
                                                  Awards granted as Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting December 31,                             Vesting         Shares
     Name of grantee                              at January 1, 2024     Period      Period      Period         Period       2024(2) Date of grant   period     immediately


     1. Directors, Chief executive and our                                    –            –            –           –
        Substantial Shareholders(1)
        Mr. Tan                                              27,129           –            –            –           –        27,129 July 31, 2023    Note (3)         2.14%
        Dr. Wang                                             26,946           –            –            –           –        26,946 July 31, 2023    Note (3)         2.13%


     Subtotal of Directors, Chief executive and              54,075           –            –            –           –        54,075                                   4.27%
        our Substantial Shareholders


     2. Employees                                            31,091           –            –            –           –        31,091 July 31, 2023    Note (3)         2.46%


     Total                                                   85,166           –            –            –           –        85,166                                   6.73%


     Notes:

     (1)        Mr. Tan is our executive Director and one of our Substantial Shareholders. Dr. Wang is our executive Director, CEO, as well
                as one of our Substantial Shareholders.

     (2)        After the Share Subdivision and the global offering, each such Share was split into 1,000 Shares.
                                                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   45




                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ’
                                          DIRECTORS
                                                  ANALYSIS
                                                    REPORT



(3)    The Awarded Shares granted shall vest in the following manner:

       (i)     30% of such Awarded Shares shall be vested on the date of the first anniversary of the Listing;

       (ii)    30% of such Awarded Shares shall be vested on the date of the second anniversary of the Listing; and

       (iii)   40% of such Awarded Shares shall be vested on the date of the third anniversary of the Listing.


COMPENSATION OF DIRECTORS AND FIVE INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST PAY
The Directors receive compensation in the form of fees, salaries, bonuses, other allowances, benefits in kind, contribution
to the pension scheme and other share-based compensation. We determine the compensation of our Directors based
on each Director’s responsibilities, qualification, position and seniority.


The emolument of executive Directors, non-executive Directors, independent non-executive Directors and senior
management of the Group were recommended by the Remuneration Committee and approved by the Board.


Details of the Directors’ emoluments and emoluments of the five highest paid individuals in the Group are set out in
Note 12 and Note 13 to the financial statements.


For the year ended December 31, 2024, no emoluments were paid by the Group to or receivable by any Director or any
of the five highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of
office and no consideration was paid by the Group to any third parties for making available Directors’ services. None
of the Directors has waived or agreed to waive any emoluments for the year ended December 31, 2024.


Except as disclosed above, no other payments have been made or are payable, for the year ended December 31, 2024,
by the Group to or on behalf of any of the Directors.


CONTRACTS WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS AND PLEDGING OF SHARES BY
CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
As at December 31, 2024, (i) there was no pledge of Shares to secure the Company’s debts or to secure guarantees
or other support of their obligations, (ii) there was no loan agreement with covenants relating to specific performance
of Controlling Shareholder, and (iii) no contract of significance has been entered into among the Company or any of
its subsidiaries and the Controlling Shareholders during the year ended December 31, 2024 or subsisted at the end of
the Reporting Period.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contract, concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
the Company was entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.


MATERIAL LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
The Group was not involved in any material legal proceeding during the Reporting Period.
46   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT
     DIRECTORS ’ REPORT
                    DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     PURCHASE, SALE OR REDEMPTION OF THE COMPANY’S LISTED SECURITIES
     Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries had purchased, sold or redeemed any of the Company’s listed securities
     during the Reporting Period.


     AUDITOR
     Since the Listing Date, the auditor of the Company has not changed. The consolidated financial statements for the
     year ended December 31, 2024 have been audited by Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, Certified Public Accountants and
     Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor, who are proposed for reappointment at the forthcoming annual general
     meeting of the Company.

     CONTINUING DISCLOSURE OBLIGATIONS PURSUANT TO THE LISTING RULES
     Save as disclosed in this annual report, the Company does not have any other disclosure obligations under Rules 13.20,
     13.21 and 13.22 of the Listing Rules.


     IMPORTANT EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
     On January 8, 2025, the Company’s shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange, where 1,266,278,000
     shares were issued and subscribed at an offer price of HK$3.22 per share by way of IPO to Hong Kong and overseas
     investors. Net proceeds from these issues amounted to approximately HK$501.32 million.


     Save as disclosed above, as of the date of this report, the Group had no significant events after the Reporting Period.


     USE OF PROCEEDS FROM THE GLOBAL OFFERING
     The total net proceeds from the issue of the Company’s shares by the Company in its listing on the Stock Exchange
     amounted to approximately HK$501.3 million, after deducting the underwriting fees and expenses payable by the
     Company in connection with the global offering. There was no change in the intended use of net proceeds as previously
     disclosed in the Prospectus. The net proceeds from the global offering will be utilized in that same manner, proportion
     and the expected timeframe as set out in the Prospectus under the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds”.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   47




                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ’
                                        DIRECTORS
                                                ANALYSIS
                                                  REPORT



The following table sets forth a summary of the intended use of net proceeds and their expected timeline of full
utilization. Since the Company was listed on January 8, 2025, details of the utilization of net proceeds from the global
offering was not available during the Reporting Period.


                                                            Use of proceeds in
                                                            the same manner and
                                                            proportion as stated           Expected timeframe for
                                                            in the Prospectus              utilizing the remaining
                                                            HK$ in million                 unutilized net proceeds


Approximately 40.0% of the net proceeds is expected         200.5                        Expected to be fully utilized
  to be used for conducting further R&D activities,                                        by the end of 2027
  advancing clinical trials for more indications, and
  advancing selling and distribution activities of our
  Core Product, the System;
Approximately 16.5% of the net proceeds is expected         82.7                         Expected to be fully utilized
  to be used for helping establish new cognitive centers                                   by the end of 2027
  for more hospitals across China through which
  hospitals can use our products to diagnose and treat
  patients with cognitive impairment and/or other
  disorders;
Approximately 15.0% of the net proceeds is expected         75.2                         Expected to be fully utilized
  to be used for strengthening our capabilities in AI and                                  by the end of 2026
  related technologies;
Approximately 5.0% of the net proceeds is expected to       25.1                         Expected to be fully utilized
  be used for accelerating the research, development                                       by the end of 2026
  and commercialization of other product candidates in
  and beyond our current product pipeline;
Approximately 15.0% of the net proceeds is expected         75.2                         Expected to be fully utilized
  to be used for brain science and DTx research centers                                    by the end of 2027
  in collaboration with academic institutions and
  hospitals;
Approximately 8.5% of the net proceeds is expected          42.6                         Expected to be fully utilized
  to be used for our working capital and other general                                     by the end of 2026
  corporate purposes.


Total                                                       501.3


By Order of the Board
BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited
Mr. Tan Zheng
Chairman and Executive Director

Hong Kong, April 28, 2025
48   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR
                  DISCUSSION AND
                          MANAGEMENT
                                 ANALYSIS



     DIRECTORS
     As of the date of this annual report, our Board of Directors comprised eight Directors, including two executive Directors,
     three non-executive Directors and three independent non-executive Directors.


     Executive Directors
     Mr. Tan Zheng (譚錚), aged 47, was appointed as our Director in April 2023 and the chief strategy officer of our
     Group in December 2020, and was re-designated as the chairman of the Board and our executive Director in July 2023.
     He is also the chairman of Nomination Committee. Mr. Tan joined our Group in December 2020 and was appointed
     as a director of BrainAurora Zhejiang in the same time. Since then, Mr. Tan has made significant contributions to the
     Group’s business development by leveraging on his investment insights and business development capabilities, including
     (i) making judgment calls to screen and seize promising market opportunities relating to the System; (ii) identifying
     pathways for and overseeing the Group’s commercialization initiatives; and (iii) introducing and securing new investments
     in the Group from certain other Pre-IPO Investors.


     Mr. Tan has served managerial positions at our subsidiaries, including those as set out below:


     Name of Company                                              Position                      Period of Service


     Zhejiang Zhiling Ruidong Medical Technology Co., Ltd.        Chairman of the board         Since June 2023
       (浙江智靈睿動醫療科技有限公司)
     Zhejiang BrainAurora Medical Technology Co., Ltd.            Chairman of the board         Since December 2020
       (浙江腦動極光醫療科技有限公司)


     Through working with various pharmaceutical companies, Mr. Tan has over 20 years of experience in health and medical
     field. From June 1998 to June 2004, he worked at Shaanxi Buchang Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd. (陝西步長製藥有限公
     司), a company in China principally engaged in the development and manufacturing of medical drugs, where his last
     position was an office supervisor at their Tianjin office. From June 2004 to January 2013, Mr. Tan served as an office
     supervisor at the Beijing office of Shaanxi Kanghui Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.* (陝西康惠控股有限公司), a company
     principally engaged in the research, development and production of pharmaceuticals products. Between January 2013
     and August 2015, Mr. Tan worked at Wuhan Heer Medical Technology Development Co., Ltd. (武漢呵爾醫療科技發展
     有限公司), a company in China engaged in, among other things, the development and manufacture of cancer screening
     and analysis systems, first as an office supervisor at the Beijing office and subsequently as a deputy general manager,
     where he was responsible for sales, supervision and management of daily matters. Since September 2015 and March
     2018, Mr. Tan has been serving as a director and the chairman of the board of directors, respectively, of Immunotech
     Applied Science Limited (北京永泰生物製品有限公司), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Immunotech Biopharm Ltd (永泰
     生物製藥有限公司) (“Immunotech”), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 06978.HK). Since August
     2019, Mr. Tan also has been serving as an executive director and the chairman of the board of directors in Immunotech.


     Mr. Tan is currently pursuing an executive master’s degree in business administration from United Business Institutes
     China.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   49




                      MANAGEMENT
                        DIRECTORS AND
                                  DISCUSSION
                                      SENIOR AND
                                             MANAGEMENT
                                                 ANALYSIS



Dr. Wang Xiaoyi (王曉怡), aged 47, was appointed as our Director in April 2023 and was re-designated as our executive
Director in July, 2023. Dr. Wang has been serving as our CEO and chief research officer of our Group since June 2020.


Dr. Wang has served managerial positions at our subsidiaries, including those as set out below:


Name of Company                                            Position                     Period of Service


Zhejiang Zhiling Ruidong Medical Technology Co., Ltd.      Director, manager            Since June 2023
  (浙江智靈睿動醫療科技有限公司)
Zhejiang BrainAurora Medical Technology Co., Ltd.          General manager,             Since September 2012
  (浙江腦動極光醫療科技有限公司)                                           director
Shenzhen BrainAurora Medical Technology Co., Ltd.          General manager,             Since October 2023
  (深圳腦動極光醫療科技有限公司)                                           executive director


Dr. Wang has over 15-year of experience in medical and health field. Between August 2009 and September 2010,
Dr. Wang worked as a contractor in the radiology department in Xuanwu Hospital. From September 2010 to February
2013, Dr. Wang worked in Xuanwu Hospital as an employee engineer. Dr. Wang also has been serving as a member
of the standing committee in China Society of Rehabilitation Medicine Special Committee on Telerehabilitation (中國
康復醫學會遠程康復專委會) from December 2017 to December 2021, China Rehabilitation Medical Association Special
Committee on AD and Cognitive Disorders Rehabilitation (中國康復醫學會AD與認知障礙康復專委會) since July 2021
and China Association of Gerontology and Geriatrics Nursing and Caregiving Branch (中國老年學與老年醫學學會護理
與照護分會) since October 2018.


Specifically on the development of DTx products, including the System, our Company has been relying on Dr. Wang’s
leadership and supervision leveraged on his wealth of relevant experience and expertise as he has been dedicated to
the fields of cognitive impairment screening, assessment, training and management for over ten years. He has also been
involved in national level research and development projects organized under the 13th Five-Year Plan for Economic and
Social Development of the People’s Republic of China (中華人民共和國國民經濟和社會發展第十三個五年規劃), such as
the 2017 Cerebrovascular Disease Exercise and Cognitive Rehabilitation System Management Program and the 2019
Major Chronic Non – Communicable Disease Prevention and Control Research Program. He also participated in the
Regional Science Foundation Projects (地區自然科學基金項目), such as the 2019 Beijing Brain Program Major Project on
the Development of Mobilized Targeted Intervention Technology for Schizophrenia Based on Comprehensive Cognitive
Function Assessment. Dr. Wang’s involvement in these major projects and his long-term research in the treatment
of cognitive impairment provide him with the industry experience necessary to guide our cognitive impairment DTx
research and development.


Dr. Wang obtained a bachelor’s degree in biology from College of Life Sciences, Beijing Normal University (北京師範大
學生命科學學院) in China, in July 2000 and graduated from the Institute of Psychology, Chinese Academy of Sciences
(中國科學研究院心理研究所) in China where he majored in applied psychology, in July 2005. Dr. Wang also obtained a
doctor’s degree in basic psychology from State Key Laboratory of Cognitive Neuroscience and Learning, Beijing Normal
University (北京師範大學認知神經科學與學習國家重點實驗室) in China, in June 2009.
50   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR
                  DISCUSSION AND
                          MANAGEMENT
                                 ANALYSIS



     Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Li Sirui (李思睿), aged 42, was appointed as a Director in April 2023 and was re-designated as our non-executive
     Director in July, 2023.


     Mr. Li has approximately 15-year of experience in investment. He served as the vice president and general manager of
     strategic planning in Huajing (Tianjin) Investment Management Co., Ltd. (華金(天津)投資管理有限公司) from May 2012
     to January 2016. Mr. Li has served as the analyst of Shenzhen Chongshi Private Equity Fund Management Co., Ltd. (
     深圳崇石私募股權投資基金管理有限公司) from September 2007 to May 2012. He has been serving as the director of
     strategic investment department in Tasly Pharmaceutical Group Co., Ltd (天士力醫藥集團股份有限公司), a company
     listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (Stock code: 600535) since April 2024, and the general manager of strategy
     development center at Tasly Bio-Medicine Industry Group Co., Ltd. (天士力生物醫藥產業集團有限公司) (formerly
     known as Tasly Holding Group Co., Ltd. (天士力控股集團有限公司)) since July 2020. He also served as the executive
     vice president and then the general manager of Juzhida Health Technology Services Group Co., Ltd. (聚智大健康科技
     服務集團有限公司) since March 2020.


     Mr. Li obtained a bachelor’s degree in pharmaceutical engineering from Tianjin University (天津大學) in China, in June
     2005. He obtained a master’s degree in business administration from Nankai University in China, in December 2014.
     Mr. Li has been a member of China Institute of Internal Audit (CIIA) since March 2011.


     Ms. Li Mingqiu (李明秋), aged 42, was appointed as our Director in July 2023 and was re-designated as our
     non-executive Director on July 30, 2023.


     Since January 2022, Ms. Li has been serving as the insurance business manager in Taiping Life Insurance Company
     Limited Liaoning Branch (太平人壽保險有限公司遼寧分公司). She also served as the executive director in Tianjin Tianjian
     Medical Technology Co. Ltd. (天津天鍵醫療科技有限公司).


     Ms. Li obtained bachelor’s degree in software engineering from University of Science and Technology Anshan (鞍山
     科技大學) (currently known as University of Science and Technology Liaoning (遼寧科技大學)) in China in July 2006.


     Mr. Deng Feng, aged 62, has served as our director since April 2023 and was re-designated as our non-executive
     Director on July 30, 2023.


     Mr. Deng has over 22 years of experience in venture capital, computer engineering and telecommunication industry.
     He founded Northern Light Venture Capital in January 2006 and served as its founding managing partner, focusing on
     investment in high technology, internet, consumption and healthcare sectors. He obtained a bachelor’s and a master’s
     degree in electronic engineering from Tsinghua University in China in July 1986 and December 1988, respectively, a
     master’s degree in computer engineering from the University of Southern California in U.S. in August 1993, and a
     master of business administration degree from the Wharton Business School of the University of Pennsylvania in U.S. in
     May 2005. Mr. Deng served as a director in New Hope Group (新希望集團有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen
     Stock Exchange (stock code: 000876.SZ), from September 2016 to May 2022. Mr. Deng also served as a director in
     iRay Technology Company Limited (上海奕瑞光電子科技股份有限公司) from July 2017 to March 2022. Mr. Deng has
     been serving as a director in Burning Rock Biotech Ltd., a company listed on Nasdaq (stock ticker: BNR) since August
     2016. He also served as a director in Hillstone Network Communication Technology Co. (山石網科通信技術股份有限
     公司), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 688030.SH), from December 2018 to January
     2022. From August 2018 to June 2022, he served as a director in Cytek Biosciences Inc., a company listed on Nasdaq
     (stock ticker: CTKB).
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   51




                      MANAGEMENT
                        DIRECTORS AND
                                  DISCUSSION
                                      SENIOR AND
                                             MANAGEMENT
                                                 ANALYSIS



Independent Non-executive Directors
Mr. Lam Yiu Por (林曉波), aged 48, has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director on the Listing Date.
He is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent advice on the operations and management of the
Group. He is also the chairman of the Audit Committee and a member of the Remuneration Committee.


Mr. Lam has been serving as an independent non-executive director in JNBY Design Limited (江南布衣有限公司),
a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 03306.HK) since October 13, 2016, and an independent
non-executive director in Xiamen Yan Palace Bird’s Nest Industry Co., Ltd. (廈門燕之屋燕窩產業股份有限公司), a
company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 01497.HK), since November 20, 2023. He has also been serving
as an independent non-executive director of Herbs Generation Group Holdings Limited (草姬集團控股有限公司), a
company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 02593.HK), since December 19, 2024. Since January 2021, Mr. Lam
has been serving as the chief financial officer and joint company secretary of Dingdang Health Technology Group Ltd.
(叮噹健康科技集團有限公司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 09886.HK). He served as the vice
president and chief financial officer of Greentech Technology International Limited (綠科科技國際有限公司), a company
listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 00195.HK), from November 2013 to July 2020. He served as an independent
non-executive director of Tian Ge Interactive Holdings Limited (天鴿互動控股有限公司), a company listed on the Stock
Exchange (stock code: 01980.HK), from January 2021 to June 2022. From December 2014 to March 2016, Mr. Lam
served as an independent non-executive director of Yat Sing Holdings Limited (日成控股有限公司), a company listed
on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 03708.HK, currently known as China Supply Chain Holdings Limited (中國供應鏈
產業集團有限公司)). From April 2015 to May 2017, Mr. Lam served as a non-executive director of Zhong Ao Home
Group Limited (中奧到家集團有限公司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 01538.HK). From October
2015 to June 2020, Mr. Lam served as an independent non-executive director of Denox Environmental & Technology
Holdings Limited (迪諾斯環保科技控股有限公司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 01452.HK). From
November 2016 to November 2018, Mr. Lam served as an independent non-executive director of China Tontine Wines
Group Limited (中國通天酒業集團有限公司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 00389.HK). From
June 2012 to February 2014, he was an independent non-executive director and chairman of the audit committee of
GR Properties Limited (國銳地產有限公司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 00108.HK, formerly
known as Buildmore International Limited). Mr. Lam also served as the chief financial officer and company secretary
of Lijun International Pharmaceutical (Holding) Co., Ltd. (利君國際醫藥(控股)有限公司) (currently known as SSY Group
Limited (石四藥集團有限公司)), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2005) from December 2005 to
May 2008 and the chief financial officer and qualified accountant of Zhongtian International Holdings Limited (中天
國際控股有限公司) (currently known as China Clean Energy Technology Group Limited (中國清潔能源科技集團有限公
司)), a company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 2379) from July 2004 to December 2005.


Mr. Lam received his bachelor’s degree of arts in accountancy from the Hong Kong Polytechnic University (香港理工大
學) in November 1997. Mr. Lam is a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, an associate of
The Hong Kong Chartered Governance Institute (formerly known as The Hong Kong Institute of Chartered Secretaries),
a chartered financial analyst of the CFA Institute, and a fellow of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants.
52   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR
                  DISCUSSION AND
                          MANAGEMENT
                                 ANALYSIS



     Dr. Duan Tao (段濤), aged 61, has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director on the Listing Date. He
     is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent advice on the operations and management of the
     Group. He is also a member of the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee.


     Since August 2000, Dr. Duan has been serving as the vice president and then the president Shanghai First Maternity
     and Infant Health Hospital of Tongji University (同濟大學附屬上海市第一婦嬰保健院). Dr. Duan has served as the
     project leader of the National Key Research and Development Program (國家重點研發計劃項目負責人) from July 2018
     to December 2020 for “Research and Development of New Technologies for Intrauterine Diagnosis and Treatment
     of Major Fetal Diseases (重大胎兒疾病宮內診斷和治療新技術研發).” He has been awarded as the Shanghai Excellent
     Discipline Leader (上海市優秀學術帶頭人) for the year of 2014 and Shanghai Medical Leader (上海市醫學領軍人才) for
     the year of 2015.


     Dr. Duan graduated from Shandong Medical University (山東醫科大學, currently known as Shandong University Cheeloo
     College of Medicine (山東大學齊魯醫學院)) and majored in medicine in China in July 1987. He obtained a doctor’s
     degree of medicine in Shanghai Medical University (上海醫科大學) (currently known as Shanghai Medical College of
     Fudan University (復旦大學上海醫學院)) in China in July 1992.


     Mr. Li Yuezhong (李月中), aged 55, has been appointed as an independent non-executive Director on the Listing
     Date. He is primarily responsible for supervising and providing independent advice on the operations and management
     of the Group. He is also the chairman of the Remuneration Committee and a member of the Audit Committee and
     Nomination Committee.


     From May 2000 to July 2005, Mr. Li was an executive director at UB China Business Management Co. Ltd. (友聯中國
     業務管理有限公司), a subsidiary of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China (Asia) Limited (“ICBC (Asia)”), a company
     listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 01398.HK), engaging in the management of the impaired loan portfolio of
     ICBC (Asia) in the PRC. From July 2005 to May 2009, he was an assistant general manager at China Merchants China
     Investment Management Limited (招商局中國投資管理有限公司), a fund management company incorporated in Hong
     Kong, where he was responsible for supervising project investment and management. From June 2009 to February
     2019, he was a joint managing director at CCB International Asset Management Limited (建銀國際資產管理有限公
     司), an asset management company established in Hong Kong. From February 2019 to June 2021, he has been a joint
     general manager of Greater Bay Area Development Fund Management Limited (大灣區發展基金管理有限公司), a Hong
     Kong company that provides fund investment financing services to professional investors, where he is responsible
     (along with other managers and responsible officers) for managing Greater Bay Area Development Fund Management
     Limited’s role as the investment manager of Greater Bay Area Homeland Development Fund LP. Mr. Li also served as a
     non-executive director of Immunotech Biopharm Ltd (永泰生物製藥有限公司), a company listed on the Stock Exchange
     (stock code: 06978.HK) from August 2019 to August 2021. Since January 2022, Mr. Li has been serving as a director
     in Beijing Boru Xincheng Investment Management Co., Ltd. (北京博儒信誠投資管理有限公司). Since May 2022, he has
     been serving as an independent director in Guizhou Guotai Intelligent Liquor Group Co., Ltd. (貴州國台數智酒業集團
     股份有限公司) (formerly known as Guizhou Guotai Liquor Group Co., Ltd. (貴州國台酒業集團股份有限公司)).


     In June 1993, Mr. Li obtained a bachelor’s degree in finance from Hunan University of Finance and Economics (湖南財
     經學院), (currently known as Hunan University (湖南大學)) in the PRC. In December 2005, he received a master’s degree
     in finance from University of Hong Kong.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   53




                      MANAGEMENT
                        DIRECTORS AND
                                  DISCUSSION
                                      SENIOR AND
                                             MANAGEMENT
                                                 ANALYSIS



SENIOR MANAGEMENT
Mr. Tan Zheng (譚錚) aged 47, is the chairman of the Board, executive Director and chief strategy officer. For details
of his biography, see subsection headed “－Directors — Executive Directors” above.


Dr. Wang Xiaoyi (王曉怡), aged 47, is an executive Director, CEO and chief research officer. For details of her
biography, see subsection headed “－Directors — Executive Directors” above.


Mr. Cai Longjun (蔡龍軍), aged 41, was appointed as our chief technology officer and chief operating officer in January
2022. Mr. Cai is responsible for developing technology strategies.


Mr. Cai has approximately 15 years of experience in computer science. Mr. Cai has served as the software developer
in International Commercial Machine (China) Investment Co., Ltd. (國際商業機器(中國)投資有限公司), the subsidiary of
International Business Machines Corporation, a company listed on Nasdaq (stock ticker: IBM) from July 2008 to October
2012. From September 2012 to October 2016, he served as a scientist in Beijing Qiyi Century Technology Co., Ltd.
(北京奇藝世紀科技有限公司), the subsidiary of iQIYI, Inc., a company listed on Nasdaq (stock ticker: IQ). From February
2017 to January 2022, he served as a senior algorithm expert in the branch of Youku Network Technology (Beijing)
Co., Ltd. (優酷網絡技術(北京)有限公司), the subsidiary of Alibaba Group Holding Limited, a company listed on the Stock
Exchange (stock code: 09988.HK) and the Nasdaq (stock ticker: BABA).


The above various managerial and technical roles which Mr. Cai has assumed in such major international internet
companies provide him the skills, experience and expertise in the files of big data, algorithms, internet technologies,
and project development. These are transferable and necessary to him discharging the roles as our chief technology
officer and chief operating officer which, among others, require him to have acquired deep insights and necessary
technological know-hows in the DTx industry that heavily involves the above-mentioned technologies as well.


Mr. Cai obtained a bachelor’s degree in Beijing Jiaotong University (北京交通大學) in China in July 2006 and also a
master’s degree in Beijing Jiaotong University in June 2008.


Mr. Wang Junjie (王俊傑), aged 38, was appointed as our financial director in September 2021. Mr. Wang is responsible
for overseeing the financial affairs of the Group.


Mr. Wang has over 10 years of experience in finance and investment. He served as an auditor and senior auditor from
October 2009 to May 2012 and an audit manager, from February 2014 to February 2017 in Beijing branch of Deloitte
Touche Tohmatsu. From November 2012 to February 2014, he served as an investment manager in Beijing Xingliancheng
Investment Management Co. Ltd. (北京星聯程投資管理有限公司). Mr. Wang also served as the financial director in
Beijing YingYan Network Technology Co. Ltd. (北京盈衍網絡科技有限公司), from March 2017 to August 2018. From
November 2019 to March 2020, Mr. Wang served as the head of internal audit in China Submarine Co., Ltd. (中潛股
份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 300526.SZ) previously and delisted in July
2023. He also served as the financial director in Beijing Jing Shi Hongru Education Technology Co., Ltd. (北京京師鴻儒
教育科技有限公司), from May 2020 to August 2021.


Mr. Wang obtained a bachelor’s degree in management from Peking University (北京大學) in China, in July 2009. He
is also a member of non-practicing certified public accountants in China (中國非執業註冊會計師).
54   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT
     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR
                  DISCUSSION AND
                          MANAGEMENT
                                 ANALYSIS



     Mr. Lai Zhiyuan (賴知遠), aged 41, was appointed as our vice president of market and operation in October 2021.
     He is responsible for management of sales and customer service, and daily operation.


     Mr. Lai served as the general manager of business affairs department in Beijing Chunyu Tianxia Software Co., Ltd. (北
     京春雨天下軟件有限公司), from February 2014 to June 2017. He also served as senior vice president in Dingdang Fast
     Medicine Technology Group Co., Ltd. (叮噹快藥科技集團有限公司), from May 2017 to May 2018. From June 2018
     to June 2019, he served as general manager of health management center in Ransheng Health Industry Investment
     Co. Ltd. (冉盛健康產業投資有限公司). Mr. Lai also served as the joint founder and general manager in Jiangsu Xijie
     Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (江蘇稀捷生物科技有限公司), from August 2019 to September 2021.


     Mr. Lai obtained a bachelor’s degree in acupuncture in Chinese medicine from Fujian College of Traditional Chinese
     Medicine (福建中醫學院) (currently known as Fujian University of Traditional Chinese Medicine (福建中醫藥大學)) in
     China, in July 2007.


     JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
     Mr. Wang Junjie (王俊傑) was appointed as a joint company secretary of our Company on July 30, 2023. For details
     of his biography, see subsection headed “Senior Management” above.


     Ms. Sham Ying Man (岑影文) was appointed as a joint company secretary of our Company on July 30, 2023. Ms.
     Sham is a manager of Company Secretarial Services of Tricor Services Limited, a member of Vistra Group and a global
     professional services provider specializing in integrated business, corporate and investor services. She has over 25 years
     of experience in the corporate secretarial field.


     Ms. Sham obtained a bachelor’s degree of business administration from Lingnan College (now known as Lingnan
     University). She is a Chartered Secretary, a Chartered Governance Professional and an associate of both The Hong
     Kong Chartered Governance Institute and The Chartered Governance Institute in the United Kingdom, respectively.


     CHANGES TO DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION
     Save as disclosed in this annual report, since the Listing Date up to the Latest Practicable Date, there has been no change
     to the information of the Directors which is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   55




                       MANAGEMENT
                            CORPORATE
                                  DISCUSSION
                                       GOVERNANCE
                                             AND ANALYSIS
                                                  REPORT



The Board is pleased to report to the Shareholders on the corporate governance of the Company for the year ended
December 31, 2024.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CULTURE AND VALUE
The Company is committed to ensuring that its affairs are conducted in accordance with high ethical standards. This
reflects its belief that, in the achievement of its long-term objectives, it is imperative to act with probity, transparency
and accountability. By so acting, the Company believes that Shareholder wealth will be maximised in the long term
and that its employees, those with whom it does business and the communities in which it operates will all benefit.


Corporate governance is the process by which the Board instructs management of the Group to conduct its affairs with
a view to ensuring that its objectives are met. The Board is committed to maintaining and developing robust corporate
governance practices that are intended to ensure:


–      satisfactory and sustainable returns to Shareholders;


–      that the interests of those who deal with the Company are safeguarded;


–      that overall business risk is understood and managed appropriately;


–      the delivery of high-quality products and services to the satisfaction of customers; and


–      that high standards of ethics are maintained.


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
The Board is committed to achieving high corporate governance standards.

The Board believes that high corporate governance standards are essential in providing a framework for the Company
to safeguard the interests of Shareholders, enhance corporate value, formulate its business strategies and policies, and
enhance its transparency and accountability.


The Company has adopted the principles and code provisions in Part 2 of the CG Code as the basis of the Company’s
corporate governance practices.


As the Company’s Shares had not been listed on the Stock Exchange as of December 31, 2024, the CG Code was not
applicable to the Company during the Reporting Period. The Board is of the view that the Company has complied with
all applicable code provisions as set out in Part 2 of the CG Code throughout the period from the Listing Date and up
to the date of this report.
56   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                 DISCUSSION AND
                           REPORT
                                ANALYSIS



     MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
     The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers as set out in
     Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules (the “Model Code”) as its own code of conduct regarding the transactions of
     securities of the Company by the Directors and the relevant employees who would likely possess inside information
     of the Company.


     As the Company’s Shares had not been listed on the Stock Exchange as of December 31, 2024, the Model Code was not
     applicable to the Company during the Reporting Period. However, specific enquiry has been made of all the Directors
     and all of them have confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code throughout the period from the Listing
     Date and up to the date of this report.


     BOARD OF DIRECTORS
     The Company is headed by an effective Board which assumes responsibility for its leadership and control and be
     collectively responsible for promoting the Company’s success by directing and supervising the Company’s affairs.
     Directors take decisions objectively in the best interests of the Company.


     The Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the
     Company’s business and regularly reviews the contribution required from a Director to perform his/her responsibilities
     to the Company and whether the Director is spending sufficient time performing them that are commensurate with
     their role and the Board responsibilities. The Board includes a balanced composition of executive Directors and non-
     executive Directors (including independent non-executive Directors) so that there is a strong independent element on
     the Board, which can effectively exercise independent judgement.


     The Directors have agreed to disclose to the Company in a timely manner for any changes of the number and nature
     of offices held in public companies or organizations and other significant commitments, as well as the identity of such
     public companies or organizations and an indication of the time involved, as required by the code provision under the
     CG Code.


     Board Composition
     The Board currently comprises the following Directors:


     Executive Directors
     Mr. Tan Zheng (Chairman of the Board and chief strategy officer)
     Dr. Wang Xiaoyi (CEO and chief research officer)


     Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Li Sirui
     Ms. Li Mingqiu
     Mr. Deng Feng


     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Mr. Lam Yiu Por
     Dr. Duan Tao
     Mr. Li Yuezhong
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   57




                       MANAGEMENT
                            CORPORATE
                                  DISCUSSION
                                       GOVERNANCE
                                             AND ANALYSIS
                                                  REPORT



Each of the Directors has confirmed he or she obtained the legal advice referred to in Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules as
regards the requirements under the Listing Rules that are applicable to him or her as a director of a listed issuer and the
possible consequences of making a false declaration or giving false information to the Stock Exchange on July 30, 2023,
and they have confirmed they understood his or her obligations as a director of a listed issuer under the Listing Rules.


The biographical information of the Directors is set out in the section headed “Biographies of Directors and Senior
Management” of this Annual Report. The relationships between the Directors are disclosed in the respective Director’s
biography under the section “Biographies of Directors and Senior Management” of this Annual Report. Save as disclosed
above, there is no relationships (including financial, business, family or other material/relevant relationship(s)) between
the Board members.


Board Meetings and Directors’ Attendance Records
Regular Board meetings should be held at least four times a year involving active participation, either in person or
through electronic means of communication, of a majority of Directors.


The agenda and accompanying Board papers are dispatched at least three days before the intended Board meetings
or Board committee meetings to ensure that the Directors have sufficient time to review the papers and be adequately
prepared for the meetings. When Directors or committee members are unable to attend a meeting, they will be advised
of the matters to be discussed and given an opportunity to make their views known to the Chairman prior to the
meeting.


Minutes of Board meetings and Board committee meetings are maintained by our company secretary and are open
for inspection at any reasonable time on reasonable notice by all Directors. Minutes of the Board meetings and Board
committee meetings are recorded in sufficient detail on the matters considered by the Board and the Board committees
and the decisions reached, including any concerns raised by the Directors or dissenting views expressed. Draft and
final versions of these meeting minutes have been and will be sent to all Directors for their comments and records
respectively, within a reasonable time after the Board meeting is held.


As the Shares were listed on the Stock Exchange on January 8, 2025, the attendance record of the Directors at Board
meetings and general meetings will be disclosed in accordance with the Listing Rules in subsequent annual reports of
our Company.


Responsibilities, Accountabilities and Contributions of the Board and Management
The Board should assume responsibility for leadership and control of the Company; and is collectively responsible for
directing and supervising the Company’s affairs.


The Board directly, and indirectly through its committees, leads and provides direction to management by laying down
strategies and overseeing their implementation, monitors the Group’s operational and financial performance, approves
and monitors all notifiable and connected transactions of the Group in accordance with the Listing Rules, and ensures
that sound internal control and risk management systems are in place.
58   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                 DISCUSSION AND
                           REPORT
                                ANALYSIS



     All Directors, including non-executive Director and independent non-executive Directors, have brought a wide spectrum
     of valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for its efficient and effective functioning.
     The independent non-executive Directors are responsible for ensuring a high standard of regulatory reporting of the
     Company and providing a balance in the Board for bringing effective independent judgment on corporate actions and
     operations.


     All Directors have full and timely access to all the information of the Company and may, upon request, seek independent
     professional advice in appropriate circumstances, at the Company’s expenses for discharging their duties to the
     Company.


     The Directors shall disclose to the Company details of other offices held by them.


     The Board reserves for its decision all major matters relating to policy matters, strategies and budgets, internal control
     and risk management, material transactions (in particular those that may involve conflict of interests), financial
     information, appointment of directors and other significant operational matters of the Company. Responsibilities
     relating to implementing decisions of the Board, directing and coordinating the daily operation and management of
     the Company are delegated to the management.


     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer
     The positions of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer are held by Mr. Tan Zheng and Dr. Wang Xiaoyi respectively. The
     Chairman provides leadership and is responsible for the effective functioning and leadership of the Board. The Chief
     Executive Officer focuses on the Company’s business development and daily management and operations generally.


     Independent Non-executive Directors
     From the Listing Date to the date of this report, the Board has met the requirements of the Listing Rules relating to
     the appointment of at least three independent non-executive Directors representing one-third of the Board with one
     of whom possessing appropriate professional qualifications or accounting or related financial management expertise.


     The Company has received written annual confirmation from each of the independent non-executive Directors in respect
     of his/her independence in accordance with the independence guidelines set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules. The
     Company is of the view that all independent non-executive Directors are independent.


     Board Independence Evaluation
     The shares of the Company were listed on the Stock Exchange on January 8, 2025. The Company would establish a
     Board Independence Evaluation Mechanism which sets out the processes and procedures to ensure a strong independent
     element on the Board, which allows the Board effectively exercises independent judgment to better safeguard
     Shareholders’ interests.


     Appointment and Re-election of Directors
     All Directors are appointed for an initial term of three years from the Listing Date, subject to renewal after the expiry
     of the then current term.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   59




                       MANAGEMENT
                            CORPORATE
                                  DISCUSSION
                                       GOVERNANCE
                                             AND ANALYSIS
                                                  REPORT



All the Directors are subject to retirement by rotation and re-election at the annual general meetings. Under the Articles
of Association, at each annual general meeting, one-third of the Directors for the time being, or, if their number is
not three of a multiple of three, the number nearest to but not less than one-third shall retire from office by rotation
provided that every Director shall be subject to retirement at an annual general meeting by rotation at least once every
three years. The Company’s Articles of Association also provides that all Directors appointed to fill a casual vacancy
or as an addition Director shall hold office only until the first annual general meeting after appointment. The retiring
Directors shall be eligible for re-election.


The procedures and process of appointment, re-election and removal of Directors are set out in the Articles of
Association. The Nomination Committee is responsible for reviewing the Board’s composition, and for making
recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession planning for Directors.


Continuous Professional Development of Directors
Directors shall keep abreast of regulatory developments and changes in order to effectively perform their responsibilities
and to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant. The Company has updated all Directors
on any material changes in the Listing Rules and corporate governance practices from time to time.


Every newly appointed Director will receive formal, comprehensive and tailored induction on the first occasion of his/her
appointment to ensure appropriate understanding of the business and operations of the Company and full awareness
of Director’s responsibilities and obligations under the Listing Rules and relevant statutory requirements. Such induction
shall be supplemented by visits to the Company’s key plant sites and meetings with senior management of the Company.


Directors should participate in appropriate continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge
and skills. Internally-facilitated briefings for Directors would be arranged and reading material on relevant topics would
be provided to Directors where appropriate. All Directors are encouraged to attend relevant training courses at the
Company’s expenses.


During the Reporting Period and prior to the Listing, all Directors have participated in continuous professional
development by attending training course or external seminars to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills in
relation to their contribution to the Board.

BOARD COMMITTEES
The Board has established three committees, namely, the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination
Committee for overseeing particular aspects of the Company’s affairs. All Board committees of the Company are
established with specific written terms of reference which deal clearly with their authority and duties. The terms of
reference of the Audit Committee, Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee are posted on the websites
of the Company and the Stock Exchange and are available to Shareholders upon request.
60   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                 DISCUSSION AND
                           REPORT
                                ANALYSIS



     Audit Committee
     We have established an audit committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.21 of the Listing
     Rules and the CG Code set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules.


     The Audit Committee consists of three members, namely Mr. Lam Yiu Por, Dr. Duan Tao and Mr. Li Yuezhong. Mr.
     Lam Yiu Por is the chairperson of the Audit Committee who has appropriate related financial management expertise
     as required under Rules 3.10(2) and 3.21 of the Listing Rules.


     The terms of reference of the Audit Committee are of no less exacting terms than those set out in the CG Code. The
     main duties of the Audit Committee are to assist the Board in reviewing the Company’s financial information and
     reporting process, risk management and internal control systems, effectiveness of the internal audit function, scope of
     audit and appointment of external auditors, and arrangements to enable employees of the Company to raise concerns
     about possible improprieties in financial reporting, internal control or other matters of the Company.


     As our Company’s shares were listed on the Stock Exchange on January 8, 2025, no meetings of the Audit Committee
     were held during the Reporting Period.


     Remuneration Committee
     We have established a remuneration committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.25 of the
     Listing Rules and the CG Code set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules.


     The Remuneration Committee consists of three members, namely Mr. Lam Yiu Por, Dr. Duan Tao and Mr. Li Yuezhong.
     Mr. Li Yuezhong is the chairperson of the Remuneration Committee.


     The terms of reference of the Remuneration Committee are of no less exacting terms than those set out in the CG
     Code. The primary functions of the Remuneration Committee include making recommendations to the Board on the
     remuneration packages of individual executive and non-executive Directors and senior management, the remuneration
     policy and structure for all Directors and senior management; and establishing transparent procedures for developing
     such remuneration policy and structure to ensure that no Director or any of his/her associates will participate in deciding
     his/her own remuneration as well as reviewing and/or approving matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17
     of the Listing Rules.


     As our Company’s shares were listed on the Stock Exchange on January 8, 2025, no meetings of the Remuneration
     Committee were held during the Reporting Period.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   61




                       MANAGEMENT
                            CORPORATE
                                  DISCUSSION
                                       GOVERNANCE
                                             AND ANALYSIS
                                                  REPORT



Pursuant to code provision in Part 2 of the CG Code, details of the remuneration of the senior management (including
two executive Directors), whose biographical details are included in section headed “Biographies of Directors and Senior
Management” of this Annual Report by bands for the Reporting Period is set out below:


                                                                                                          Number of
Remuneration level (RMB)                                                                                  employees


500,001 to 1,000,000                                                                                                  3
1,000,001 to 1,500,000                                                                                                2

The Company’s remuneration policy is to ensure that the remuneration offered to employees, including Directors
and senior management, is based on skill, knowledge, responsibilities and involvement in the Company’s affairs. The
remuneration packages of Directors are also determined with reference to the relevant Director’s experience and
qualifications, level of responsibility, performance and the time devoted to our business, and the prevailing market
conditions.


Nomination Committee
We have established a nomination committee with written terms of reference in compliance with Rule 3.27A of the
Listing Rules and the CG Code set out in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules.


The Nomination Committee consists of three members, namely Mr. Tan Zheng, Dr. Duan Tao and Mr. Li Yuezhong.
Mr. Tan Zheng is the chairperson of the Nomination Committee.


The terms of reference of the Nomination Committee are of no less exacting terms than those set out in the CG Code.


The principal duties of the Nomination Committee include reviewing the Board composition, developing and formulating
relevant procedures for the nomination and appointment of Directors, making recommendations to the Board on the
appointment and succession planning of Directors, reviewing the Board Diversity Policy and assessing the independence
of Independent Non-executive Directors.


In assessing the Board composition, the Nomination Committee would take into account various aspects as well as
factors concerning Board diversity as set out in the Company’s Board Diversity Policy. The Nomination Committee would
discuss and agree on measurable objectives for achieving diversity on the Board, where necessary, and recommend
them to the Board for adoption.


In identifying and selecting suitable candidates for directorships, the Nomination Committee would consider the
candidate’s relevant criteria as set out in the Director Nomination Policy that are necessary to complement the corporate
strategy and achieve Board diversity, where appropriate, before making recommendation to the Board.


As our Company’s shares were listed on the Stock Exchange on January 8, 2025, no meetings of the Nomination
Committee were held during the Reporting Period.
62   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                 DISCUSSION AND
                           REPORT
                                ANALYSIS



     Board Diversity Policy
     The Company has adopted a Board Diversity Policy which sets out the approach to achieve and maintain diversity of
     the Board in order to enhance the effectiveness of the Board. The Company recognizes and embraces the benefits
     of having a diverse Board and sees increasing diversity at the Board level as an essential element in maintaining the
     Company’s competitive advantage.


     Pursuant to the Board Diversity Policy, the Nomination Committee reviews regularly the structure, size and composition
     of the Board and where appropriate, make recommendations on changes to the Board to complement the Company’s
     corporate strategy and to ensure that the Board maintains a balanced diverse profile. In relation to reviewing and
     assessing the Board composition, the Nomination Committee is committed to diversity at all levels and will consider
     a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background, professional
     qualifications, skills, knowledge and regional and industry experience.


     The Company recognize the particular importance of gender diversity. The Board currently comprises nine Directors,
     including two female Directors. The Company have taken and will continue to take steps to promote and enhance gender
     diversity at all levels of the Company, including but without limitation at the Board and senior management levels. The
     Board Diversity Policy provides that the Board shall take opportunities when selecting and making recommendations on
     suitable candidates for the Board appointments with the aim to maintain the proportion of female members after Listing.
     The Company will also ensure that there is gender diversity when recruiting staff at mid to senior level, as well as engage
     more resources in training more female staff with the aim of providing a pipeline of female senior management and
     potential successors to our Board going forward. It is the Company’s objective to maintain an appropriate balance of
     gender diversity with reference to the stakeholders’ expectation and international and local recommended best practices.


     The Company aims to maintain an appropriate balance of diversity perspectives that are relevant to the Company’s
     business growth and is also committed to ensuring that recruitment and selection practices at all levels (from the Board
     downwards) are appropriately structured so that a diverse range of candidates are considered.


     The Nomination Committee and the Board considered that the current composition of Board is sufficiently diverse and
     the Board has not set any measurable objectives.


     The Nomination Committee will review the Board Diversity Policy, as appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   63




                       MANAGEMENT
                            CORPORATE
                                  DISCUSSION
                                       GOVERNANCE
                                             AND ANALYSIS
                                                  REPORT



Gender Diversity
The Company values gender diversity across all levels of the Group. The following table sets out the gender ratio in the
workforce of the Group, including the Board and senior management as at the date of this report:


                                                                                         Female                 Male


Board                                                                                   12.50%               87.50%
Senior Management (as listed in the “Directors and Senior
  Management” section)                                                                       0%                 100%
Other employees                                                                             51%                  49%
Overall workforce                                                                           52%                  48%


The Board considers that the above current gender diversity is satisfactory.


Director Nomination Policy
The Board has adopted a Director Nomination Policy which sets out selection criteria and nomination process and the
Board succession planning considerations in relation to nomination and appointment of Directors of the Company
and aims to ensure that the Board has a balance of skills, experience and diversity of perspectives appropriate to the
Company and the continuity of the Board and appropriate leadership at Board level.


The nomination process set out in the Director Nomination Policy is as follows:


Appointment of New Director
(i)  The Nomination Committee and/or the Board may select candidates for directorship from various channels,
     including but not limited to internal promotion, re-designation, referral by other member of the management
     and external recruitment agents.


(ii)    The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should, upon receipt of the proposal on appointment of new
        Director and the biographical information (or relevant details) of the candidate, evaluate such candidate based
        on the criteria as set out above to determine whether such candidate is qualified for directorship.


(iii)   If the process yields one or more desirable candidates, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should rank
        them by order of preference based on the needs of the Company and reference check of each candidate (where
        applicable).


(iv)    The Nomination Committee should then recommend to the Board to appoint the appropriate candidate for
        directorship, as applicable.


(v)     For any person that is nominated by a Shareholder for election as a Director at the general meeting of the
        Company, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should evaluate such candidate based on the criteria as
        set out above to determine whether such candidate is qualified for directorship.


Where appropriate, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should make recommendation to Shareholders in
respect of the proposed election of Director at the general meeting.
64   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                 DISCUSSION AND
                           REPORT
                                ANALYSIS



     Re-election of Director at General Meeting
     (i)   The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should review the overall contribution and service to the Company
           of the retiring Director and the level of participation and performance on the Board.


     (ii)    The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should also review and determine whether the retiring Director
             continues to meet the criteria as set out above.


     (iii)   The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should then make recommendation to Shareholders in respect of
             the proposed re-election of Director at the general meeting.


     Where the Board proposes a resolution to elect or re-elect a candidate as Director at the general meeting, the relevant
     information of the candidate will be disclosed in the circular to Shareholders and/or explanatory statement accompanying
     the notice of the relevant general meeting in accordance with the Listing Rules and/or applicable laws and regulations.


     The Director Nomination Policy sets out the criteria for assessing the suitability and the potential contribution to the
     Board of a proposed candidate, including but not limited to the following:


     •       Character and integrity;


     •       Qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience that are relevant to the
             Company’s business and corporate strategy;


     •       Diversity in all aspects, including but not limited to gender, age (18 years or above), cultural and educational
             background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service;


     •       Requirements of Independent Non-executive Directors on the Board and independence of the proposed
             Independent Non-executive Directors in accordance with the Listing Rules; and


     •       Commitment in respect of available time and relevant interest to discharge duties as a member of the Board
             and/or Board committee(s) of the Company


     Throughout the period from the Listing Date to the date of this report, there was no change in the composition of
     the Board.


     The Nomination Committee will review the Director Nomination Policy, as appropriate, to ensure its effectiveness.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   65




                       MANAGEMENT
                            CORPORATE
                                  DISCUSSION
                                       GOVERNANCE
                                             AND ANALYSIS
                                                  REPORT



Corporate Governance Functions
The Board is responsible for performing the functions set out in the code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code.


The Board had reviewed the Company’s corporate governance policies and practices, training and continuous
professional development of Directors and senior management, the Company’s policies and practices on compliance
with legal and regulatory requirements, the compliance of the Model Code, and the Company’s compliance with the
CG Code and disclosure in this Corporate Governance Report.


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS
The Board acknowledges its responsibility for the risk management and internal control systems and reviewing their
effectiveness. Such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business
objectives, and can only provide reasonable but not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.


The Board has the overall responsibility for evaluating and determining the nature and extent of the risks it is willing
to take in achieving the Group’s strategic objectives, and establishing and maintaining appropriate and effective risk
management and internal control systems.


The Audit Committee assists the Board in leading the management and overseeing the design, implementation and
monitoring of the risk management and internal control systems.


The Company have devoted to establishing and maintaining risk management and internal control systems consisting
of policies and procedures that the Company consider to be appropriate for the Company’s business operations, and
the Company is dedicated to continuously improving these systems. The Company have adopted and implemented
comprehensive risk management policies in various aspects of our business operations as set out below.


Risk Management
We recognize that risk management is critical to the success of our business operation. Key operational risks faced
by us include changes in general market conditions and the regulatory environment of the Chinese and global DTx
markets, our ability to develop, manufacture and commercialize our products, and our ability to compete with other
DTx products. See “Risk Factors” for a discussion of various risks and uncertainties we face. We also face various market
risks. In particular, we are exposed to credit, liquidity and currency risks that arise in the normal course of our business.
See Note 32 to the consolidated financial statements for details regarding these risks. We have adopted a series of
risk management policies which set out a risk management framework to identify, assess, evaluate and monitor key
risks associated with our strategic objectives on an ongoing basis. The following key principles outline our approach
to risk management:


•      The relevant departments in our Company, including but not limited to the finance department and the human
       resources department, are responsible for implementing our risk management policy and carrying out our day-
       to-day risk management practice. Each department is responsible for identifying and evaluating risks associated
       with its working scope. In order to standardize risk management across our Group and set a common level of
       transparency and risk management performance, the relevant departments will (i) identify the source of the
       risks and potential impact, (ii) monitor the development of such risks, and (iii) prepare risk management reports
       periodically for our management’s review.
66   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                 DISCUSSION AND
                           REPORT
                                ANALYSIS



     •       Our internal control department will coordinate, oversee and manage the overall risks associated with our business
             operations and quality control mainly including (i) reviewing our corporate risk in light of our corporate risk
             tolerance, (ii) maintaining a key risk list and leading corresponding risk management activities, and (iii) organizing
             revision and update of the key risk list.


     •       Our management and internal control department will be responsible for carrying out the risk prevention and
             management activities with relevant department, internal audit department and security department will conduct
             irregular reviews.


     •       Our management will be responsible for (i) reviewing the risk management information collected by our internal
             control department every six months, (ii) reviewing annual risk management report of our Company, and (iii)
             overseeing internal control department and conducting annual risk evaluations.


     Internal Control
     Our Board of Directors is responsible for establishing and ensuring effective internal controls to safeguard our
     Shareholder’s investment at all times. Our internal control policies set out a framework to identify, assess, evaluate
     and monitor key risks associated with our strategic objectives on an ongoing basis. Below is a summary of the internal
     control policies, measures and procedures we have implemented or plan to implement:


     •       We have adopted various measures and procedures regarding each aspect of our business operation, such as
             related party transaction, risk management, protection of intellectual property, environmental protection and
             occupational health and safety. For more information, see “－Intellectual Property” and “－Environmental,
             Workplace Safety and Social Responsibility Matters.” We plan to provide periodic training about these measures
             and procedures to our employees as part of our employee training program. Our internal audit department
             conducts audit field work to monitor the implementation of our internal control policies, reports the weakness
             identified to our management and audit committee and follows up on the rectification actions.


     •       Our Directors (who are responsible for monitoring the corporate governance of our Group) with help from our
             legal advisers, will also periodically review our compliance status with all relevant laws and regulations after the
             Listing.


     •       We have established an audit committee which (i) makes recommendations to our Directors on the appointment
             and removal of external auditors, and (ii) reviews the financial statements and renders advice in respect of
             financial reporting as well as oversees internal control procedures of our Group.


     •       We have engaged SPDB International Capital Limited as our compliance adviser to provide advice to our Directors
             and management team until the end of the first fiscal year after the Listing regarding matters relating to the
             Listing Rules. Our compliance adviser is expected to ensure our use of funding complies with the section headed
             “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” in this Prospectus after the Listing, as well as to provide support and advice
             regarding requirements of relevant regulatory authorities in a timely fashion.


     •       We plan to engage a PRC law firm to advise us on and keep us abreast with PRC laws and regulations after the
             Listing. We will continue to arrange various trainings to be provided by external legal advisers from time to time
             when necessary and/or any appropriate accredited institution to update our Directors, senior management, and
             relevant employees on the latest PRC laws and regulations.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   67




                       MANAGEMENT
                            CORPORATE
                                  DISCUSSION
                                       GOVERNANCE
                                             AND ANALYSIS
                                                  REPORT



•      We plan to seek advice from law firms in the United States, the European Union and other jurisdictions where we
       currently operate or may operate in the future to keep us abreast of applicable local laws and regulations after
       the Listing. We will continue to arrange various trainings to be provided by external legal advisors from time to
       time when necessary and/or any appropriate accredited institution to update our Directors, senior management,
       and relevant employees on the latest laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which we currently operate or
       may operate in the future.


•      We maintain strict confidentiality and privacy policies regarding the collection, analysis, storage and transmission
       of the data of our subjects and clinical trial results. Our project manager and data manager prepare and
       review study protocols to ensure compliance with GCP requirements, including confidentiality and privacy
       requirements. We will monitor project progress continuously against the guidelines of ICH GCP and China GCP
       and make corrections as needed. Our IT team are responsible for, from technical perspective, ensuring the usage,
       maintenance and protection of preclinical and clinical data to comply with our internal policies and applicable
       laws and regulations.


The Company has in place the Whistle Blowing Policy of the Company that serves the purpose of establishing
whistleblowing procedures for employees and other relevant external parties of our Group, in order to report and
escalate any suspicious misconducts.


The Company has also in place the Anti-Corruption Policy to promote an ethical culture within our Group and have
zero-tolerance for bribery and any kind of corrupt activities. In accordance with the policy, we protect all whistleblowers
from any kind of retaliation. All the information provided by the whistleblowers will be strictly confidential.


DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN RESPECT OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the financial statements with the support of the accounting
and finance team.


The Directors have prepared the financial statements in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board. Appropriate accounting policies have also been used and applied
consistently except the adoption of revised standards, amendments to standards and interpretation.


The Directors are not aware of any material uncertainties relating to events or conditions that may cast significant doubt
upon the Company’s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements of the Company are prepared
on a going concern basis, the Directors are of the view that they give a true and fair view of the financial position,
performance and cash flow of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2024, and the disclosure of other financial
information and report therein complies with relevant legal requirements.
68   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                 DISCUSSION AND
                           REPORT
                                ANALYSIS



     The statement of the external auditors of the Company about their reporting responsibilities on the financial statements
     is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 75 to 76 of this annual report.


     AUDITORS’ REMUNERATION
     An analysis of the remuneration paid/payable to the external auditors of the Company in respect of audit services and
     non-audit services for the year ended December 31, 2024 is set out below:


     Service Category                                                                                 Fees Paid/Payable
                                                                                                               RMB’000


     Audit Service                                                                                                   1,800
     Non-audit Service                                                                                                  74


     TOTAL                                                                                                           1,874


     JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
     Mr. Wang Junjie and Ms. Sham Ying Man are the joint company secretaries of the Company.


     Ms. Sham Ying Man is a manager of Corporate Services of Tricor Services Limited, a member of Vistra Group and a
     global professional services provider specializing in integrated Business, Corporate and Investor Services. The primary
     contact person at the Company is Mr. Wang Junjie, joint company secretary of the Company.


     The Company was not listed on the Stock Exchange for the year ended December 31, 2024. The joint company
     secretaries of the Company will receive no less than 15 hours of relevant professional training annually pursuant to
     the requirements of Rule 3.29 of the Listing Rules.


     All Directors may have access to the advice and services of the joint company secretaries on corporate governance and
     routine Board matters.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   69




                       MANAGEMENT
                            CORPORATE
                                  DISCUSSION
                                       GOVERNANCE
                                             AND ANALYSIS
                                                  REPORT



SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Convening an Extraordinary General Meeting
Pursuant to the Article 64 of the Articles of Association, the Board may, whenever it thinks fit, convene an extraordinary
general meeting. Extraordinary general meetings shall also be convened on the requisition of one or more Shareholders
holding, at the date of deposit of the requisition, not less than one tenth of the voting rights, on a one vote per Share
basis in the share capital of the Company. Such requisition shall be made in writing to the Board or the Secretary for
the purpose of requiring an extraordinary general meeting to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business
specified in such requisition. Such meeting shall be held within two months after the deposit of such requisition. If
within 21 days of such deposit, the Board fails to proceed to convene such meeting, the requisitionist(s) themself
(themselves) may convene a physical meeting at only one location which will be the principal meeting place, and
all reasonable expenses incurred by the requisitionist(s) as a result of the failure of the Board shall be reimbursed to
the requisitionist(s) by the Company. The requisitionist(s) may add resolutions to the agenda of a general meeting
requisitioned under this article.


Putting Forward Proposals at General Meetings
There are no provisions in the Company’s Articles of Association or the Cayman Islands Companies Law for Shareholders
to move new resolutions at general meetings. Shareholders who wish to move a resolution may request the Company
to convene a general meeting in accordance with the procedures set out in the preceding paragraph.


Putting Forward Enquiries to the Board
For putting forward any enquiries to the Board of the Company, Shareholders may send written enquiries to the
Company. The Company will not normally deal with verbal or anonymous enquiries.


Contact Details
Shareholders may send their enquiries or requests as mentioned above to the following:


Address:              No. 2 Pingjiang Road, Yuecheng District, Shaoxing City, Zhejiang Province, PRC
Telephone Number:     010-62965575
Email:                ir@66nao.com


For the avoidance of doubt, Shareholder(s) must deposit and send the original duly signed written requisition, notice
or statement, or enquiry (as the case may be) to the above address and provide their full name, contact details and
identification in order to give effect thereto. Shareholders’ information may be disclosed as required by law.
70   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE
                 DISCUSSION AND
                           REPORT
                                ANALYSIS



     COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS AND INVESTORS
     The Company considers that effective communication with Shareholders is essential for enhancing investor relations and
     investor understanding of the Group’s business performance and strategies. The Company is endeavours to maintain an
     on-going dialogue with Shareholders and in particular, through annual general meetings and other general meetings.
     At the annual general meeting, Directors (or their delegates as appropriate) are available to meet Shareholders and
     answer their enquiries


     To safeguard Shareholder interests and rights, separate resolution should be proposed for each substantially separate
     issue at general meetings, including the election of individual Director. All resolutions put forward at general meetings
     will be voted on by poll pursuant to the Listing Rules and poll results will be posted on the websites of the Company
     and of the Stock Exchange after each general meeting.


     Shareholders’ Communication Policy
     The Company has in place a policy on shareholders’ communication. The policy aims at promoting effective
     communication with Shareholders and other stakeholders, encouraging Shareholders to engage actively with the
     Company and enabling Shareholders to exercise their rights as Shareholders effectively. The Board reviewed the
     implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders’ Communication Policy and the results were satisfactory.


     The Company has established a number of channels for maintaining an on-going dialogue with its Shareholders as
     follows:


     (a)     Corporate Communication
             “Corporate Communication” as defined under the Listing Rules refers to any document issued or to be issued
             by the Company for the information or action of holders of any of its securities, including but not limited to
             the following documents of the Company: (a) the Directors’ report, annual accounts together with a copy of
             the auditor’s report and, where applicable, its summary financial report; (b) the interim report and, where
             applicable, its summary interim report; (c) a notice of meeting; (d) a listing document; (e) a circular; and (f) a
             proxy form. The Corporate Communication of the Company will be published on the Stock Exchange’s website
             (www.hkex.com.hk) in a timely manner as required by the Listing Rules. Corporate Communication will be
             provided to Shareholders and non-registered holders of the Company’s securities in both English and Chinese
             versions or where permitted, in a single language, in a timely manner as required by the Listing Rules.


     (b)     Announcements and Other Documents pursuant to the Listing Rules
             The Company shall publish announcements (on inside information, corporate actions and transactions etc.) and
             other documents (e.g. Memorandum and Articles of Association) on the Stock Exchange’s website in a timely
             manner in accordance with the Listing Rules.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   71




                      MANAGEMENT
                           CORPORATE
                                 DISCUSSION
                                      GOVERNANCE
                                            AND ANALYSIS
                                                 REPORT



(c)   Corporate Website
      Any information or documents of the Company posted on the Stock Exchange’s website will also be published
      on the Company’s website (66nao.cn).


(d)   Shareholders’ Meetings
      The annual general meeting and other general meetings of the Company are primary forum for communication
      between the Company and its Shareholders. The Company shall provide Shareholders with relevant information
      on the resolutions(s) proposed at a general meeting in a timely manner in accordance with the Listing Rules.
      The information provided shall be reasonably necessary to enable Shareholders to make an informed decision
      on the proposed resolution(s). Shareholders are encouraged to participate in general meetings or to appoint
      proxies to attend and vote at the meetings for and on their behalf if they are unable to attend the meetings.
      Where appropriate or required, the Chairman of the Board and other Board members, the chairmen of board
      committees or their delegates, and the external auditors should attend general meetings of the Company to
      answer Shareholders’ questions (if any).


(e)   Shareholders’ Enquiries
      Enquiries about Shareholdings
      Shareholders should direct their enquiries about their shareholdings to the Company’s share registrar, Tricor
      Investor Services Limited, by email: is-enquiries@vistra.com, or call its hotline at +852 2980 1333, or go in person
      to its public counter at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong.


      Enquiries about Corporate Governance or Other Matters to be put to the Board and the Company
      The Company will not normally deal with verbal or anonymous enquiries. Shareholders may send any enquiries to
      the Company by post to Room 1301, 13/F, Building 3, Shaoxing Shuimuwan District Science Park, No. 2 Pingjiang
      Road, Yuecheng District, Shaoxing City, Zhejiang Province, PRC (For the attention of the Board).


Amendments to Constitutional Documents
The Company did not make any amendments to its Articles of Association since the Listing Date. The latest version
of the Articles of Association of our Company is also posted on the website of the Company and the website of the
Stock Exchange.


Dividend Policy
The Company has adopted a Dividend Policy on payment of dividends. The Company do not have any pre-determined
dividend payout ratio. Depending on the financial conditions of the Company and the Group and the conditions and
factors as set out in the Dividend Policy, dividends may be proposed and/or declared by the Board during a financial
year and any final dividend for a financial year will be subject to the Shareholders’ approval.
72   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




     To the Shareholders of BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited
     (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

     OPINION
     We have audited the consolidated financial statements of BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited (the “Company”) and
     its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as “the Group”) set out on pages 77 to 159, which comprise the consolidated
     statement of financial position as at December 31, 2024, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other
     comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows for the
     year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting policy information
     and other explanatory information.


     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
     the Group as at December 31, 2024, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for
     the year then ended in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards
     Board (“IASB”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
     Companies Ordinance.


     BASIS FOR OPINION
     We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the Hong Kong
     Institute of Certified Public Accountants (the “HKICPA”). Our responsibilities under those standards are further described
     in the Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Consolidated Financial Statements section of our report. We are
     independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”),
     and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence
     we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


     KEY AUDIT MATTER
     Key audit matter is the matter that, in our professional judgment, was of most significance in our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements of the current period. The matter was addressed in the context of our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate
     opinion on the matter.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   73




                                                 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



Key audit matter                                      How our audit addressed the key audit matter
Expected credit loss allowances for trade receivables


We identified expected credit loss (“ECL”) for trade           Our procedures in relation to the impairment assessment
receivables as a key audit matter due to the significance      of trade receivables included:
of trade receivables to the Group’s consolidated financial
position and the involvement of subjective judgement           •     Evaluating the design and implementation of key
and management estimation in evaluating the ECL of                   internal controls on how management estimates
the Group’s trade receivables at the end of the reporting            the loss allowance for trade receivables;
period.
                                                               •     Evaluating the independent valuer’s objectivity,
As disclosed in Note 19 to the consolidated financial                qualifications and competence;
statements, the Group’s gross carrying
amount of trade receivables amounted to approximately          •     Challenging management’s basis and judgement in
RMB105.31 million, against which an allowance of                     determining loss allowance on trade receivables as
RMB12.37 million for ECL was recorded as at December                 at December 31, 2024, including their identification
31, 2024.                                                            of credit-impaired trade receivables, the
                                                                     reasonableness of management’s grouping of the
As disclosed in Notes 5 and 32 to the consolidated                   remaining trade debtors into different categories on
financial statements, trade receivables with credit-impaired         the collective basis, and the basis of estimated loss
are assessed for ECL individually while for the remaining            rates applied in each category in the collective basis
balances, collective assessment is adopted. Management               (with reference to default rates and forward-looking
of the Group estimates the amount of lifetime ECL of                 information);
trade receivables based on collective assessment through
grouping of various debtors that have similar loss             •     Engaging our internal valuation specialists to assess
patterns, after considering aging, internal credit ratings           the rationality and appropriateness of the Group’s
of trade debtors and repayment history of respective trade           ECL model, including the valuation techniques,
receivables. Estimated loss rates are based on default rates         certain model inputs and calculation in compliance
over the expected life of the debtors and are adjusted for           with IFRS 9; and
forward-looking information.
                                                               •     Performing the retrospective analysis to update
                                                                     our risk assessment conclusion regarding
                                                                     appropriateness of the ECL policy.
74   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



     OTHER INFORMATION
     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information
     included in the annual report, but does not include the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report
     thereon.


     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any
     form of assurance conclusion thereon.


     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information
     and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated financial
     statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the
     work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required
     to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


     RESPONSIBILITIES OF DIRECTORS AND THOSE CHARGED WITH GOVERNANCE FOR THE
     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
     true and fair view in accordance with IFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the IASB and the disclosure requirements
     of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable
     the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud
     or error.


     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to
     continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going concern
     basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or have no realistic
     alternative but to do so.


     Those charged with governance are responsible for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   75




                                                 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



AUDITOR ’ S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose. We
do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report. Reasonable
assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with HKSAs will
always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are considered
material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of
users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.


As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgment and maintain professional skepticism
throughout the audit. We also:


•      Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
       fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is
       sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement
       resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional
       omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.


•      Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
       appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
       Group’s internal control.


•      Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
       related disclosures made by the directors.


•      Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
       the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
       significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty
       exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated
       financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on
       the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may
       cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.
76   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT



     •       Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
             disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events
             in a manner that achieves fair presentation.


     •       Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
             information of the entities or business units within the group as a basis for forming an opinion on the group
             financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit work performed
             for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.


     We communicate with those charged with governance regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing
     of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
     during our audit.


     We also provide those charged with governance with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
     requirements regarding independence, and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may
     reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or
     safeguards applied.


     From the matters communicated with those charged with governance, we determine those matters that were of most
     significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
     matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
     the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
     report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
     benefits of such communication.


     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in the independent auditor’s report is Mak Chi Lung.




     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
     Certified Public Accountants

     Hong Kong
     March 28, 2025
                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   77




      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS AND
                      OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                             For the year ended December 31, 2024




                                                                      For the             For the
                                                                  year ended          year ended
                                                                December 31,        December 31,
                                                                        2024                2023
                                                     NOTES          RMB’000             RMB’000


Revenue                                                6              122,311               67,200
Cost of sales                                                         (68,298)             (35,136)


Gross profit                                                           54,013              32,064
Other income                                           7                1,710               2,079
Other expenses and other gains and losses, net         8                3,326               2,318
Fair value gain (loss) of financial liabilities at
   fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)        27               30,116            (165,216)
Impairment loss under expected credit loss
   (“ECL”) model, net of reversal                                     (11,480)                (848)
Selling and distribution expenses                                     (48,017)             (38,399)
Administrative expenses                                               (59,925)             (54,398)
Research and development expenses                                    (119,424)             (90,733)
Finance costs                                          9              (22,025)             (20,216)
Listing expenses                                                      (26,852)             (25,767)


Loss before tax                                                      (198,558)           (359,116)
Income tax expense                                    10                  (52)                  –


Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year     11             (198,610)           (359,116)


Loss for the year attributable to:
Owners of the Company                                                (198,282)           (359,083)
Non-controlling interests                                                (328)                (33)


                                                                     (198,610)           (359,116)


Loss per share (RMB)                                  15
Basic                                                                    (0.22)               (0.62)


Diluted                                                                  (0.23)               (0.62)
78   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
     As at December 31, 2024




                                                                    As at            As at
                                                              December 31,    December 31,
                                                                     2024            2023
                                                      NOTES       RMB’000         RMB’000


     Non-current assets
     Property, plant and equipment                     16           23,386         23,503
     Right-of-use assets                               17           21,039         13,155
     Intangible assets                                 18            2,909          4,222
     Prepayments and other receivables                 19            4,029          2,009
     Restricted bank deposit                           20                –         49,241


                                                                    51,363         92,130


     Current assets
     Contract costs                                                    534          4,094
     Trade and other receivables and prepayments       19          134,221         76,053
     Restricted bank deposit                           20           69,495        165,000
     Bank balances and cash                            21          343,882         57,577


                                                                   548,132        302,724


     Current liabilities
     Trade and other payables                          22           56,090         43,261
     Contract liabilities                              25           10,075          3,804
     Receipts in advance from cornerstone investors    41          320,971              –
     Lease liabilities                                 24           11,823          7,927
     Bank and other borrowings                         26           21,261         22,083
     Deferred income                                                 1,696            225
     Long-term bond – due within one year              23           74,663              –
     Financial liabilities at FVTPL                    27          285,428        315,544


                                                                   782,007        392,844


     Net current liabilities                                      (233,875)        (90,120)


     Total assets less current liabilities                        (182,512)          2,010
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   79




       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                         As at December 31, 2024




                                                                                      As at                As at
                                                                                December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                       2024                2023
                                                                       NOTES        RMB’000             RMB’000


Non-current liabilities
Contract liabilities                                                     25                 –                 126
Lease liabilities                                                        24             8,918               4,627
Long-term bond                                                           23           271,617             329,438
Deferred income                                                                           977                   –


                                                                                      281,512             334,191


Net liabilities                                                                       (464,024)          (332,181)


Capital and reserves
Share capital                                                            28                  1                  1
Reserves                                                                              (463,654)          (332,139)


Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                          (463,653)          (332,138)
Non-controlling interests                                                                 (371)               (43)


Total deficits                                                                        (464,024)          (332,181)


The consolidated financial statements on pages 77 to 159 were approved and authorized for issue by the board of
directors on March 28, 2025 and are signed on its behalf by:




                    Mr. Tan Zheng                                         Dr. Wang Xiaoyi
                      DIRECTOR                                                DIRECTOR
80   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
     For the year ended December 31, 2024




                                                                                                          Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                                                             Shares held
                                                                                                             Share-based                    under Pre-IPO                                  Non-
                                                                      Paid-in capital/      Share    Capital payments               Other Share Award Accumulated                    controlling
                                                                      share capital      premium     reserve     reserve          reserve       Scheme      losses      Subtotal       interests      Total
                                                                          RMB’000        RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                                                                                 (Note iii)


     At January 1, 2023                                                      4,430              –    150,959             –        28,938           –     (1,278,560)   (1,094,233)          (10)   (1,094,243)


     Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year                           –              –           –            –             –           –      (359,083)     (359,083)           (33)    (359,116)
     Capital injection (Note i)                                                354              –      63,646            –             –           –             –        64,000              –       64,000
     Recognition of equity-settled share-based payments (Note 31)                –              –           –       44,873             –           –             –        44,873              –       44,873
     Reclassification from financial liabilities at FVTPL (Note 27)         10,107              –   1,002,197            –             –           –             –     1,012,304              –    1,012,304
     Adjustment arising from the Reorganization (Note ii)                  (14,891)             –       8,668            –             –           –             –        (6,223)             –       (6,223)
     Issue of Ordinary Shares (as defined in Note 2) (Note 28)                   1          6,223           –            –             –           –             –         6,224              –        6,224
     Issue of Awarded Shares (Note iv)                                          –*              –           –            –             –          –*             –             –              –            –


     At December 31, 2023                                                         1         6,223   1,225,470       44,873        28,938          –*     (1,637,643)    (332,138)           (43)    (332,181)
     Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year                            –             –           –            –             –           –      (198,282)     (198,282)          (328)    (198,610)
     Recognition of equity-settled share-based payments (Note 31)                 –             –           –       66,767             –           –             –        66,767              –       66,767


     At December 31, 2024                                                         1         6,223   1,225,470      111,640        28,938           –     (1,835,925)    (463,653)          (371)    (464,024)


     *            The amount represents 85,166 shares of BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited (the “Company”) with a par value of
                  USD0.0001 each, issued at an amount of USD8.5 (equivalent to RMB61) during the year ended December 31, 2023.
                                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   81




         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                              For the year ended December 31, 2024




Notes:

i.       On March 20, 2022, Zhejiang BrainAurora Medical Technology Co., Ltd.* (浙江腦動極光醫療科技有限公司)(“BrainAurora
         Zhejiang”) entered into an investment agreement (the “Series C Financing”) with two independent investors and two of
         its existing shareholders (collectively as the “Series C Investors”), pursuant to which Series C Investors shall make total
         investments of RMB138,000,000 to subscribe new paid-in capital of RMB764,000 in BrainAurora Zhejiang (representing 5.16%
         equity interests in BrainAurora Zhejiang), out of which RMB89,500,000 was settled in 2022. The remaining consideration of
         RMB48,500,000 of Series C Financing was settled in March 2023. The excess of RMB48,232,000 between the cash consideration
         of RMB48,500,000 and the new paid-in capital of RMB268,000 was recorded in capital reserve.

         Besides, on February 15, 2023, BrainAurora Zhejiang entered into an additional investment agreement with one of the Series
         C Investors, pursuant to which the investor shall make additional investments of RMB15,500,000 to subscribe new paid-in
         capital of RMB86,000 in BrainAurora Zhejiang (representing 0.58% equity interests in BrainAurora Zhejiang). The consideration
         was fully settled in March 2023. The excess of RMB15,414,000 between the cash consideration of RMB15,500,000 and the
         new paid-in capital of RMB86,000 was recorded in capital reserve.

ii.      On June 30, 2023, as part of the group reorganization as set out in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements,
         Zhejiang Zhiling Ruidong Medical Technology Co., Ltd.* (浙江智靈睿動醫療科技有限公司) (“Zhiling Ruidong”), a subsidiary
         of the Company, acquired the then shareholders’ respective equity interests in BrainAurora Zhejiang for an aggregate cash
         consideration of RMB89,119,000. Included in the total consideration of RMB89,119,000, (i) consideration of RMB74,351,000
         will be contributed to a subsidiary of Zhiling Ruidong, (ii) consideration of RMB6,223,000 will be invested to the Company’s
         Ordinary Shares (as defined in Note 2) which will be recognized as share capital and share premium and debited to capital
         reserve and (iii) consideration of RMB8,545,000 will be invested to the Company’s Series A-1 Preferred Shares (as defined in
         Note 2). The paid-in capital of BrainAurora Zhejiang of RMB14,891,000 was transferred to capital reserve upon the completion
         of the reorganization.

iii.     Other reserve represents the balance of equity-settled share-based payments transferred from share-based payments reserve
         upon vesting.

iv.      On August 2, 2023, a total of 85,166 shares (the “Awarded Shares”) of the Company had been allotted and issued to
         Wisdomspirit Holding Limited (“HoldCo”), a company wholly owned by Trident Trust Company (HK) Limited (“Trident”), to
         facilitate the administration of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme as defined in Note 31. The Award Shares will be held in the
         HoldCo for the relevant selected participants until such Awarded Shares are vested. Based on the arrangements among the
         Company and Trident, the Company is able to control Trident and its subsidiary HoldCo. Therefore, the Group (as defined
         in Note 1) accounts for Trident and HoldCo as consolidated structured entities. The ordinary shares of the Company held by
         HoldCo are accounted for as a debit to the Group’s reserve and are presented under the heading of “Shares held under Pre-
         IPO Share Award Scheme” in the consolidated statement of changes in equity.

*        English name is for identification purpose only.
82   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     For the year ended December 31, 2024




                                                                           For the          For the
                                                                       year ended       year ended
                                                                     December 31,     December 31,
                                                                             2024             2023
                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000


     OPERATING ACTIVITIES
     Loss before tax                                                     (198,558)        (359,116)
     Adjustment for:
       Fair value gains on financial assets at FVTPL                            (5)         (2,672)
       Net foreign exchange loss                                                15               –
       Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                        16,847          13,779
       Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                   8,718           6,994
       Amortization of intangible assets                                     1,580             493
       Release of deferred income                                           (1,083)              –
       Impairment loss under ECL model, net of reversal                     11,480             848
       (Gains) losses on disposal of property, plant and equipment              (2)             64
       Interest income                                                        (627)         (2,079)
       Losses on lease modifications and lease terminations                      9             223
       Finance costs                                                        22,025          20,216
       Fair value (gain) loss of financial liabilities at FVTPL            (30,116)        165,216
       Gain on re-estimated repayments of long-term bond                    (4,161)              –
       Recognition of equity-settled share-based payments                   66,767          44,873


     Operating cash flows before movements in working capital            (107,111)        (111,161)
     Decrease (increase) in contract costs                                  3,560           (3,843)
     Increase in trade and other receivables                              (64,448)         (48,010)
     Increase in trade and other payables                                  12,334           23,437
     Increase in contract liabilities                                       6,145            2,480
     Increase in deferred income                                            3,531              225


     Cash used in operations                                             (145,989)        (136,872)
     Income taxes paid                                                        (52)               –


     NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES                               (146,041)        (136,872)
                                                                                 Annual Report 2024   83




                      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                            For the year ended December 31, 2024




                                                                     For the             For the
                                                                 year ended          year ended
                                                               December 31,        December 31,
                                                                       2024                2023
                                                                   RMB’000             RMB’000


INVESTING ACTIVITIES
  Interest received                                                      264               2,918
  Purchases of property, plant and equipment                         (17,326)            (15,966)
  Payments for right-of-use assets                                      (111)               (110)
  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                 65                 248
  Payments for rental deposits                                        (1,249)             (1,474)
  Refund of rental deposit                                             1,001                   –
  Purchases of financial assets at FVTPL                              (1,000)           (559,011)
  Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at FVTPL                  1,005             790,472
  Placement of restricted bank deposit                                     –            (414,100)
  Withdrawal of restricted bank deposit                              145,000             200,100
  Placements of term deposits with original maturity
     over three months                                                       –            (20,000)
  Disposal of term deposits with original maturity
     over three months                                                      –            122,000
  Payments for intangible assets                                         (367)            (2,053)
  Loans to third parties                                               (6,900)              (500)
  Loan to a related party                                              (7,000)                 –
  Advance to related parties                                                –             (5,918)
  Repayment of loan from a related party                                7,000                 29
  Repayment of loan from third parties                                  3,000                  –
  Repayment of advance from related parties                                 –              5,918


NET CASH FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                   123,382             102,553
84   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     For the year ended December 31, 2024




                                                                            For the         For the
                                                                        year ended      year ended
                                                                      December 31,    December 31,
                                                              Notes           2024            2023
                                                                          RMB’000         RMB’000


     FINANCING ACTIVITIES
       Capital injection                                                         –          64,000
       Proceeds from bank borrowings                                        14,072          15,000
       Issue of Ordinary Shares                                                  –           6,224
       Payments to shareholders in relation
          to the group reorganization                          2                  –        (89,119)
       Receipts from shareholders
          in relation to the group reorganization                                –          82,896
       Receipts in advance from cornerstone investors         41(b)        320,971               –
       Repayment of bank borrowings                                        (15,000)              –
       Payments of share issue costs                                        (1,955)         (4,531)
       Interest paid                                                        (1,022)           (633)
       Repayment of lease liabilities                                       (8,261)         (7,946)
       Repayment to related parties                                              –          (2,364)


     NET CASH FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                    308,805          63,527


     NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                             286,146          29,208


     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE BEGINNING OF THE YEAR                 57,577          28,251


     Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                   159             118


     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE YEAR          21          343,882          57,577
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   85




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2024




1.   GENERAL INFORMATION
     BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited (“the Company”) was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an
     exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Law section 165 of the Cayman Islands on April 25,
     2023. The address of the Company’s registered office is at 3-212 Governors Square, 23 Lime Tree Bay Avenue,
     P.O. Box 30746, Seven Mile Beach, Grand Cayman KY1-1203, Cayman Islands. The principal place of business
     of the Company is Block A, Dongsheng Science and Technology Park & Fengyeyuan Digital Industry Economic
     Park, Zhongguancun, 135 Qinghe Road, Haidian District, Beijing, the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).


     The shares of the Company have been listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
     (the “Stock Exchange”) with effect from January 8, 2025.


     On August 6, 2023, the acting in concert parties, namely Mr. Tan Zheng, Dr. Wang Xiaoyi, ZTan Limited, a
     company wholly owned by Mr. Tan Zheng, and Wispirits Limited, a company wholly owned by Dr. Wang Xiaoyi
     (collectively referred to as the “the Offshore AIC Parties”), entered into another acting in concert agreement,
     pursuant to which, among others, the Offshore AIC Parties (i) acknowledged and confirmed that, the Offshore
     AIC Parties have acted in concert with respect to the management of BrainAurora Zhejiang during the period
     when BrainAurora Zhejiang was the holding company of the Group and with respect to the management of the
     Company since it became the holding company of the Group; and (ii) agreed to act in concert for so long as they
     remain interested in the shares of the Company, consult each other and reach a consensus before voting at the
     board meetings and shareholders’ meetings of the Company, and in case the parties fail to reach a consensus,
     vote based on the opinion of Mr. Tan Zheng.


     The Company is an investment holding company. Its subsidiaries are principally engaged to offer cognitive
     impairment digital therapeutics (“DTx”) integral software solutions in the PRC. The Company and its subsidiaries
     are hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Group”.


     The consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024 are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”),
     which is also the functional currency of the Company.


2.   GROUP REORGANIZATION, BASIS OF PREPARATION AND PRESENTATION OF
     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     Prior to the group reorganization, the operations of the Group were mainly carried out by BrainAurora Zhejiang
     and its subsidiaries in the PRC.
86   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended December 31, 2024




     2.      GROUP REORGANIZATION, BASIS OF PREPARATION AND PRESENTATION OF
             CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
             For the purpose of the proposed listing on the Stock Exchange, the Group underwent the reorganization which
             comprised the following steps (the “Reorganization”):


             1.      The Company was incorporated as an exempted company with limited liability in the Cayman Islands
                     on April 25, 2023 with an authorized share capital of United States Dollars (“USD”) 50,000 divided into
                     500,000,000 ordinary shares of USD0.0001 each.


             2.      On April 28, 2023, BrainAurora Limited was incorporated in the British Virgin Islands with an authorized
                     share capital of USD50,000 divided into 50,000 ordinary shares of USD1 each, which were issued to the
                     Company on incorporation. BrainAurora Limited is wholly-owned by the Company.


             3.      On May 11, 2023, BrainAurora (HK) Medical Technology Limited (“BrainAurora (HK) “) was incorporated
                     in Hong Kong as a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of BrainAurora Limited.


             4.      On June 16, 2023, Zhiling Ruidong was established in the PRC with a registered capital of RMB100,000,000.
                     Zhiling Ruidong is wholly-owned by BrainAurora (HK).


             5.      Between April 2023 and July 2023, the Company issued a total of 1,000,000 shares, consisted of 873,146
                     ordinary shares, 95,878 series A-1 preferred shares (“Series A-1 Preferred Shares”) and 30,976 series A-2
                     preferred shares (“Series A-2 Preferred Shares”) (“Series A-1 Preferred Shares” and “Series A-2 Preferred
                     Shares” are collectively referred to as “Series A Preferred Shares”), for a subscription price of USD0.0001
                     per share proportionately to companies owned by the then shareholders of BrainAurora Zhejiang. The
                     preferential rights for Series A-1 Preferred Shares and Series A-2 Preferred Shares are detailed in Note 27.
                     The Company’s ordinary shares and Series A-2 Preferred Shares are collectively referred to as “Ordinary
                     Shares”.


             6.      On June 15, 2023, Zhiling Ruidong entered into capital injection agreements to make aggregate capital
                     injection of RMB20,000,000 to BrainAurora Zhejiang to subscribe new paid-in capital of RMB1,655,000
                     of BrainAurora Zhejiang. The cash consideration was settled in August 2023.


             7.      On June 30, 2023, Zhiling Ruidong entered into equity transfer agreements with the then shareholders
                     of BrainAurora Zhejiang, pursuant to which Zhiling Ruidong acquired the then shareholders’ respective
                     interest in BrainAurora Zhejiang for an aggregate cash consideration of RMB89,119,000. After the transfer,
                     BrainAurora Zhejiang became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Zhiling Ruidong.


             Upon completion of the Reorganization, the Company has become the holding company of the companies now
             comprising the Group by interspersing the Company, BrainAurora, BrainAurora (HK) and Zhiling Ruidong between
             BrainAurora Zhejiang and its then shareholders. The Group comprising of the Company and its subsidiaries
             resulting from the Reorganization is regarded as a continuing entity, and accordingly, the consolidated financial
             statements for the year ended December 31, 2023 have been prepared as if the Company had always been the
             holding company of the Group.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   87




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2024




2.   GROUP REORGANIZATION, BASIS OF PREPARATION AND PRESENTATION OF
     CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
     The consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, consolidated statement of changes
     in equity and consolidated statement of cash flows of the Group for the year ended December 31, 2023 are
     prepared using the then carrying amounts in the financial statements of the companies comprising the Group
     as if the current group structure had been in existence throughout the year ended December 31, 2023 or since
     their respective dates of incorporation or acquisition, where there is a shorter period.


     The Group was in net current liabilities position of RMB233,875,000 mainly due to the balance of financial
     liabilities at FVTPL, i.e. Series A-1 Preferred Shares, of RMB285,428,000 as at December 31, 2024. The Series
     A-1 Preferred Shares have been converted to ordinary shares upon listing on January 8, 2025. After taking into
     account of the Group’s cashflow projection and the proceeds from initial public offering (“IPO”), the management
     of the Group is satisfied that the Group is able to meet in full its financial obligations as and when they fall
     due in the foreseeable future and it is appropriate to prepare the consolidated financial statements for the year
     ended December 31, 2024 on a going concern basis.


3.   APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
     For the purpose of preparing and presenting the consolidated financial statements for the years ended December
     31, 2024 and 2023, the Group has consistently applied the accounting policies which conform with IFRSs, which
     are effective for the accounting period beginning on January 1, 2024, throughout year 2024 and 2023.


     New and amendments to IFRSs in issue but not yet effective
     The Group has not early applied the following new and amendments to IFRSs that have been issued but are
     not yet effective:


     Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                      Amendment to the Classification and Measurement
                                                            of Financial Instruments3
     Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS 7                      Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity3
     Amendments to IFRS 10 and IAS 28                     Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
                                                            its Associate or Joint Venture1
     Amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards              Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting
                                                            Standards-Volume 113
     Amendments to IAS 21                                 Lack of Exchangeability2
     IFRS 18                                              Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements4

     1
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after a date to be determined
     2
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2025
     3
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2026
     4
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2027


     Except as described below, the directors of the Company (the “Directors”) anticipate that the application of
     the above amendments to IFRSs will have no material impact on the consolidated financial statements in the
     foreseeable future.
88   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended December 31, 2024




     3.      APPLICATION OF NEW AND AMENDMENTS TO IFRS ACCOUNTING STANDARDS
             (CONTINUED)
             IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements
             IFRS 18 Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements, which sets out requirements on presentation
             and disclosures in financial statements, will replace IAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements. This new IFRS
             Accounting Standard, while carrying forward many of the requirements in IAS 1, introduces new requirements
             to present specified categories and defined subtotals in the statement of profit or loss; provide disclosures on
             management-defined performance measures in the notes to the financial statements and improve aggregation
             and disaggregation of information to be disclosed in the financial statements. In addition, some IAS 1 paragraphs
             have been moved to IAS 8 and IFRS 7. Minor amendments to IAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows and IAS 33 Earnings
             per Share are also made.

             IFRS 18, and amendments to other standards, will be effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1,
             2027, with early application permitted. The application of the new standard is expected to affect the presentation
             of the statement of profit or loss and disclosures in the future financial statements. The Group is in the process
             of assessing the detailed impact of IFRS 18 on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.


     4.      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION
             Basis of consolidation
             The consolidated financial statements incorporate the financial statements of the Company and entities controlled
             by the Company and its subsidiaries. Control is achieved when the Company:


             •       has power over the investee;


             •       is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee; and


             •       has the ability to use its power to affect its returns.


             The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are
             changes to one or more of the three elements of control listed above.


             Consolidation of a subsidiary begins when the Group obtains control over the subsidiary and ceases when the
             Group loses control of the subsidiary. Specifically, income and expenses of a subsidiary acquired or disposed of
             during the year are included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income
             from the date the Group gains control until the date when the Group ceases to control the subsidiary.


             Profit or loss and each item of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the Company and
             to the non-controlling interests. Total comprehensive income of subsidiaries is attributed to the owners of the
             Company and to the non-controlling interests even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit
             balance.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   89




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2024




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     Basis of consolidation (Continued)
     When necessary, adjustments are made to the financial statements of subsidiaries to bring their accounting
     policies in line with the Group’s accounting policies.


     All intragroup assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between
     members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.


     Non-controlling interests in subsidiaries are presented separately from the Group’s equity therein, which
     represent present ownership interests entitling their holders to a proportionate share of net assets of the relevant
     subsidiaries upon liquidation.


     Revenue from contracts with customers
     Information about the Group’s accounting policies relating to contracts with customers is provided in Note 6.


     Leases
     The Group assesses whether a contract is or contains a lease based on the definition under IFRS 16 Leases at
     inception of the contract. Such contract will not be reassessed unless the terms and conditions of the contract
     are subsequently changed.


     The Group as lessee
     Right-of-use assets
     The cost of right-of-use assets includes:


     •      the amount of the initial measurement of the lease liability;


     •      any lease payments made at or before the commencement date, less any lease incentives received; and


     •      any initial direct costs incurred by the Group.


     Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated depreciation and impairment losses, and adjusted
     for any remeasurement of lease liabilities.


     Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of its estimated useful life and the
     lease term.


     The Group presents right-of-use assets as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.
90   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended December 31, 2024




     4.      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
             Leases (Continued)
             The Group as lessee (Continued)
             Refundable rental deposits
             Refundable rental deposits paid are accounted under IFRS 9 Financial Instruments and initially measured at fair
             value. Adjustments to fair value at initial recognition are considered as additional lease payments and included
             in the cost of right-of-use assets.


             Lease liabilities
             At the commencement date of a lease, the Group recognizes and measures the lease liability at the present
             value of lease payments that are unpaid at that date. In calculating the present value of lease payments, the
             Group uses the incremental borrowing rate at the lease commencement date if the interest rate implicit in the
             lease is not readily determinable.


             The lease payments include fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives
             receivable.


             After the commencement date, lease liabilities are adjusted by interest accretion and lease payments.


             The Group presents lease liabilities as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of financial position.


             Foreign currencies
             In preparing the financial statements of each individual group entity, transactions in currencies other than the
             functional currency of that entity (foreign currencies) are recognized at the rates of exchanges prevailing on the
             dates of the transactions. At the end of each reporting period, monetary items denominated in foreign currencies
             are retranslated at the rates prevailing at that date. Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical
             cost in a foreign currency are not retranslated.


             Exchange differences arising on the settlement of monetary items, and on the retranslation of monetary items,
             are recognized in profit or loss in the period in which they arise.


             Employee benefits
             Retirement benefit costs
             Payments to state-managed retirement benefit scheme are recognized as an expense when employees have
             rendered services entitling them to the contributions.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   91




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2024




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     Employee benefits (Continued)
     Short-term employee benefits
     Short-term employee benefits are recognized at the undiscounted amount of the benefits expected to be paid
     as and when employees rendered the services. All short-term employee benefits are recognized as an expense
     unless another IFRS requires or permits the inclusion of the benefit in the cost of an asset.


     A liability is recognized for benefits accruing to employees (such as wages and salaries and annual leave) after
     deducting any amount already paid.


     Share-based payments
     Equity-settled share-based payment transactions
     Shares granted to employees
     Equity-settled share-based payments to employees are measured at the fair value of the equity instruments at
     the grant date.


     The fair value of the equity-settled share-based payments determined at the grant date without taking into
     consideration all non-market vesting conditions is expensed on a straight-line basis over the vesting period, based
     on the Group’s estimate of equity instruments that will eventually vest, with a corresponding increase in equity
     (share-based payments reserve). At the end of each reporting period, the Group revises its estimate of the number
     of equity instruments expected to vest based on assessment of all relevant non-market vesting conditions. The
     impact of the revision of the original estimates, if any, is recognized in profit or loss such that the cumulative
     expense reflects the revised estimate, with a corresponding adjustment to the share-based payments reserve.


     When shares granted are vested, the amount previously recognized in share-based payments reserve will be
     transferred to other reserve.


     Taxation
     Income tax expense represents the sum of current and deferred income tax expenses.


     The tax currently payable is based on taxable profit for the year. Taxable profit differs from loss before tax because
     of income or expense that are taxable or deductible in other years and items that are never taxable or deductible.
     The Group’s liability for current tax is calculated using tax rates that have been enacted or substantively enacted
     by the end of each reporting period.
92   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended December 31, 2024




     4.      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
             Taxation (Continued)
             Deferred tax is recognized on temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
             in the consolidated financial statements and the corresponding tax bases used in the computation of taxable
             profit. Deferred tax liabilities are generally recognized for all taxable temporary differences. Deferred tax assets
             are generally recognized for all deductible temporary differences to the extent that it is probable that taxable
             profits will be available against which those deductible temporary differences can be utilized. Such deferred
             tax assets and liabilities are not recognized if the temporary difference arises from the initial recognition (other
             than in a business combination) of assets and liabilities in a transaction that affects neither the taxable profit
             nor the accounting profit and at the time of the transaction does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible
             temporary differences. Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for taxable temporary differences associated with
             investments in subsidiaries, except where the Group is able to control the reversal of the temporary differences
             and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future. Deferred tax assets
             arising from deductible temporary differences associated with such investments are only recognized to the
             extent that it is probable that there will be sufficient taxable profits against which to utilize the benefits of the
             temporary differences and they are expected to reverse in the foreseeable future.


             The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the
             extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profits will be available to allow all or part of the
             asset to be recovered.


             Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply in the period in
             which the liability is settled or the asset is realized, based on tax rate (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
             substantively enacted by the end of each reporting period.


             The measurement of deferred tax liabilities and assets reflects the tax consequences that would follow from
             the manner in which the Group expects, at the end of each reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying
             amount of its assets and liabilities.


             For the purposes of measuring deferred tax for leasing transactions in which the Group recognizes the
             right-of-use assets and the related lease liabilities, the Group first determines whether the tax deductions are
             attributable to the right-of-use assets or the lease liabilities.


             For leasing transactions in which the tax deductions are attributable to the lease liabilities, the Group applies
             IAS 12 Income Taxes requirements to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities separately. The Group will recognize
             a deferred tax asset (to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which the
             deductible temporary difference can be utilized) and a deferred tax liability for all deductible and taxable
             temporary differences associated with the right-of-use assets and the lease liabilities.


             Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset when there is a legally enforceable right to set off current tax assets
             against current tax liabilities and when they relate to income taxes levied to the same taxable entity by the same
             taxation authority.


             Current and deferred tax are recognized in profit or loss.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   93




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2024




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     Property, plant and equipment
     Property, plant and equipment are tangible assets that are held for use in the production or supply of goods or
     services, or for administrative purposes. Property, plant and equipment (other than construction in progress),
     are stated in the consolidated statement of financial position at cost, less subsequent accumulated depreciation
     and subsequent accumulated impairment losses, if any.


     Property, plant and equipment in the course of construction for production, supply or administrative purposes
     are carried at cost, less any recognized impairment loss. Costs include any costs directly attributable to bringing
     the asset to the location and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by
     management and, for qualifying assets, borrowing costs capitalized, in accordance with the Group’s accounting
     policy. Depreciation of these assets, on the same basis as other property, plant and equipment, commences
     when the assets are ready for their intended use.


     Depreciation is recognized so as to write off the cost of property, plant and equipment, other than construction in
     progress less their residual values over their estimated useful lives, using the straight-line method. The estimated
     useful lives, residual values and depreciation method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the
     effect of any changes in estimate accounted for on a prospective basis.


     An item of property, plant and equipment is derecognized upon disposal or when no future economic benefits
     are expected to arise from the continued use of the asset. Any gain or loss arising on the disposal or retirement
     of an item of property, plant and equipment is determined as the difference between the sales proceeds and
     the carrying amount of the asset and is recognized in profit or loss.


     Intangible assets
     Intangible assets acquired separately
     Intangible assets with finite useful lives that are acquired separately are carried at costs less accumulated
     amortization and any accumulated impairment losses. Amortization for intangible assets with finite useful lives
     is recognized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives. The estimated useful life and amortization
     method are reviewed at the end of each reporting period, with the effect of any changes in estimate being
     accounted for on a prospective basis.

     Internally-generated intangible assets – research and development expenditure
     Expenditure on research activities is recognized as an expense in the period in which it is incurred.
94   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended December 31, 2024




     4.      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
             Intangible assets (Continued)
             Internally-generated intangible assets – research and development expenditure (Continued)
             An internally-generated intangible asset arising from development activities (or from the development phase of
             an internal project) is recognized if, and only if, all of the following have been demonstrated:


             •       the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will be available for use or sale;


             •       the intention to complete the intangible asset and use or sell it;


             •       the ability to use or sell the intangible asset;


             •       how the intangible asset will generate probable future economic benefits;


             •       the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources to complete the development and to
                     use or sell the intangible asset; and


             •       the ability to measure reliably the expenditure attributable to the intangible asset during its development.


             The amount initially recognized for internally-generated intangible asset is the sum of the expenditure incurred
             from the date when the intangible asset first meets the recognition criteria listed above. Where no internally
             generated intangible asset can be recognized, development expenditure is recognized in profit or loss in the
             period in which it is incurred.


             Subsequent to initial recognition, internally-generated intangible assets are reported at cost less accumulated
             amortization and accumulated impairment losses (if any), on the same basis as intangible assets that are acquired
             separately.


             Impairment on property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, right-of-use assets and contract costs
             At the end of each reporting period, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its property, plant and
             equipment, intangible assets with finite useful lives and right-of-use assets and contract costs to determine
             whether there is any indication that those assets have suffered an impairment loss. If any such indication exists,
             the recoverable amount of the relevant asset is estimated in order to determine the extent of the impairment
             loss (if any).


             The recoverable amount of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and right-of-use assets are estimated
             individually. When it is not possible to estimate the recoverable amount individually, the Group estimates the
             recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.


             In testing a cash-generating unit for impairment, corporate assets are allocated to the relevant cash-generating
             unit when a reasonable and consistent basis of allocation can be established, or otherwise they are allocated
             to the smallest group of cash generating units for which a reasonable and consistent allocation basis can be
             established. The recoverable amount is determined for the cash-generating unit or group of cash-generating units
             to which the corporate asset belongs, and is compared with the carrying amount of the relevant cash-generating
             unit or group of cash-generating units.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   95




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2024




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     Impairment on property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, right-of-use assets and contract costs
     (Continued)
     Before the Group recognizes an impairment loss for assets capitalized as contract costs under IFRS 15 Revenue
     from Contracts with Customers, the Group assesses and recognizes any impairment loss on other assets related
     to the relevant contracts in accordance with applicable standards. Then, impairment loss, if any, for assets
     capitalized as contract costs is recognized to the extent the carrying amounts exceeds the remaining amount of
     consideration that the Group expects to receive in exchange for related goods or services less the costs which
     relate directly to providing those goods or services that have not been recognized as expenses. The assets
     capitalized as contract costs are then included in the carrying amount of the cash-generating unit to which they
     belong for the purpose of evaluating impairment of that cash-generating unit.


     Recoverable amount is the higher of fair value less costs of disposal and value in use. In assessing value in use,
     the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects
     current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset (or a cash-generating
     unit) for which the estimates of future cash flows have not been adjusted.


     If the recoverable amount of an asset (or a cash-generating unit) is estimated to be less than its carrying
     amount, the carrying amount of the asset (or a cash-generating unit) is reduced to its recoverable amount.
     For corporate assets or portion of corporate assets which cannot be allocated on a reasonable and consistent
     basis to a cash-generating unit, the Group compares the carrying amount of a group of cash-generating units,
     including the carrying amounts of the corporate assets or portion of corporate assets allocated to that group
     of cash-generating units, with the recoverable amount of the group of cash-generating units. In allocating
     the impairment loss, the impairment loss is allocated first to reduce the carrying amount of any goodwill (if
     applicable) and then to the other assets on a pro-rata basis based on the carrying amount of each asset in the
     unit or the group of cash-generating units. The carrying amount of an asset is not reduced below the highest of
     its fair value less costs of disposal (if measurable), its value in use (if determinable) and zero. The amount of the
     impairment loss that would otherwise have been allocated to the asset is allocated pro rata to the other assets
     of the unit or the group of cash-generating units. An impairment loss is recognized immediately in profit or loss.


     Where an impairment loss subsequently reverses, the carrying amount of the asset (or cash-generating unit or
     a group of cash-generating units) is increased to the revised estimate of its recoverable amount, but so that
     the increased carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined had no
     impairment loss been recognized for the asset (or a cash-generating unit or a group of cash-generating units)
     in prior years. A reversal of an impairment loss is recognized immediately in profit or loss.


     Financial instruments
     Financial assets and financial liabilities are recognized when a group entity becomes a party to the contractual
     provisions of the instrument. All regular way purchases or sales of financial assets are recognized and
     derecognized on a trade date basis. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of financial assets
     that require delivery of assets within the time frame established by regulation or convention in the market place.
96   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended December 31, 2024




     4.      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
             Financial instruments (Continued)
             Financial assets and financial liabilities are initially measured at fair value except for trade receivables arising from
             contracts with customers which are initially measured in accordance with IFRS 15. Transaction costs that are
             directly attributable to the acquisition or issue of financial assets and financial liabilities (other than financial assets
             or liabilities at FVTPL) are added to or deducted from the fair value of the financial assets or financial liabilities,
             as appropriate, on initial recognition. Transaction costs directly attributable to the acquisition of financial assets
             or financial liabilities at FVTPL are recognized immediately in profit or loss.


             The effective interest method is a method of calculating the amortized cost of a financial asset or financial
             liability and of allocating interest income and interest expense over the relevant period. The effective interest
             rate is the rate that exactly discounts estimated future cash receipts and payments (including all fees and points
             paid or received that form an integral part of the effective interest rate, transaction costs and other premiums or
             discounts) through the expected life of the financial asset or financial liability, or, where appropriate, a shorter
             period, to the net carrying amount on initial recognition.


             Financial assets
             Classification and subsequent measurement of financial assets

             Financial assets that meet the following conditions are subsequently measured at amortized cost:


             •       the financial asset is held within a business model whose objective is to collect contractual cash flows;
                     and


             •       the contractual terms give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
                     interest on the principal amount outstanding.


             All other financial assets of the Group are subsequently measured at fair value.

             Amortized cost and interest income
             Interest income is recognized using the effective interest method for financial assets measured subsequently at
             amortized cost. Interest income is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying amount
             of a financial asset, except for financial assets that have subsequently become credit-impaired (see below).


             Impairment of financial assets
             The Group performs impairment assessment under ECL on financial assets (including bank balances, restricted
             bank deposit and trade and other receivables) which are subject to impairment assessment under IFRS 9. The
             amount of ECL is updated at each reporting date to reflect changes in credit risk since initial recognition.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   97




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2024




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     Financial instruments (Continued)
     Financial assets (Continued)
     Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
     Lifetime ECL represents the ECL that will result from all possible default events over the expected life of the
     relevant instrument. In contrast, 12-month ECL (“12m ECL”) represents the portion of lifetime ECL that is
     expected to result from default events that are possible within 12 months after the reporting date. Assessments
     are done based on the Group’s historical credit loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the
     debtors, general economic conditions and an assessment of both the current conditions at the reporting date
     as well as the forecast of future conditions.


     The Group always recognizes lifetime ECL for trade receivables.


     For all other financial assets, the Group measures the loss allowance equal to 12m ECL, unless there has been a
     significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, in which case the Group recognizes lifetime ECL. The
     assessment of whether lifetime ECL should be recognized is based on significant increases in the likelihood or
     risk of a default occurring since initial recognition.


     (i)    Significant increase in credit risk
            In assessing whether the credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition, the Group
            compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the
            risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition. In making this
            assessment, the Group considers both quantitative and qualitative information that is reasonable and
            supportable, including historical experience and forward-looking information that is available without
            undue cost or effort.


            In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
            increased significantly:


            •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the financial instrument’s external (if available)
                   or internal credit rating;


            •      significant deterioration in external market indicators of credit risk, e.g. a significant increase in
                   the credit spread, the credit default swap prices for the debtor;


            •      existing or forecast adverse changes in business, financial or economic conditions that are expected
                   to cause a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its debt obligations;


            •      an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor;


            •      an actual or expected significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological
                   environment of the debtor that results in a significant decrease in the debtor’s ability to meet its
                   debt obligations.
98   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     For the year ended December 31, 2024




     4.      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
             Financial instruments (Continued)
             Financial assets (Continued)
             Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
             (i)    Significant increase in credit risk (Continued)
                    Irrespective of the outcome of the above assessment, the Group presumes that the credit risk has increased
                    significantly since initial recognition when contractual payments are more than 30 days past due, unless
                    the Group has reasonable and supportable information that demonstrates otherwise.


                     Despite the aforegoing, the Group assumes that the credit risk on a debt instrument has not increased
                     significantly since initial recognition if the debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk at the
                     reporting date. A debt instrument is determined to have low credit risk if i) it has a low risk of default,
                     ii) the borrower has a strong capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligations in the near term and
                     iii) adverse changes in economic and business conditions in the longer term may, but will not necessarily,
                     reduce the ability of the borrower to fulfill its contractual cash flow obligations. The Group considers a
                     debt instrument to have low credit risk when it has an internal or external credit rating of ‘investment
                     grade’ as per globally understood definitions.


                     The Group regularly monitors the effectiveness of the criteria used to identify whether there has been a
                     significant increase in credit risk and revises them as appropriate to ensure that the criteria are capable
                     of identifying significant increase in credit risk before the amount becomes past due.


             (ii)    Definition of default
                     The Group considers the following as constituting an event of default for internal credit risk management
                     purposes as historical experience indicates that receivables that meet either of the following criteria are
                     generally not recoverable.


                     •        when there is a breach of financial covenants by the counterparty; or


                     •        information developed internally or obtained from external sources indicates that the debtor is
                              unlikely to pay its creditors, including the Group, in full (without taking into account any collaterals
                              held by the Group).


                     Irrespective of the above, the Group considers that default has occurred when a financial asset is more
                     than 90 days past due unless the Group has reasonable and supportable information to demonstrate that
                     a more lagging default criterion is more appropriate.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   99




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2024




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     Financial instruments (Continued)
     Financial assets (Continued)
     Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
     (iii)  Credit-impaired financial assets
            A financial asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the
            estimated future cash flows of that financial asset have occurred. Evidence that a financial asset is
            credit-impaired includes observable data about the following events:


            (a)    significant financial difficulty of the issuer or the borrower;


            (b)    a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;


            (c)    the lender(s) of the borrower, for economic or contractual reasons relating to the borrower’s
                   financial difficulty, having granted to the borrower a concession(s) that the lender(s) would not
                   otherwise consider; or


            (d)    it is becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganization.


     (iv)   Write-off policy
            The Group writes off a financial asset when there is information indicating that the counterparty is in
            severe financial difficulty and there is no realistic prospect of recovery, e.g. when the counterparty has
            been placed under liquidation or has entered into bankruptcy proceedings. Financial assets written off
            may still be subject to enforcement activities under the Group’s recovery procedures, taking into account
            legal advice where appropriate. A write-off constitutes a derecognition event. Any subsequent recoveries
            are recognized in profit or loss.


     (v)    Measurement and recognition of ECL
            The measurement of ECL is a function of the probability of default, loss given default (i.e. the magnitude
            of the loss if there is a default) and the exposure at default. The assessment of the probability of default
            and loss given default is based on historical data adjusted by forward-looking information. Estimation of
            ECL reflects an unbiased and probability-weighted amount that is determined with the respective risks
            of default occurring as the weights.


            Generally, the ECL is the difference between all contractual cash flows that are due to the Group in
            accordance with the contract and the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at the
            effective interest rate determined at initial recognition.
100   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended December 31, 2024




      4.      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
              Financial instruments (Continued)
              Financial assets (Continued)
              Impairment of financial assets (Continued)
              (v)    Measurement and recognition of ECL (Continued)
                     For collective assessment, the Group takes into consideration the following characteristics when
                     formulating the grouping:


                      •        Past-due status;


                      •        Nature, size and industry of debtors; and


                      •        External credit ratings where available.


                      The grouping is regularly reviewed by management to ensure the constituents of each group continue
                      to share similar credit risk characteristics.


                      Interest income is calculated based on the gross carrying amount of the financial asset unless the financial
                      asset is credit-impaired, in which case interest income is calculated based on amortized cost of the
                      financial asset.


                      The Group recognizes an impairment gain or loss in profit or loss for all financial instruments by adjusting
                      their carrying amount, with the exception of trade receivables where the corresponding adjustment is
                      recognized through a loss allowance account.


              Derecognition of financial assets
              The Group derecognizes a financial asset only when the contractual rights to the cash flows from the asset
              expire, or when it transfers the financial asset and substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership of the
              asset to another entity.


              On derecognition of a financial asset measured at amortized cost, the difference between the asset’s carrying
              amount and the sum of consideration received and receivable is recognized in profit or loss.

              Financial liabilities and equity
              Classification as debt or equity
              Debt and equity instruments issued by a group entity are classified as either financial liabilities or as equity in
              accordance with the substance of the contractual arrangements and the definitions of a financial liability and
              an equity instrument.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   101




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2024




4.   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     Financial instruments (Continued)
     Financial liabilities and equity (Continued)
     Equity instruments
     An equity instrument is any contract that evidences a residual interest in the assets of an entity after deducting
     all of its liabilities. Equity instruments issued by the Company are recognized at the proceeds received, net of
     direct issue costs.


     Financial liabilities
     All financial liabilities are subsequently measured at amortized cost using the effective interest method or at
     FVTPL.


     Financial liabilities at FVTPL
     Financial liabilities are classified as at FVTPL when the financial liability is (i) contingent consideration of an
     acquirer in a business combination to which IFRS 3 Business Combinations applies, (ii) held for trading or (iii)
     designated as at FVTPL.


     A financial liability other than a financial liability held for trading or contingent consideration of an acquirer in
     a business combination may be designated as at FVTPL upon initial recognition if:


     •      such designation eliminates or significantly reduces a measurement or recognition inconsistency that
            would otherwise arise; or


     •      the financial liability forms part of a group of financial assets or financial liabilities or both, which
            is managed and its performance is evaluated on a fair value basis, in accordance with the Group’s
            documented risk management or investment strategy, and information about the grouping is provided
            internally on that basis; or


     •      it forms part of a contract containing one or more embedded derivatives, and IFRS 9 permits the entire
            consolidated contract to be designated as at FVTPL.


     For financial liabilities that are designated as at FVTPL, the amount of change in the fair value of the financial
     liability that is attributable to changes in the credit risk of that liability is recognized in other comprehensive
     income, unless the recognition of the effects of changes in the liability’s credit risk in other comprehensive
     income would create or enlarge an accounting mismatch in profit or loss. Changes in fair value attributable to a
     financial liability’s credit risk that are recognized in other comprehensive income are not subsequently reclassified
     to profit or loss; instead, they are transferred to accumulated losses upon derecognition of the financial liability.


     The Group’s Series A-1 Preferred Shares include counterparty conversion options that do not meet equity
     instruments classification by applying IAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation. When determining the
     classification of Series A-1 Preferred Shares as current or non-current, the Group considers both the redemption
     through cash settlement and the transfer of the Group’s own equity instruments as a result of exercise of
     conversion options by holders.
102   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended December 31, 2024




      4.      MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICY INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
              Financial instruments (Continued)
              Financial liabilities and equity (Continued)
              Financial liabilities at amortized cost
              Financial liabilities including trade and other payables, bank and other borrowings and long-term bond are
              subsequently measured at amortized cost, using the effective interest method.


              Foreign exchange gains and losses
              For financial liabilities that are denominated in a foreign currency and are measured at amortized cost at the
              end of each reporting period, the foreign exchange gains and losses are determined based on the amortized
              cost of the instruments. These foreign exchange gains and losses are recognized in the ‘Other expenses and
              other gains and losses, net’ line item in profit or loss as part of net foreign exchange gains (losses) for financial
              liabilities that are not part of a designated hedging relationship.


              The fair value of financial liabilities denominated in a foreign currency is determined in that foreign currency
              and translated at the spot rate at the end of the reporting period. For financial liabilities that are measured as at
              FVTPL, the foreign exchange component forms part of the fair value gains or losses and is recognized in profit
              or loss for financial liabilities that are not part of a designated hedging relationship.


              Derecognition of financial liabilities
              The Group derecognizes financial liabilities when, and only when, the Group’s obligations are discharged,
              cancelled or have expired. The difference between the carrying amount of the financial liability derecognized
              and the consideration paid and payable is recognized in profit or loss.


              Modification of financial liabilities
              For non-substantial modifications of financial liabilities that do not result in derecognition, the carrying amount
              of the relevant financial liabilities will be calculated at the present value of the modified contractual cash flows
              discounted at the financial liabilities’ original effective interest rate. Any adjustment to the carrying amount of
              the financial liability is recognized in profit or loss at the date of modification.
                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024   103




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2024




5.   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
     In the application of the Group’s accounting policies, which are described in Note 4, the Directors are required
     to make judgments, estimates and assumptions about the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities that are not
     readily apparent from other sources. The estimates and associated assumptions are based on historical experience
     and other factors that are considered to be relevant. Actual results may differ from these estimates.


     The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an on-going basis. Revisions to accounting estimates
     are recognized in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that period, or in the
     period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future periods.


     Critical judgment in applying accounting policies
     The following is the critical judgment, apart from those involving estimations (see below), that the Directors
     have made in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies and that have the most significant effect
     on the amounts recognized in the consolidated financial statements.


     Research and development expenditures
     Development costs incurred on the Group’s digital therapy for cognitive impairment are capitalized and deferred
     only when the Group can demonstrate the technical feasibility of completing the intangible asset so that it will
     be available for use or sale, the Group’s intention to complete and use or sell the asset, how the asset will
     generate probable future economic benefits, the availability of adequate technical, financial and other resources
     to complete the pipeline, the Group’s ability to use or sell the asset and the ability to measure reliably the
     expenditure during the development. Development costs which do not meet these criteria are expensed when
     incurred.


     The Directors assess the progress of each of the research and development projects and determine whether the
     criteria are met for capitalization. During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, all development costs
     are expensed when incurred.
104   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended December 31, 2024




      5.      CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGMENT AND KEY SOURCES OF ESTIMATION UNCERTAINTY
              (CONTINUED)
              Key sources of estimation uncertainty
              The followings are the key assumptions concerning the future, and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at
              the end of the reporting period that may have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
              amounts of assets and liabilities within the coming twelve months.


              Provision of ECL for trade receivables
              Trade receivables with credit-impaired are assessed for ECL individually while for the remaining balances,
              collective assessment is adopted. Management of the Group estimates the amount of lifetime ECL of trade
              receivables based on collective assessment through grouping of various debtors that have similar loss patterns,
              after considering aging, internal credit ratings of trade debtors and repayment history of respective trade
              receivables. Estimated loss rates are based on default rates over the expected life of the debtors and are adjusted
              for forward-looking information..


              The provision of ECL is sensitive to changes in estimates. The information about the ECL and the Group’s trade
              receivables are disclosed in Notes 19 and 32.
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   105




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2024




6.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
     (i)   Disaggregation of revenue
                                                                                                For the             For the
                                                                                            year ended          year ended
                                                                                          December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                                  2024                2023
                                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000


           Provision of the brain function information
              management platform software system (the “System”)
              integral software solutions
           In hospitals                                                                            79,316             41,224
           Out of hospitals                                                                        26,789              5,723


                                                                                                 106,105              46,947


           Research projects                                                                       15,942             14,290
           Training facilitation service (Note i)                                                       –              5,085
           Others (Note ii)                                                                           264                878


           Total                                                                                 122,311              67,200


           Notes:

           i        The Group signed a three-year contract with the customer in October 2023 for training facilitation service
                    and suspended it in January 2024 as requested by the customer. In April 2024, the Group and the customer
                    entered into a termination agreement in relation to the training facilitation service.

           ii       Others are mainly generated from sales of software systems and sales of electronic equipment with software
                    systems.
106   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended December 31, 2024




      6.      REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
              (i)     Disaggregation of revenue (Continued)
                                                                                                         For the             For the
                                                                                                     year ended          year ended
                                                                                                   December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                                           2024                2023
                                                                                                       RMB’000             RMB’000


                      Timing of recognition
                      At a point in time                                                                    95,311            56,118
                      Over time                                                                             27,000            11,082


                                                                                                          122,311             67,200


                      Geographical market
                      Mainland China                                                                      122,311             67,200


              (ii)    Performance obligations for contracts with customers and revenue recognition policies
                      Revenue from provision of the System integral software solutions in hospitals and out of hospitals, and
                      research projects, are principal activities from which the Group generated its revenue during the years
                      ended December 31, 2024 and 2023.


                      (a)      Provision of the System integral software solutions
                               The Group earns revenue by (i) provision of the System integral software solutions through the
                               Group’s core product, the System in hospitals which enable hospitals to offer assessment and
                               intervention to their cognitive impairment patients; (ii) provision of the System integral software
                               solutions out of hospitals to individual patients. Revenue relating to provision of the System integral
                               software solutions in hospitals is recognized at a point in time when performance obligation is
                               completed and the Group has a present right to collect payment for the services performed. The
                               revenue relating to provision of the System integral software solutions out of hospitals is generated
                               from subscription contracts under which a prepayment was received from a customer for unlimited
                               number of services provided during the subscription period. The revenue relating to provision of
                               the System integral software solutions out of hospitals is recognized over time and prepayment
                               received is recognized as a contract liability and is released on a straight-line basis over the period
                               of services.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   107




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2024




6.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     (ii)   Performance obligations for contracts with customers and revenue recognition policies
            (Continued)
            (b)   Research projects
                  The Group provide software development and data analysis service according to the customer’s
                  requirements.


                  Revenue relating to most of the research projects is recognized at a point in time when the
                  software development or the data analysis report is completed and accepted by customers. The
                  Group incurs costs to fulfil a contract in such research projects. The Group first assesses whether
                  these costs qualify for recognition as an asset in terms of other relevant standards, failing which
                  it recognizes an asset for these costs only if they meet all of the following criteria: (a) the costs
                  relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the Group can specifically identify;
                  (b) the costs generate or enhance resources of the Group that will be used in satisfying (or in
                  continuing to satisfy) performance obligations in the future; and (c) the costs are expected to be
                  recovered. The asset so recognized is subsequently amortized to profit or loss when the research
                  project is completed and the relevant software or data analysis report is accepted by customers.
                  The asset is subject to impairment review.


                  Revenue from certain research projects is recognized over time as performance obligation is
                  satisfied, because the Group’s performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to the
                  Group and the Group has an enforceable right to payment for performance completed to date. The
                  progress towards complete satisfaction of a performance obligation is measured based on input
                  method, which is to recognize revenue on the basis of the Group’s actual costs incurred on the
                  relevant projects relative to the total expected costs to the completion of the research projects,
                  that best depict the Group’s performance in transferring control of research services.
108   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended December 31, 2024




      6.      REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
              (iii)   Transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligation for contracts with customers
                      For the services related to provision of the System integral software solutions in hospitals, the Group is
                      entitled to bill a fixed amount for each time of the assessment and intervention provided. The Group
                      elected to apply the practical expedient by recognizing revenue in the amount to which the Group has
                      right to invoice. As permitted under IFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied contracts
                      is not disclosed.


                      Provision of the System integral software solutions out of hospitals and most of research projects are for
                      periods of one year or less. As permitted by IFRS 15, the transaction price allocated to these unsatisfied
                      performance obligations is not disclosed.


                      The transaction price of research projects for the period over one year allocated to the remaining
                      performance obligations and the expected timing of recognizing revenue are as follows:


                                                                                                      As at               As at
                                                                                                December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                                       2024               2023
                                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000


                      Within one year                                                                    2,186             7,723
                      More than one year but not more than two years                                         –               435


                      Total                                                                              2,186             8,158


              (iv)    Segment information
                      Information reported to the executive directors, being the chief operating decision makers (the “CODM”)
                      for the purpose of resources allocation and assessment of segment performance, focuses on types of
                      goods or services delivered or provided. During the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023, the
                      CODM assesses the operating performance and allocates resources of the Group as a whole, as all of
                      the Group’s activities are considered to be primarily the provision of cognitive impairment DTx integral
                      software solutions. Accordingly, the executive directors consider there is only one operating segment under
                      the requirements of IFRS 8 Operating Segments. In this regard, no segment information is presented.


                      No geographic information is presented as the revenue, non-current assets and operations of the Group
                      are all derived from its activities in the PRC.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   109




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2024




6.   REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
     (v)     Information about major customers
             Revenue from customers of the corresponding years contributing over 10% of the total revenue of the
             Group are as follows:


                                                                                            For the            For the
                                                                                        year ended         year ended
                                                                                      December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                              2024               2023
                                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000


             Customer A                                                                       31,303            26,821
             Customer B                                                                        N/A*             10,970
             Customer C                                                                        N/A*              6,821


             The revenue from customer A and customer B included revenue from provision of the System integral
             software solutions in hospitals and research projects. The revenue from customer C included revenue
             from research projects.

             *     During the year ended December 31, 2024, revenue from customer B and customer C contributed less than
                   10% of the total revenue of the Group.


7.   OTHER INCOME
                                                                                            For the            For the
                                                                                        year ended         year ended
                                                                                      December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                              2024               2023
                                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000


     Interest income on bank balances, term deposits and
        restricted bank deposit                                                                  518              1,973
     Interest income from rental deposits                                                        109                106
     Government grants related to research and development activities                          1,083                  –


     Total                                                                                     1,710              2,079
110   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended December 31, 2024




      8.      OTHER EXPENSES AND OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES, NET
                                                                                                           For the             For the
                                                                                                       year ended          year ended
                                                                                                     December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                                             2024                2023
                                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000


              Fair value gains on financial assets at FVTPL                                                        5              2,672
              Gain on re-estimated repayments of long-term bond (Note)                                         4,161                  –
              Gains (losses) on disposal of property, plant and equipment                                          2                (64)
              Losses on lease modifications and lease terminations                                                (9)              (223)
              Net foreign exchange loss                                                                         (328)               (67)
              Others                                                                                            (505)                 –


              Total                                                                                            3,326              2,318


              Note:   The repayments of long-term bond are re-estimated according to the expected listing date as the long-term bond will
                      mature on the fifth anniversary of a qualified IPO (as detailed in Note 23).


      9.      FINANCE COSTS
                                                                                                           For the             For the
                                                                                                       year ended          year ended
                                                                                                     December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                                             2024                2023
                                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000


              Interest on bank borrowings                                                                        517                212
              Interest expense on long-term bond                                                              21,003             19,583
              Interest on lease liabilities                                                                      505                421


              Total                                                                                           22,025             20,216
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   111




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2024




10.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE AND DEFERRED TAXATION
      Income tax expense
                                                                                              For the             For the
                                                                                          year ended          year ended
                                                                                        December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                                2024                2023
                                                                                            RMB’000             RMB’000

      Current tax:
        PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                                     4                   –
      Under provision in respect of prior year:
        PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                                    48                   –


      Total                                                                                          52                   –


      The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands and is exempted from income tax.


      No Hong Kong profit tax was provided for as there was no estimated assessable profit of the Group’s Hong
      Kong subsidiary that was subject to Hong Kong profit tax during the year ended December 31, 2024 (2023: nil).


      Under the law of the PRC on Enterprise Income Tax (the “EIT Law”) and implementation regulations of the EIT
      Law, the statutory tax rate of the PRC subsidiaries is 25%.


      Beijing Zhijingling Technology Co., Ltd.* (北京智精靈科技有限公司) (“Beijing Zhijingling”) have been accredited
      as a High-New Technology Enterprise (the “HNTE”) by the Science and Technology Bureau of Beijing and
      relevant authorities in December 2019 for a term of three years ended December, 2021. The HNTE qualification
      of Beijing Zhijingling was further renewed and extended to December 2025. Beijing Zhijingling was subject to a
      preferential income tax rate of 15% from year 2019 to 2024. Pursuant to the notice of the Ministry of Finance
      and the State Administration of Taxation on extending the loss carrying forward period of HNTE and high-tech
      small and medium enterprises (Cai Shui 2018 No. 76), with effect from January 1, 2018, for qualified HNTE and
      high-tech small and medium enterprises, the unutilized tax losses incurred in the previous 5 years can be utilized
      in 10 years from the year of loss. The unutilized tax losses of Beijing Zhijingling incurred since year 2014 will be
      expired in 10 years from the year of loss.
112   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended December 31, 2024




      10.     INCOME TAX EXPENSE AND DEFERRED TAXATION (CONTINUED)
              Income tax expense (Continued)
              Income tax expense can be reconciled to loss before tax per the consolidated statement of profit or loss and
              other comprehensive income as follows:


                                                                                                               For the              For the
                                                                                                           year ended           year ended
                                                                                                         December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                                                 2024                 2023
                                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000


              Loss before tax                                                                                   (198,558)           (359,116)


              Tax at the statutory tax rate of 25%                                                               (49,640)            (89,779)
              Effect of preferential tax rates                                                                    13,651              12,240
              Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose (Note i)                                      12,953              58,810
              Under provision in respect of prior year                                                                48                   –
              Tax effect of super deduction for research and
                development expenses (Note ii)                                                                   (10,280)              (7,400)
              Tax effect of deductible temporary differences not recognized                                        2,014                  125
              Tax effect of tax losses not recognized and utilization of
                tax losses not recognized previously                                                              31,306              26,004


                                                                                                                        52                   –


              Notes:

              i.       Tax effect of expenses not deductible for tax purpose mainly includes fair value loss of financial liabilities at FVTPL,
                       share-based payments and the listing expenses of the Company.

              ii.      Pursuant to Caishui 2023 circular No. 7, BrainAurora Zhejiang and all its PRC subsidiaries enjoy accelerated deduction
                       of 200% on qualifying research and development expenses from January 1, 2023.

              *        English name is for identification purpose only.
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   113




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2024




10.   INCOME TAX EXPENSE AND DEFERRED TAXATION (CONTINUED)
      Deferred taxation
      For the purpose of presentation in the consolidated statement of financial position, certain deferred tax assets
      and liabilities have been offset. The following is the analysis of the deferred tax balances for financial reporting
      purposes:


                                                                                              As at                 As at
                                                                                        December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                               2024                 2023
                                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000


      Deferred tax assets                                                                        3,363               3,237
      Deferred tax liabilities                                                                  (3,363)             (3,237)


                                                                                                      –                   –


      The followings are the deferred tax liabilities and assets recognized and movements thereon:


                                                                             Right-of-use          Lease
                                                              Tax losses           assets      liabilities         Total
                                                               RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000


      At January 1, 2023                                                8          (2,728)         2,720                  –
      Credit (charge) to profit or loss                                90            (509)           419                  –


      At December 31, 2023                                             98          (3,237)         3,139                  –
      (Charge) credit to profit or loss                               (94)           (126)           220                  –


      At December 31, 2024                                              4          (3,363)         3,359                  –
114   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended December 31, 2024




      10.     INCOME TAX EXPENSE AND DEFERRED TAXATION (CONTINUED)
              As at December 31, 2024, the Group had estimated unused tax losses of approximately RMB563,980,000 (2023:
              RMB385,186,000), respectively, which are available for offset against future profits. Deferred tax asset has been
              recognized in respect of approximately RMB16,000 of such losses as at December 31, 2024 (2023: RMB392,000).
              No deferred tax asset has been recognized in respect of the remaining approximately RMB563,964,000 due to
              the unpredictability of future profit streams as at December 31, 2024 (2023: RMB384,794,000).


              The unrecognized tax losses with expiry dates are disclosed in the following table:


                                                                                                    As at               As at
                                                                                              December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                                     2024               2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000


              2026                                                                                     1,877             1,877
              2027                                                                                     3,575             3,575
              2028                                                                                    42,502            42,502
              2029                                                                                    47,121             2,818
              2030                                                                                     3,282             3,282
              2031                                                                                    63,785            63,785
              2032                                                                                   146,218           146,218
              2033                                                                                   120,737           120,737
              2034                                                                                   134,867                 –


              Total                                                                                  563,964           384,794


              As at December 31, 2024, the Group has deductible temporary differences of RMB13,352,000 (2023:
              RMB891,000) in relation to the impairment loss under ECL model and certain expenses. No deferred tax asset
              has been recognized in relation to such deductible temporary differences as it is not probable that taxable profit
              will be available against which the deductible temporary differences can be utilized.
                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   115




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                              For the year ended December 31, 2024




11.   LOSS FOR THE YEAR
                                                                       For the            For the
                                                                   year ended         year ended
                                                                 December 31,       December 31,
                                                                         2024               2023
                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000


      Loss for the year has been arrived at after charging:
      Staff costs, including directors’ remuneration
        – salaries and other allowances                                 70,937             69,079
        – retirement benefits                                            7,219              6,301
        – equity-settled share-based payments included in
           selling and distribution expenses                            12,382               8,127
        – equity-settled share-based payments included in
           administrative expenses                                      27,273             17,921
        – equity-settled share-based payments included in
           research and development expenses                            27,112             18,825


      Total staff costs                                                144,923            120,253


      Auditor’s remuneration                                             1,800                 13
      Listing expenses                                                  26,852             25,767


      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                     16,847             13,779
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                8,718              6,994
      Amortization of intangible assets                                  1,580                493


      Total depreciation and amortization                               27,145             21,266


      Short-term lease expense                                               97                102
      Sub-contracting costs in relation to clinical trials
        included in research and development expenses                     1,912              7,049
116   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended December 31, 2024




      12.     DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS
              The emoluments paid or payable to the directors and chief executive of the Company (including emoluments
              for the services as employee of the group entities prior to becoming directors of the Company), during the
              years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 disclosed pursuant to the applicable Listing Rules and Hong Kong
              Companies Ordinance are as follows:


              Year ended December 31, 2024


                                                                                                           Equity
                                                             Salaries   Performance                       Settled
                                                          and other          related   Retirement    Share-based
                                                         allowances         bonuses       benefits     payments       Total
                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000


              Executive directors:
              Mr. Tan Zheng (Note a)                           1,022              –            47         22,538     23,607
              Dr. Wang Xiaoyi (Note b)                           818             60            68         22,386     23,332


              Sub-total                                        1,840             60           115         44,924     46,939


              Non-executive directors:
              Mr. Li Sirui (Note c)                                –               –            –               –         –
              Ms. Li Mingqiu (Note c)                              –               –            –               –         –
              Mr. Deng Feng (Note c)                               –               –            –               –         –


              Sub-total                                            –               –            –               –         –


              Independent non-executive directors:
              Mr. Lam Yiu Por (Note d)                             –               –            –               –         –
              Dr. Duan Tao (Note d)                                –               –            –               –         –
              Mr. Li Yuezhong (Note d)                             –               –            –               –         –


              Sub-total                                            –               –            –               –         –


              Total                                            1,840             60           115         44,924     46,939
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   117




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2024




12.   DIRECTORS’, CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S EMOLUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      Year ended December 31, 2023

                                                                                                          Equity
                                                                        Salaries                         settled
                                                                     and other      Retirement      share-based
                                                                    allowances         benefits       payments             Total
                                                                      RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000


      Executive directors:
      Mr. Tan Zheng (Note a)                                             2,649              37          14,785            17,471
      Dr. Wang Xiaoyi (Note b)                                           4,739              65          14,685            19,489


      Sub-total                                                          7,388             102          29,470            36,960


      Non-executive directors:
      Mr. Li Sirui (Note c)                                                   –              –                –                –
      Ms. Li Mingqiu (Note c)                                                 –              –                –                –
      Mr. Deng Feng (Note c)                                                  –              –                –                –


      Sub-total                                                               –              –                –                –


      Total                                                              7,388             102          29,470            36,960


      Notes:

      a.       Mr. Tan Zheng was appointed as a director of the Company in April 2023 and was re-designated as the chairman and
               an executive director in July 2023.

      b.       Dr. Wang Xiaoyi was appointed as chief executive officer and chief research officer of the Group since June 2020.
               Dr. Wang Xiaoyi was appointed as a director of the Company in April 2023 and was re-designated as an executive
               director in July 2023.

      c.       Mr. Li Sirui, Ms. Li Mingqiu and Mr. Deng Feng were appointed as non-executive directors of the Company on July
               30, 2023.

      d.       Mr. Lam Yiu Por, Dr. Duan Tao and Mr. Li Yuezhong were appointed as independent non-executive directors on
               December 19, 2024.


      The executive directors’ emoluments shown above were for their services in connection with the management
      of the affairs of the Group.

      Mr. Tan Zheng and Dr. Wang Xiaoyi were granted equity interest in the Company at a discount to the fair value,
      in respect of their services to the Group, of which details are set out in Note 31.

      There was no arrangement under which a director of the Company or the chief executive of the Group waived
      or agreed to waive any remuneration during the year ended December 31, 2024 (2023: nil).
118   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended December 31, 2024




      13.     FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
              The five highest paid employees of the Group included two directors for the year ended December and 2024
              (2023: two), respectively, details of whose remuneration are set out in Note 12 above. Details of the remuneration
              for the remaining three employees who are not a director of the Company or chief executive of the Group for
              the year ended December 31, 2024 (2023: three) were as follows:

                                                                                                    For the            For the
                                                                                                year ended         year ended
                                                                                              December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                                      2024               2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000            RMB’000


              Salaries and other allowances                                                            3,119              3,614
              Performance related bonuses                                                                180                  –
              Retirement benefits                                                                        204                195
              Equity-settled share-based payments                                                     12,873              6,937


              Total                                                                                   16,376            10,746


              The number of the highest paid employees who are not the directors of the Company or chief executive of the
              Group whose remuneration fell within the following bands is as follows:

                                                                                                    For the            For the
                                                                                                year ended         year ended
                                                                                              December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                                      2024               2023
                                                                                                     No. of             No. of
                                                                                                employees           employees


              Hong Kong dollar (“HKD”)1,500,001 to HKD2,000,000                                             –                 2
              HKD2,000,001 to HKD2,500,000                                                                  2                 –
              HKD8,000,001 to HKD8,500,000                                                                  –                 1
              HKD13,500,001 to HKD14,000,000                                                                1                 –


              Total                                                                                         3                 3


              During the year ended December 31, 2024, no emoluments were paid by the Group to the directors of
              the Company or the five highest paid employees as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as
              compensation for loss of office (2023: nil).

      14.     DIVIDENDS
              No dividend has been paid or declared by the Company during the year ended December 31, 2024, nor has any
              dividend declaration been proposed since the end of the reporting period (2023: nil).
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   119




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                 For the year ended December 31, 2024




15.   LOSS PER SHARE
      The calculation of the basic and diluted loss per share attributable to owners of the Company is based on the
      following data:

                                                                                          For the             For the
                                                                                      year ended          year ended
                                                                                    December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                            2024                2023
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000


      Loss
      Loss for the purpose of basic loss per share                                        (198,282)          (359,083)
      Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
      Adjustment of fair value gain on Series A-1 Preferred Shares                         (30,116)                   –


      Loss for the purpose of diluted loss per share                                      (228,398)          (359,083)


                                                                                          For the             For the
                                                                                      year ended          year ended
                                                                                    December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                             2024               2023
                                                                                           Shares              Shares
                                                                                            (’000)              (’000)


      Number of shares
      Weighted average number of Ordinary Shares for
        the purpose of basic loss per share                                                904,122            583,796
      Effect of dilutive potential ordinary shares:
      Conversion of Series A-1 Preferred Shares                                             95,878                    –


      Weighted average number of ordinary shares for
       the purpose of diluted loss per share                                             1,000,000            583,796


      The weighted average number of Ordinary Shares for the purpose of calculating basic loss per share for the
      years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 has been determined on the assumptions that the Share Subdivision
      as set out in Note 41 had been effective since January 1, 2023 and the Series A-1 Preferred Shares and the
      ordinary shares issued to HoldCo are not treated as outstanding Ordinary Shares and excluded in the calculation
      of basic loss per share.

      For the purpose of calculation of diluted loss per share for the year ended December 31, 2024, it did not take
      into account the effect of the share awards of the Company since the assumed vesting would result in a decrease
      in loss per share. For the purpose of calculation of diluted loss per share for the year ended December 31,
      2023, it did not assume the conversion of Series A-1 Preferred Shares and did not take into account the effect
      of the share awards of the Company since the assumed conversion and the assumed vesting would result in a
      decrease in loss per share.
120   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended December 31, 2024




      16.     PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
                                                   Office                                 Leasehold   Construction
                                               equipment     Machineries    Vehicles   improvement     in progress      Total
                                                 RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000


              COST
              At January 1, 2023                    6,298          5,182        442          16,276            879      29,077
              Additions                             2,335          4,966        700               –          6,772      14,773
              Transfer                                752              –          –           6,427         (7,179)          –
              Disposals                                 –           (381)         –               –              –        (381)


              At December 31, 2023                  9,385          9,767       1,142         22,703            472      43,469
              Additions                             5,626          4,657         733              –          5,777      16,793
              Transfer                                  –              –           –          3,479         (3,479)          –
              Disposals                               (35)           (41)          –              –              –         (76)


              At December 31, 2024                 14,976         14,383       1,875         26,182          2,770      60,186


              ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
              At January 1, 2023                    1,989            834         22           3,411              –       6,256
              Provided for the year                 2,000          2,289         88           9,402              –      13,779
              Disposals                                 –            (69)         –               –              –         (69)


              At December 31, 2023                  3,989          3,054        110          12,813              –      19,966
              Provided for the year                 3,246          4,044        137           9,420              –      16,847
              Disposals                                (7)            (6)         –               –              –         (13)


              At December 31, 2024                  7,228          7,092        247          22,233              –      36,800


              CARRYING VALUES
              At December 31, 2024                  7,748          7,291       1,628          3,949          2,770      23,386


              At December 31, 2023                  5,396          6,713       1,032          9,890           472       23,503


              Property, plant and equipment other than construction in progress are depreciated using the straight-line method
              after taking into account of their estimated residual values with the following useful lives:


              Office equipment                       3 years to 5 years
              Machineries                            3 years
              Vehicles                               5 years
              Leasehold improvement                  Shorter of lease terms or cooperation terms with hospitals and 5 years
                                                                   Annual Report 2024   121




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                For the year ended December 31, 2024




17.   RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
                                                                       Leasehold
                                                                       properties
                                                                        RMB’000


      COST
      At January 1, 2023                                                   18,657
      Additions                                                            10,286
      Lease modified                                                         (500)
      Early termination of a lease (Note i)                                (5,797)


      At December 31, 2023                                                 22,646
      Additions                                                             8,316
      Early termination of a lease (Note i)                                (1,891)
      Reduction of the leased space (Note ii)                              (2,673)
      Lease modified (Note iii)                                            10,786


      At December 31, 2024                                                 37,184


      ACCUMULATED DEPRECIATION
      At January 1, 2023                                                    7,569
      Charge for the year                                                   6,994
      Early termination of a lease (Note i)                                (5,072)


      At December 31, 2023                                                  9,491
      Charge for the year                                                   8,718
      Early termination of a lease (Note i)                                  (806)
      Reduction of the leased space (Note ii)                              (1,258)


      At December 31, 2024                                                 16,145


      CARRYING VALUES
      At December 31, 2024                                                 21,039


      At December 31, 2023                                                 13,155
122   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended December 31, 2024




      17.     RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (CONTINUED)
              Notes:

              i.       In November 2024, the Group early terminated a lease with the lessor and derecognized the right-of-use assets of
                       RMB1,085,000 and lease liabilities of RMB1,203,000, resulting in a loss of RMB2,000 in profit or loss after consideration
                       of withhold of rental deposits by the lessor.


                       In September 2023, the Group early terminated a lease with the lessor and derecognized the right-of-use assets of
                       RMB725,000 and lease liabilities of RMB495,000, resulting in a loss of RMB223,000 in profit or loss after consideration
                       of refund of rental deposits.


              ii.      In January 2024, the Group reduced certain leased space. The Group reduced lease liabilities of RMB1,408,000 and
                       right-of-use assets of RMB1,415,000 resulting in a loss of RMB7,000 in profit or loss.


              iii.     In September 2024, the Group remeasured the lease liabilities of RMB10,786,000 due to a lease modification and
                       made corresponding adjustment of RMB10,786,000 to the right-of-use assets.


                                                                                                                For the              For the
                                                                                                            year ended           year ended
                                                                                                          December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                                                  2024                 2023
                                                                                                              RMB’000              RMB’000


              Short-term lease expense                                                                                  97                 102
              Total cash outflow for leases                                                                          8,948               8,660


              Right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the lease terms.


              The Group leases properties to operate its business. These leases are made for fixed terms of 2 to 5 years. Lease
              terms are negotiated on an individual basis and contain different payment terms and conditions. In determining
              the lease term and assessing the length of the non-cancellable period, the Group applies the definition of a
              contract and determines the period for which the contract is enforceable.


              The Group’s lease agreements do not contain any contingent rent nor any extension, termination option or
              purchase option for lessee. The lease agreements do not impose any covenants other than the security interests
              in the leased properties that are held by the lessor. Leased properties may not be used as security for borrowing
              purposes.


              The Group regularly entered into short-term leases for properties. As at December 31, 2024 and 2023, the
              portfolio of short-term leases is similar to the portfolio of short-term leases to which the short-term lease expense
              is disclosed in Note 11.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   123




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2024




18.   INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                               Software         Patent          Others           Total
                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


      COST
      At January 1, 2023                                           1,283               –               –           1,283
      Addition                                                     1,953           2,000             200           4,153


      At December 31, 2023                                         3,236           2,000             200           5,436
      Additions                                                      267               –               –             267


      At December 31, 2024                                         3,503           2,000             200           5,703


      AMORTIZATION
      At January 1, 2023                                             721               –               –             721
      Charge for the year                                            265             128             100             493


      At December 31, 2023                                           986             128             100           1,214
      Charge for the year                                            880             600             100           1,580


      At December 31, 2024                                         1,866             728             200           2,794


      CARRYING VALUE
      At December 31, 2024                                         1,637           1,272                –          2,909


      At December 31, 2023                                         2,250           1,872             100           4,222


      The above intangible assets have finite useful lives, and are amortized on a straight-line basis over the following
      periods:


      Software                               3 years to 10 years
      Patent                                 5 years
      Others                                 2 years
124   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended December 31, 2024




      19.     TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS
                                                                                                              As at                 As at
                                                                                                        December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                                               2024                 2023
                                                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000


              Trade receivables                                                                                105,312               50,740
              Less: allowance for credit losses                                                                (12,371)                (891)


                                                                                                                 92,941              49,849


              Prepayments to suppliers and service providers                                                     19,453              11,742
              Deferred share issue costs                                                                          8,206               7,689
              Rental deposits                                                                                     4,117               3,880
              Short-term loan receivables (Note)                                                                  4,400                 500
              Receivables from third party payment platforms                                                      2,879               1,005
              Advances to a related party                                                                         2,059                   –
              Value added tax recoverable                                                                         1,541               1,649
              Prepayments for purchase of property, plant and equipment                                           1,146                  18
              Other deposits                                                                                        616                 107
              Prepayments for listing expenses                                                                        2                 318
              Others                                                                                                890               1,305


              Total                                                                                            138,250               78,062


              Analyzed as:
              Non-current                                                                                        4,029                2,009
              Current                                                                                          134,221               76,053


              Total                                                                                            138,250               78,062


              Note:   These receivables were short-term loans to non-related parties, with fixed interest rates from nil to 4.5%, and repayable
                      within one year. The amount of RMB3,000,000 is secured by third parties and the remaining is unsecured.


              As at January 1, 2023, trade receivables from contracts with customers amounted to RMB8,359,000.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   125




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2024




19.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
      Before accepting any new customer, the Group uses an internal credit scoring system to assess the potential
      customer’s credit quality and defines credit limits by customer. The Group allows a credit period of 30 to 180
      days to its customers. The following is an aged analysis of trade receivables, net of allowance for credit losses,
      presented based on the respective revenue recognition dates at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                           As at               As at
                                                                                     December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                            2024               2023
                                                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000


      Trade receivables
      0~90 days                                                                              33,425            22,906
      91~180 days                                                                            18,545            10,577
      181~270 days                                                                           14,654             5,093
      271~360 days                                                                           10,546             6,370
      361~720 days                                                                           15,771             4,903


      Total                                                                                  92,941            49,849


      As at December 31, 2024, included in the Group’s trade receivables balance are debtors with aggregate carrying
      amount of RMB78,845,000 (2023: RMB42,265,000) which are past due as at the reporting date. Out of the past
      due balances, RMB51,094,000 (2023: RMB17,393,000) has been past due 90 days or more and is not considered
      as in default because the customers are mainly state-owned hospitals or state-owned universities which are with
      high credit ratings and frequently repay after due dates but usually settle the amounts in full and the amounts
      are still considered recoverable.


      Details of impairment assessment of trade and other receivables are set out in Note 32.
126   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended December 31, 2024




      20.     RESTRICTED BANK DEPOSIT
                                                                                               As at              As at
                                                                                         December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                                2024              2023
                                                                                             RMB’000           RMB’000


              Restricted bank deposit                                                           69,495          214,241


              Analyzed as:
              Non-current                                                                            –           49,241
              Current                                                                           69,495          165,000


                                                                                                69,495          214,241


              The restricted bank deposit carries interest at prevailing market rate of 0.10% per annum as at December 31,
              2024 (2023: 0.25%) and withdrawal from the account is subject to endorsement of Shaoxing Binhai New Area
              Biomedical Industry Equity Investment Fund Partnership (LP)* (紹興濱海新區生物醫藥產業股權投資基金合夥
              企業(有限合夥)) (“Shaoxing Fund”), the details of which is set out in Note 23. The restriction of withdrawal
              endorsement was waived on January 14, 2025.

              *       English names are for identification purpose only.
                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   127




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                For the year ended December 31, 2024




21.   BANK BALANCES AND CASH
                                                                                         As at              As at
                                                                                   December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                          2024              2023
                                                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000


      Cash on hand                                                                             3                11
      Bank balances                                                                      343,879            57,566


                                                                                         343,882            57,577


      Bank balances and cash denominated in:
      RMB                                                                                 22,742            46,950
      USD                                                                                321,140            10,627


                                                                                         343,882            57,577


      Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on hand and bank balances carry interest at prevailing market rate of
      nil to 1.05% per annum as at December 31, 2024 (2023: 0.01% to 0.35% per annum).
128   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended December 31, 2024




      22.     TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                                              As at                 As at
                                                                                                        December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                                               2024                 2023
                                                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000


              Trade payables                                                                                      3,419              8,251
              Accrued salaries and other allowances                                                              10,259              8,927
              Refund payables (Note)                                                                              3,242              5,222
              Deposits for the hardware for cognitive training out of hospital                                    7,043              1,879
              Payables for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                                           1,265                670
              Accrued listing expenses and share issue costs                                                     25,255             12,622
              Other tax payables                                                                                  1,860              2,761
              Payables for research and development activities                                                    1,353              1,026
              Others                                                                                              2,394              1,903


                                                                                                                 56,090             43,261


              Trade and other payables denominated in:
              USD                                                                                                19,717              9,202
              HKD                                                                                                   378                315
              RMB                                                                                                35,995             33,744


                                                                                                                 56,090             43,261


              Note:   In December 2020, the Group terminated certain contracts relate to sales of the System with distributors and a contract
                      relate to service for software development. These balances represent refundable prepayments received from distributors
                      and customer and agreed compensation for the early termination of contracts.


              The credit period granted by service providers is generally within 30 days. The following is an aged analysis of
              trade payables based on the date when service provided at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                                              As at                 As at
                                                                                                        December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                                               2024                 2023
                                                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000


              Trade payables
              within 1 year                                                                                       3,419               6,514
              over 1 year                                                                                             –               1,737


              Total                                                                                               3,419               8,251
                                                                                                            Annual Report 2024   129




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2024




23.   LONG-TERM BOND
                                                                                               As at                 As at
                                                                                         December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                                2024                 2023
                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000


      Carrying amounts repayable:
      Within one year                                                                            74,663                   –
      Between one to two years                                                                        –              70,216
      More than five years                                                                      271,617             259,222


                                                                                                346,280             329,438


      Less: Amounts due within one year shown under current liabilities                          (74,663)                   –


      Amounts shown under non-current liabilities                                               271,617             329,438


      In July 2021, BrainAurora Zhejiang entered into a long-term bond subscription agreement and a supplementary
      agreement with Shaoxing Fund. The aggregate subscription amount was RMB300 million. The long-term bond
      carries nominal interests of 6% per annum and will mature on the fifth anniversary of a qualified IPO of the
      Group. BrainAurora Zhejiang shall pay the nominal interest of 6% per annum calculated on a simple basis up
      to December 31, 2025 no later than December 31, 2025. The principal and the interest from January 1, 2026
      to the maturity date shall be settled within seven working days from the maturity date. The total subscription
      amount of RMB300 million was received in August 2021. The Shaoxing Fund may exercise its conversion option in
      relation to the long-term bond of no more than RMB100 million before the submission of the listing application
      with no later than December 31, 2025 and the conversion price is subject to further negotiation between the
      Shaoxing Fund and BrainAurora Zhejiang. The long-term bond includes conversion option that do not meet equity
      instrument classification by applying IAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation. The host debt component is
      measured at amortized cost and the derivative component of the conversion option is measured at fair value.
      Since there is no specific conversion price in the agreement, the fair value of the conversion option is considered
      nil. Therefore, the financial liability is measured at amortized cost and the effective interest rate calculated after
      taking into account of nominal interest rate and other directly related issue costs is 6.23%.
130   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended December 31, 2024




      23.     LONG-TERM BOND (CONTINUED)
              In respect of the long-term bond, the Group is required to comply with the following financial covenants as long
              as long-term bond is outstanding. The repayment on demand clauses mainly include:


              •       the investment of the Group to Binhai New Area, Shaoxing city is not lower than RMB50 million until the
                      first anniversary of the subscription amount received; (the “First Year Investment”)


              •       the investment of the Group to Binhai New Area, Shaoxing city is not lower than RMB100 million until
                      the second anniversary of the subscription amount received; (the “Second Year Investment”)


              •       the investment of the Group to Binhai New Area, Shaoxing city is not lower than RMB360 million until
                      the third anniversary of the subscription amount received; (the “Third Year Investment”)


              •       the subscription amount is limited to be used for certain purposes, such as the Group’s ordinary operation,
                      capital expenditure and working Capital (the “Usage Limitation”).


              If the First Year Investment or Second Year Investment is lower than the abovementioned amounts, a grace
              period of 12 months will be given. If the Third Year Investment is lower than RMB360 million, Shaoxing Fund
              has the right to demand immediate payment of the long-term bond with nominal interests of 8% per annum.
              If the Group violates the Usage Limitation, Shaoxing Fund has the right to demand immediate repayment of the
              long-term bond with nominal interests of 6% per annum.


              The abovementioned terms are collectively referred to as the “Repayment on Demand Clauses.”


              The Group has complied with these covenants since the year ended December 31, 2022. The long-term bond
              was guaranteed by certain shareholders and their close family members and friends.


              In June 2023, the Group and Shaoxing Fund signed a supplementary agreement, pursuant to which the
              conversion right, Repayment on Demand Clauses and the original guarantee obligation of certain shareholders
              and their close family members and friends were cancelled. Furthermore, if the Group fails to complete its IPO
              before December 31, 2025, the Repayment on Demand Clauses (not including Usage Limitation) and the original
              guarantee obligation will be restored.


              The Group set up a new bank account and made deposits of RMB300,000,000 to this account as at June 30,
              2023 according to above supplementary agreement and the withdrawal from the account is subject to approval
              of Shaoxing Fund. From July to December 2023, the Group withdrew RMB186,000,000 and placed back
              RMB100,000,000 of restricted bank deposit, and the restricted bank deposit was RMB214,000,000 without
              considering the interest as at December 31, 2023. During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Group
              withdrew RMB145,000,000 restricted bank deposit, and the restricted bank deposit was RMB69,000,000 without
              considering the interest as at December 31, 2024.
                                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   131




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                         For the year ended December 31, 2024




24.   LEASE LIABILITIES
      The exposure of the Group’s lease liabilities are as follows:


                                                                                                  As at                 As at
                                                                                            December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                                   2024                 2023
                                                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000


      Lease liabilities payable:
      Within one year                                                                                11,823               7,927
      Within a period of more than one year but not more than two years                               6,255               3,707
      More than two years, but not exceeding five years                                               2,663                 920


                                                                                                     20,741             12,554
      Less: Amount due for settlement with 12 months shown
             under current liabilities                                                              (11,823)             (7,927)


      Amount due for settlement after 12 months shown under
       non-current liabilities                                                                        8,918               4,627


      The lease liabilities are measured at the present value of the lease payments that are not yet paid. The incremental
      borrowing rates applied to lease liabilities range from 3.50% to 4.00% per annum as at December 31, 2024
      (2023: 4.00% to 4.85% per annum).

      The Group does not face a significant liquidity risk with regard to its lease liabilities. Lease liabilities are monitored
      within the Group’s treasury function.
132   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended December 31, 2024




      25.     CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                               As at                As at
                                                                                         December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                                2024                2023
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000


              Research projects                                                                      1,099            967
              Provision of the System integral software solutions in hospitals                         168            401
              Provision of the System integral software solutions out of hospitals                   8,697          2,254
              Other sales                                                                              111            308


                                                                                                 10,075             3,930


              Current                                                                            10,075             3,804
              Non-current                                                                             –               126


                                                                                                 10,075             3,930


              As at January 1, 2023, contract liabilities from customers amounted to RMB1,450,000.


              Revenue recognized during the year ended December 31, 2024 related to contract liabilities balance at the
              beginning of the period amounted to RMB3,804,000 (2023: RMB1,023,000), respectively.
                                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   133




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                            For the year ended December 31, 2024




26.   BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS
                                                                                                     As at                 As at
                                                                                               December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                                      2024                 2023
                                                                                                   RMB’000              RMB’000


      Other borrowing (Note i)                                                                           7,189              7,083
      Bank borrowings (Note ii)                                                                         14,072             15,000


                                                                                                        21,261             22,083


      Bank and other borrowings denominated in:
      USD                                                                                                7,189              7,083
      RMB                                                                                               14,072             15,000


                                                                                                        21,261             22,083


      Notes:

      i.       In December 2022, BrainAu Medical Technology (Delaware) Co., LLC (“BrainAu (Delaware)”), a subsidiary of the Group,
               entered into a financing agreement with China Frontier Capital Holding Ltd., a shareholder of the Group. According
               to the original financing agreement, the borrowing amounted to USD1 million and is interest free and is due after the
               U.S. Food and Drug Administration approves the Section 510(k) registration for the Cognitive Impairment Assessment
               Software and Cognitive Impairment Treatment Software in the United States of America. During the current year, the
               payment term of the borrowing has been modified to payable within three months upon listing.

      ii.      In 2024, the Group obtained two new bank borrowings of RMB10,000,000 and RMB4,072,000 which will be matured
               in 2025. The borrowings carry fixed interest of 5.00% and 3.00% per annum, respectively.


      In 2023, the Group obtained two new bank borrowings of RMB15,000,000 which were matured and repaid in
      2024. The borrowings carry fixed interest of 5.50% per annum.
134   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended December 31, 2024




      27.     FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FVTPL
                                                                                                       As at               As at
                                                                                                 December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                                        2024               2023
                                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000


              Series A-1 Preferred Shares                                                              285,428            315,544


              Subscribe new paid-in capital with certain preferential rights in BrainAurora Zhejiang
              In 2015, 2016 and 2020, BrainAurora Zhejiang entered into series angel financing agreement with two
              independent investors (collectively as the “Series Angel Investors”), series A financing agreement with two
              independent investors (collectively as the “Series A Investors”) and series B financing agreement with two
              independent investors (collectively as the “Series B Investors”), respectively. According to these financing
              agreements, the preferential rights for the Series Angel Investors, Series A Investors and Series B Investors
              included liquidation preferences, anti-dilution right and redemption right.


              Termination of preferential rights in BrainAurora Zhejiang and preferred shares issued by the Company
              On July 17, 2023, BrainAurora Zhejiang entered into an agreement with Series Angel Investors, Series A Investors
              and Series B Investors, pursuant to which the preferential rights for all these pre-IPO investors were terminated
              (“Termination Agreement”). Upon signing of the Termination Agreement, the Series Angel Investors, Series A
              Investors and Series B Investors terminated all their preferential rights in BrainAurora Zhejiang except for one of
              the Series A Investors, Immense Vantage Limited (“IVL”), whose preferential rights in BrainAurora Zhejiang would
              be taken over by Series A-1 Preferred Shares to be issued by the Company. Hence, the paid-in capital subscribed
              by Series Angel Investors, Series A Investors (excluding IVL) and Series B Investors meet the definition of equity
              as the Group has no contractual obligation to deliver cash or a variable number of shares and therefore were
              reclassified from financial liabilities to equity at their fair value of RMB1,012,304,000, resulting in an increase
              of paid-in capital of RMB10,107,000 and an increase of capital reserve of RMB1,002,197,000.


              On July 30, 2023, as part of the Reorganization, the Company issued 95,878 Series A-1 Preferred Shares and
              30,976 Series A-2 Preferred Shares to three affiliates of IVL (IVL and its three affiliates are collectively referred
              to as “IVL Shareholders”) to mirror the paid-in capital with preferential rights of IVL in BrainAurora Zhejiang and
              paid-in capital of IVL in BrainAurora Zhejiang respectively. The fair value of Series A-1 Preferred Shares issued by
              the Company as at July 30, 2023 was RMB317,033,000, and the fair value of paid-in capital with preferential
              rights of IVL in BrainAurora being taken over by Series A-1 Preferred Shares was RMB313,871,000 and fair value
              change of RMB3,162,000 was recognized.


              The shareholders of Series A Preferred Shares (the “Series A Preferred Shareholders”) have the rights to convert
              their respective Series A Preferred Shares into ordinary shares at any time after the date of issuance of such
              Series A Preferred Shares. Series A Preferred Shares shall be automatically converted into ordinary shares upon
              the closing of the listing. The conversion ratio for Series A Preferred Shares to ordinary shares is 1:1. The
              shareholders of Series A-2 Preferred Shares have priority to sell shares to new investors. The Group has no
              contractual obligation to deliver cash or a variable number of shares to shareholders of Series A-2 Preferred
              Shares and thus the Series A-2 Preferred Shares meet the definition of equity.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   135




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                      For the year ended December 31, 2024




27.   FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FVTPL (CONTINUED)
      Termination of preferential rights in BrainAurora Zhejiang and preferred shares issued by the Company
      (Continued)
      The key terms of preferential rights for Series A-1 Preferred Shares are summarized as follows:


      (a)    Liquidation preferences
             In the event of any liquidation including deemed liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company,
             the shareholders of Series A-1 Preferred Shares (“Series A-1 Preferred Shareholders”) shall be entitled to
             receive the amount equal to USD3 million principal investment plus interest of 12% per annum calculated
             on a simple basis from the issue date of the Series A Financing and no greater than USD6 million.


      (b)    Anti-dilution right
             If without the prior written consent of the Series A-1 Preferred Shareholders, the Company issues new
             share(s) at a price less than Series A-1 Preferred Shareholders (except for the price of shares pursuant to
             or in connection with the global offering under the listing, restructuring, and employee share incentive
             plan), the Series A-1 Preferred Shareholders shall have the right to request for the Company or founder
             parties (“Founder Parties”) including ZTan Limited, Wispirits Limited, Wiseforward Limited or Neurobright
             Limited (companies wholly owned by or controlled by Mr. Tan Zheng or Dr. Wang Xiaoyi) to compensate
             in cash, so that the amount paid by the Series A-1 Preferred Shareholders divided by the total shares
             obtained is not higher than the price of the newly issued shares.


      (c)    Redemption right
             The investment from the Series A-1 Preferred Shareholders shall be redeemed by the Company and/or the
             Founder Parties, at the option of the Series A-1 Preferred Shareholders if the Company failed to complete
             a qualified IPO before December 31, 2024, which was extended to December 31, 2025 in March 2024
             and was further extended to June 30, 2026 in October 2024, and/or upon the occurrence of certain
             contingent events. The Series A-1 Preferred Shareholders shall be entitled to receive the redemption
             amount equal to the USD3 million principal investment plus interest of 12% per annum or 20% per
             annum calculated on a simple basis.


      Presentation and classification
      The paid-in capital subscribed by Series Angel Investors, Series A Investors and Series B Investors are collectively
      referred to as BrainAurora Zhejiang Preference Shares. BrainAurora Zhejiang Preference Shares and Series A-1
      Preferred Shares are collectively referred to as Preference Shares.


      The Group has designated Preference Shares which contain redemption features and other embedded derivatives
      as financial liabilities at FVTPL on initial recognition.


      The fair value change of Preference Shares is recognized to profit or loss except for the portion attributable to
      credit risk change which shall be recognized to other comprehensive income, if any. The Directors considered
      that the credit risk change on the financial liabilities that drive the fair value change of the financial liabilities
      during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 is immaterial.
136   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended December 31, 2024




      27.     FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FVTPL (CONTINUED)
              Presentation and classification (Continued)
              The movements in the financial liabilities at FVTPL are as follows:


                                                                              BrainAurora
                                                                                  Zhejiang        Series A-1
                                                                                 Preferred         Preferred
                                                                                    Shares            Shares          Total
                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000


              At January 1, 2023                                                    1,162,632             –        1,162,632
              Change in fair value                                                    163,543         1,673          165,216
              Termination of preferential rights in BrainAurora Zhejiang
                and partially exchange with issue of Series A-1
                Preferred Shares                                                    (1,326,175)     313,871       (1,012,304)


              At December 31, 2023                                                           –      315,544          315,544
              Change in fair value                                                           –      (30,116)         (30,116)


              At December 31, 2024                                                           –      285,428          285,428


              The fair value of the Series A-1 Preferred Shares at December 31, 2024 was determined with reference to the
              offer price in the prospectus of the Company dated December 30, 2024.

              The fair value of the Series A-1 Preferred Shares at December 31, 2023 was valued by the Directors with
              the assistance of an independent qualified professional valuer, which is not connected to the Group and has
              appropriate qualifications and experiences in valuation of similar instruments. Discounted cash flow model was
              used to determine the underlying equity value of the Company as at December 31, 2023.


              Hybrid method was adopted to allocate the equity value amongst different classes of securities of BrainAurora
              Zhejiang or the Company at the end of each reporting period. The hybrid method is a hybrid between the
              probability-weighted expected return method (“PWERM”) and the option pricing method (“OPM”), estimating
              the probability-weighted value across multiple scenarios while using the OPM to estimate the allocation of value
              within one or more of those scenarios.


              Under a PWERM, the values of various classes of securities are estimated based on an analysis of future values
              for the enterprise, assuming various future outcomes, and on the probability-weighted present value of expected
              future investment returns, considering each of the possible future outcomes available to the enterprise, as well
              as the rights of each class of securities. Common future outcomes model might include IPO, liquidation or
              redemption.
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   137




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2024




27.   FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FVTPL (CONTINUED)
      Presentation and classification (Continued)
      The OPM treats the rights of Series A-1 Preferred Shares and ordinary paid-in capital as equivalent to that of
      call options on the Group’s equity value, with strike prices based on the liquidation preferences and redemption
      provisions of Series A-1 Preferred Shares. Thus, the equity value of the ordinary paid-in capital can be determined
      by estimating the value of its portion of each of these call option rights.


      Key valuation assumptions used to determine the fair value of Series A-1 Preferred Shares are as follows:


                                                                                                                 As at
                                                                                                          December 31,
                                                                                                                 2023


      Time to IPO                                                                                                  0.25
      Time to liquidation                                                                                          1.00
      Risk-free interest rate                                                                                    4.79%
      Discount for lack of marketability                                                                        10.00%
      Discount rate                                                                                             16.00%
      Volatility                                                                                                87.91%
      Dividend yield                                                                                                  –
      Possibilities under liquidation scenario                                                                  20.00%
      Possibilities under IPO scenario                                                                          60.00%
      Possibilities under redemption scenario                                                                   20.00%


      Risk-free interest rate was estimated based on the yield of US treasury bonds with maturity matching to the
      expected exit period as at December 31, 2023.


      The discount for lack of marketability was estimated based on the Finnerty model with reference to the
      comparable companies in the same industry.


      Discount rate was estimated by weighted average cost of capital with reference to the comparable companies
      in the same industry.


      Volatility was estimated on the valuation date based on average of historical volatilities of the comparable
      companies in the same industry for a period from the valuation date to expected liquidation or redemption
      dates, where applicable.


      The Series A-1 Preferred Shares have been converted to 95,878,000 ordinary shares upon listing on January 8,
      2025.
138   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended December 31, 2024




      28.     SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                                          Number of                Share
                                                                                                             shares               capital
                                                                                                                                    USD


              Ordinary Shares
              Ordinary Shares of USD0.0001 each
              Authorized
              As at April 25, 2023 (date of incorporation)                                              500,000,000                50,000
              Reclassification and re-designation on issuance of
                Series A-1 Preferred Shares                                                                   (95,878)                 (10)


              As at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2024                                             499,904,122                49,990


              Issued and fully paid
              Issue of Ordinary Shares for the Reorganization (Note)                                          904,122                   90
              Issue of ordinary shares to HoldCo (Note)                                                        85,166                    9


              As at December 31, 2023 and 2024                                                                989,288                   99


                                                                                                            As at                 As at
                                                                                                      December 31,         December 31,
                                                                                                             2024                 2023
                                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000


              Presented as                                                                                            1                  1


              Note:   During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company issued 904,122 Ordinary Shares with a par value of USD0.0001
                      each at total consideration of RMB6,224,000 to its shareholders, which are entities owned by the then shareholders or
                      beneficial owners of BrainAurora Zhejiang as part of the Reorganization. The difference of RMB6,223,000 between the
                      total consideration of RMB6,224,000 and the par value of Ordinary Shares issued of USD90 (equivalent to RMB626)
                      is credited to share premium.


                      On August 2, 2023, the Company issued 85,166 ordinary shares with a par value of USD0.0001 each at total
                      consideration of USD8.5 (equivalent to RMB61) to HoldCo for the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme.
                                                                                                       Annual Report 2024   139




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2024




29.   ACQUISITION OF ASSETS THROUGH ACQUISITION OF A SUBSIDIARY
      Beijing Hongze Technology Development Co., Ltd.* (北京浤澤科技發展有限公司) (“Beijing Hongze”) was
      established on December 16, 2001 by two individual equity holders who are non-related to the Group. On
      February 21, 2023, BrainAurora Zhejiang acquired 100% equity interest of Beijing Hongze at consideration of
      RMB700,000.


      At the time of acquisition of Beijing Hongze, Beijing Hongze did not carry out any business activities nor did
      Beijing Hongze have any assets or liabilities except for holding two vehicles with licence plates of Beijing city.
      The acquisition of Beijing Hongze is regarded as an asset acquisition.

      *      English name is for identification purpose only.


30.   RETIREMENT BENEFITS PLANS
      The PRC employees of the Group are members of a state-managed retirement benefits plan operated by the
      government of the PRC. BrainAurora Zhejiang and its PRC subsidiaries are required to contribute a specified
      percentage of payroll costs to the retirement benefits plan to fund the employee benefits. The only obligation
      of the Group with respect to the retirement benefits plan is to make the specified contributions. The retirement
      benefits cost charged to profit or loss for the year ended December 31, 2024 amounted to RMB7,219,000 (2023:
      RMB6,301,000). As at December 31, 2024, contributions of RMB602,000 (2023: RMB596,000) due in respect
      of the year ended December 31, 2024 had not been paid over to the plans. The amounts were paid subsequent
      to the end of the reporting period.


31.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS
      On July 30, 2023 (the “Adoption Date”), the Company adopted a pre-IPO share award scheme (the “Pre-IPO
      Share Award Scheme”) to recognize and reward the contributions of certain eligible employees of the Group,
      and incentivize them for their future contribution to the continual operation and development of the Company.
      Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the board of directors, the Pre-IPO Share Award
      Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of 10 years commencing on the Adoption Date.


      Under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme, the maximum number of awards that may be granted under the Pre-IPO
      Share Award Scheme in aggregate (excluding the awards that have lapsed or been cancelled in accordance
      with the rules of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme) shall be 85,166 shares held or to be held by HoldCo for the
      purpose of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme.


      On July 31, 2023, the Company granted 85,166 Awarded Shares under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme to
      46 grantees (including directors, members of the senior management, and other employees of the Group) (the
      “Pre-IPO Share Award”). Included in the Pre-IPO Share Award, 27,129 Awarded Shares were granted to Mr. Tan
      Zheng, 26,946 Awarded Shares were granted to Dr. Wang Xiaoyi, 15,163 Awarded Shares were granted to the
      other three senior managements and the remaining 15,928 Awarded Shares were granted to other employees.
      Subject to the consummation of the listing of the Company’s shares (the “Listing”) and if certain performance
      and service conditions are met, the Awarded Shares granted shall vest in the following manner: 30% of such
      Awarded Shares shall be vested on the date of the first anniversary of the Listing; 30% of such Awarded Shares
      shall be vested on the date of the second anniversary of the Listing; and 40% of such Awarded Shares shall be
      vested on the date of the third anniversary of the Listing.
140   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended December 31, 2024




      31.     SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
              The following table discloses movements of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme:


                                                               Outstanding                                  Outstanding
                                                                      as at       Granted        Forfeited         as at
                                                                January 1,      during the      during the December 31,
              Category                                               2023             year            year        2023


              Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme                                  –        85,166                  –        85,166


                                                              Outstanding                                 Outstanding
                                                                     as at       Granted        Forfeited        as at
                                                               January 1,      during the      during the December 31,
              Category                                               2024            year            year        2024


              Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme                            85,166                 –        (1,195)         83,971


              The fair value of each Award Share was RMB3,222.98 which was determined based on the price of the
              Company’s ordinary shares at the grant date.


              The Group recognized a share award expense of RMB66,767,000 in respect of the Pre-IPO Share Award during
              the year ended December 31, 2024 (2023: RMB44,873,000).


      32.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
              Categories of financial instruments


                                                                                                 As at                As at
                                                                                           December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                                  2024                2023
                                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000


              Financial assets
              Amortized cost                                                                    521,175            328,352


              Financial liabilities
              Amortized cost                                                                    732,483            383,094
              Financial liabilities at FVTPL                                                    285,428            315,544


                                                                                               1,017,911           698,638


              Lease liabilities                                                                  20,741             12,554
                                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   141




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                     For the year ended December 31, 2024




32.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      Financial risk management objectives and policies
      The Group’s major financial instruments include trade and other receivables, bank balances, restricted bank
      deposit, trade and other payables, receipts in advance from cornerstone investors, lease liabilities, bank and
      other borrowings, long-term bond and financial liabilities at FVTPL. Details of these financial instruments are
      disclosed in the respective notes.


      The risks associated with these financial instruments include market risk (currency risk, interest rate risk and
      other price risk), credit risk and liquidity risk. The policies on how to mitigate these risks are set out below. The
      management manages and monitors these exposures to ensure appropriate measures are implemented on a
      timely and effective manner.


      Market risk
      (i)   Currency risk
            As at the end of each reporting period, the Group had the following monetary assets and monetary
            liabilities denominated in currencies other than RMB.


                                                                                               As at               As at
                                                                                         December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                                2024               2023
                                                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000


             Assets
             USD                                                                               321,140             10,627
             HKD                                                                                   842                  –


             Liabilities
             USD                                                                               633,305            331,829
             HKD                                                                                 3,341                315
142   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended December 31, 2024




      32.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
              Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
              Market risk (Continued)
              (i)   Currency risk (Continued)
                    Sensitivity analysis
                    The Group was primarily subject to foreign currency risk from the movement of the exchange rates
                    between RMB against USD. At the end of each reporting period, if the exchange rate of RMB had been
                    weaken against USD by 5% and all other variables were held constant, the Group’s post-tax loss for the
                    reporting period would increase as follows. For a 5% strengthening of RMB against USD, there would
                    be an opposite impact on the post-tax loss for the year.


                                                                                                       Increase in post-tax loss
                                                                                                          For the            For the
                                                                                                      year ended         year ended
                                                                                                    December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                                            2024               2023
                                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000


                      USD                                                                                   15,608             16,060


              (ii)    Interest rate risk
                      The Group’s fair value interest rate risk relates primarily to fixed-rate lease liabilities (Note 24), fixed-rate
                      long-term bond (Note 23), fixed-rate bank borrowings (Note 26) and fixed-rate Series A-1 Preferred
                      Shares (Note 27). The Group is also exposed to cash flow interest risk in relation to variable-rate bank
                      balances (Note 21) which carry prevailing market interests. The Company’s fair value interest rate risk
                      relates primarily to fixed-rate Series A-1 Preferred Shares (Note 27). The Group currently does not have a
                      specified policy to manage its interest rate risk but will closely monitor their interest rate risk exposure in
                      the future. No sensitivity analysis on cash flow interest rate risk is presented as the management considers
                      the sensitivity on interest rate risk on bank balances is insignificant.


              (iii)   Other price risk
                      The Group is exposed to other price risk through Series A-1 Preferred Shares.


                      Sensitivity analyses for Series A-1 Preferred Shares were disclosed in Note 33.


              Credit risk and impairment assessment
              The Group’s maximum exposure to credit risk which will cause a financial loss to the Group due to failure to
              discharge an obligation by the counterparties is arising from the carrying amount of the respective recognized
              financial assets (including bank balances, restricted bank deposit and trade and other receivables). The Group do
              not hold any collaterals or other credit enhancement to cover the credit risks associated with its financial assets.
                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024   143




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2024




32.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
      Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
      In order to minimize the credit risk, the Group monitor the exposure to credit risk on an on-going basis. The
      Group assessed the ECL on its financial assets measured at amortized cost at the end of reporting period. The
      Group’s internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:


      The Group’s internal credit risk grading assessment comprises the following categories:


                                                                                                Other financial
      Internal credit rating           Description                    Trade receivables         assets


      Low risk                         The counterparty has a low       Lifetime ECL – not      12m ECL
                                         risk of default and does          credit-impaired
                                         not have any past-due
                                         amounts or the counterparty
                                         frequently repays after due
                                         dates but usually settle the
                                         amounts in full
      Doubtful                         There have been significant      Lifetime ECL – not      Lifetime ECL – not
                                         increases in credit risk since    credit-impaired         credit-impaired
                                         initial recognition through
                                         information developed
                                         internally or external
                                         resources
      Loss                             There is evidence indicating     Lifetime ECL -          Lifetime ECL -
                                         the asset is credit-impaired      credit-impaired         credit-impaired
      Write-off                        There is evidence indicating     Amount is written off   Amount is written off
                                         that the debtor is in severe
                                         financial difficulty and the
                                         Group and the Company
                                         have no realistic prospect of
                                         recovery


      Trade receivables, receivables from third party payment platforms, short-term loan receivables and
      other receivables
      In order to minimize credit risk, the Group has tasked its credit management team to develop and maintain the
      credit risk grading for the Group’s trade receivables, receivables from third party payment platforms, short-term
      loan receivables and other receivables and to categorize exposures according to their degree of risk of default.
      The credit management team uses publicly available financial information and the Group’s own trading records
      to rate its major customers and other debtors. The Group’s exposure and the credit ratings of its counterparties
      are continuously monitored and the aggregate value of transactions concluded is spread amongst approved
      counterparties.
144   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended December 31, 2024




      32.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
              Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
              Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
              Trade receivables, receivables from third party payment platforms, short-term loan receivables and
              other receivables (Continued)
              The Group engages a provider of operations services during the years ended December 31, 2024 and 2023 to
              facilitate the sales to a hospital. The management of the Group is of the view that the credit period of public
              hospitals are normally longer, as the internal procedures of public hospitals regarding decision making and
              approval, and reconciliation and settlement typically take a longer period of time and thus would affect the
              collection of trade receivables of hospitals and the provider of operations services from the hospital and in turn
              affect the collection of trade receivables.


              The Group assessed the ECL for its receivables from third party payment platforms, short-term loan receivables
              and other receivables individually based on internal credit rating which, in the opinion the management of the
              Group, there is no significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition. No 12m ECL was made for receivables
              from third party payment platforms, short-term loan receivables and other receivables, the estimated loss rates
              are limited as the historical observed default rates of counterparties above are minimal, therefore the Group
              assessed the ECL for receivables from third party payment platforms, short-term loan receivables and other
              receivables are insignificant.


              The Group has concentration risk with approximately 33.97%, 18.92% and 15.60% of the Group’s account
              receivables placed with customer A, customer C and the provider of operations services relate to customer B
              respectively at December 31, 2024 (December 31, 2023: with approximately 35.60%, 25.59% and 15.05% of
              the Group’s account receivables placed with customer A, the provider of operations services relate to customer
              B and customer C respectively).


              Bank balances and restricted bank deposit

              The Group’s bank balances and restricted bank deposit are placed with state-owned banks or commercial banks
              with high credit ratings in the Mainland China, Hong Kong, and the United States of America. The management
              of the Group considers that the credit risk on bank balances and restricted bank deposit is insignificant and no
              loss allowance was recognized.


              The Group has concentration risk with approximately 77.65% of the Group’s bank balances placed with bank A
              at December 31, 2024 (December 31, 2023: approximately 79.15% of the Group’s bank balances and restricted
              bank deposit placed with bank B).


              Other than the concentration of credit risks of trade receivables and bank balances and restricted bank deposit
              mentioned above, the Group does not have any other significant concentration of credit risk.
                                                                                                           Annual Report 2024   145




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                       For the year ended December 31, 2024




32.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
      Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
      The tables below detail the credit risk exposures of the Group’s financial assets, which are subject to ECL
      assessment upon application of IFRS 9:


                                                                                             Gross carrying amount

                                                                                                As at              As at
                                                                                          December 31        December 31
                                         Notes                                                   2024              2023
                                                                                              RMB’000           RMB’000


      Financial assets at
         amortized cost
      Trade receivables                    19     Low risk       Lifetime ECL (not               47,274             50,740
                                                                    credit-impaired)
                                                  Doubtful       Lifetime ECL (not               50,315                    –
                                                                    credit-impaired)
                                                  Loss           Lifetime ECL                      7,723                   –
                                                                    credit-impaired)
      Receivables from                     19     Low risk       12m ECL                         14,860               6,696
        third party payment
        platforms, short-term
        loan receivables and
        other receivables
      Restricted bank deposit              20     Low risk       12m ECL                         69,495            214,241
      Bank balances                        21     Low risk       12m ECL                        343,879             57,566


      The management of the Group estimates the amount of lifetime ECL of trade receivables based on provision
      matrix through grouping of various debtors that have similar loss patterns, after considering aging, internal credit
      ratings of trade debtors and repayment history of respective trade receivables. Estimated loss rates are based
      on historical observed default rates over the expected life of the debtors and are adjusted for forward-looking
      information that is available without undue cost or effort. In addition, trade receivables with credit-impaired
      are assessed for ECL individually.


      On that basis, the average loss rates as at December 31, 2024 were 4.76% (2023: 1.76%), respectively which
      were assessed on a collective basis by using provision matrix within lifetime ECL (not credit-impaired).
146   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended December 31, 2024




      32.     FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
              Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
              Credit risk and impairment assessment (Continued)
              The following table shows the movement in lifetime ECL that has been recognized for trade receivables under
              the simplified approach:


                                                                                              Year ended        Year ended
                                                                                            December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                                    2024              2023
                                                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000


              Beginning balance                                                                       891                63
              – Loss allowance recognized, net                                                     11,480               848
              – Write-offs                                                                              –               (20)


              Closing balance                                                                      12,371               891


              As at December 31, 2024, included in the above balance was RMB7,723,000 (2023: nil) related to the loss
              allowance recognized for credit-impaired trade receivables. During the year, loss allowance on credit impaired
              balance of nil (2023: RMB20,000) was written off.


              Liquidity risk
              In management of the liquidity risk, the Group monitor and maintain levels of cash and cash equivalents deemed
              adequate by the management to finance the Group’s operations and mitigate the effects of fluctuations in
              cash flows. The Group relies on long-term bond, Series A-1 Preferred Shares and shareholders’ investment as a
              significant source of liquidity.
                                                                                                                     Annual Report 2024     147




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                             For the year ended December 31, 2024




32.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      Financial risk management objectives and policies (Continued)
      Liquidity risk (Continued)
      The following table details the Group’s remaining contractual maturity for its financial liabilities based on the
      agreed repayment terms. The table has been drawn up based on the undiscounted cash flows of financial
      liabilities based on the earliest date on which the Group can be required to pay. The table includes both interest
      and principal cash flows.


                                                                                                                    Total
                                                           On    within                                     undiscounted       Carrying
                                    Interest rates    demand      1 year   1-2 years   2-5 years   >5 years   cash flows        amount
                                                %     RMB’000   RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000


      At December 31, 2024
      Trade and other payables                   –      3,242     40,729          –           –            –         43,971       43,971
      Receipts in advance from
        cornerstone investors                   –           –   320,971           –           –           –        320,971      320,971
      Series A-1 Preferred Shares           12.00           –    45,834           –           –           –         45,834      285,428
      Bank and other borrowings         0.00-5.00           –    21,569           –           –           –         21,569       21,261
      Long-term bond                         6.23           –    79,447           –           –     372,444        451,891      346,280


                                                        3,242   508,550           –           –     372,444        884,236     1,017,911


      Lease liabilities                 3.50-4.00           –     12,005      6,636       3,932            –         22,573       20,741


                                                                                                                       Total
                                                           On     within                                       undiscounted      Carrying
                                     Interest rates    demand     1 year   1-2 years   2-5 years    >5 years     cash flows      amount
                                                 %    RMB’000   RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000


      At December 31, 2023
      Trade and other payables                  –       5,222     26,351          –           –           –         31,573       31,573
      Series A-1 Preferred Shares           12.00           –     42,610          –           –           –         42,610      315,544
      Bank and other borrowings         0.00-5.50           –     22,530          –           –           –         22,530       22,083
      Long-term bond                         6.23           –          –          –      79,447     354,049        433,496      329,438


                                                        5,222     91,491          –      79,447     354,049        530,209      698,638


      Lease liabilities                 4.00-4.85           –      8,095      5,480       1,132            –         14,707       12,554
148   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended December 31, 2024




      33.     FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
              Some of the Group’s financial instruments are measured at fair value for financial reporting purposes. In
              estimating the fair value, the management of the Group uses market-observable data to the extent it is available.
              Where Level 1 inputs are not available, the management of the Group determines the appropriate valuation
              techniques and inputs for fair value measurements and works closely with the qualified valuer to establish the
              appropriate valuation techniques and inputs to the model.

              Except for financial liabilities at FVTPL as set out below, there is no financial instrument measured at fair value
              on a recurring basis.

              Financial liabilities

                                                        Fair value
                                                                                                                                  Relationships of
                                                      as at            as at                                      Significant     unobservable
                                               December 31,     December 31,    Fair value   Valuation            unobservable    inputs to fair
                                     Note             2024             2023     hierarchy    techniques           inputs          value
                                                   RMB’000          RMB’000


              Series A-1 Preferred   27                   –          315,544       Level 3   Discounted cash      Discount rate   The higher the
              Shares                                                                           flow model,                          discount rate,
                                                                                               PWERM and                            the lower the
                                                                                               OPM                                  fair value, and
                                                                                                                                    vice versa
                                                                                                                                    (Note ii)

                                                    285,428                –       Level 2   Market approach,     N/A             N/A
                                                                                              based on recent
                                                                                              transaction price
                                                                                              (Note i)

              Notes:

              i.       In estimating the fair value, the Directors adopted the valuation technique which maximizes the use of observable data
                       to the extent it is available and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs. The fair value of the Series A-1 Preferred
                       Shares at December 31, 2024 was determined with reference to the offer price in the prospectus of the Company
                       dated December 30, 2024.

              ii.      If the discount rate was 1% higher to 17.00% or 1% lower to 15.00% while holding all other variables constant, the
                       carrying amount of financial liabilities at FVTPL would decrease by RMB39,375,000 or increase by RMB46,479,000 as
                       at December 31, 2023.


              Details of reconciliation of Level 3 fair value measurement for the financial liabilities at FVTPL are set out in
              Note 27.

              The Directors consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at amortized
              cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their respective fair values at the end of reporting
              period except for the long-term bond, of which the fair value is expected to be less than the carrying amount.
                                                                                                                      Annual Report 2024     149




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                  For the year ended December 31, 2024




34.   RECONCILIATION OF LIABILITIES ARISING FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
      The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities arising from financing activities, including both cash and
      non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are those for which cash flows were, or future cash
      flows will be classified in the Group’s consolidated statement of cash flows as cash flows from financing activities.


                                                                                                     Amounts       Accrued
                                                          Financial                   Bank and         due to        share
                                              Lease      liabilities   Long-term         other        related         issue
                                          liabilities     at FVTPL         bond     borrowings        parties         costs       Total
                                           RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’0000      RMB’000       RMB’000


      At January 1, 2023                     11,319     1,162,632        309,855         6,965          2,364            –     1,493,135
      Financing cash flows                   (8,367)            –              –        14,788         (2,364)      (4,531)         (474)
      Interest expenses recognized              421             –         19,583           212              –            –        20,216
      Effect of foreign
         exchange rate changes                    –             –              –          118               –            –           118
      Deferred share issue costs                  –             –              –            –               –        7,689         7,689
      Fair value changes                          –       165,216              –            –               –            –       165,216
      Commencement of lease                  10,176             –              –            –               –            –        10,176
      Lease modification                       (500)            –              –            –               –            –          (500)
      Early termination of a lease             (495)            –              –            –               –            –          (495)
      Reclassification from
         financial liabilities at FVTPL            –    (1,012,304)            –             –              –            –     (1,012,304)


      At December 31, 2023                   12,554       315,544        329,438        22,083              –        3,158       682,777
      Financing cash flows                   (8,766)              –            –        (1,445)             –       (1,955)      (12,166)
      Interest expenses recognized              505               –       21,003           517              –            –        22,025
      Gain on adjustment of estimation
         of the repayments of long-term
         bond                                      –              –       (4,161)            –              –            –         (4,161)
      Effect of foreign
         exchange rate changes                   68              –             –          106               –            –           174
      Deferred share issue costs                  –              –             –            –               –        2,390         2,390
      Fair value changes                          –        (30,116)            –            –               –            –       (30,116)
      Commencement of lease                   8,205              –             –            –               –            –         8,205
      Lease modification                     10,786              –             –            –               –            –        10,786
      Reduction of the leased space          (1,408)             –             –            –               –            –        (1,408)
      Early termination of a lease           (1,203)             –             –            –               –            –        (1,203)


      At December 31, 2024                   20,741       285,428        346,280        21,261              –        3,593       677,303
150   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended December 31, 2024




      35.     MAJOR NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS
              During the year ended December 31, 2024, the Group reduced the lease liabilities by RMB1,408,000 and
              right-of-use assets by RMB1,415,000 due to a reduction of the leased space and recognized the difference of
              RMB7,000 in profit or loss. The Group also derecognized the lease liabilities of RMB1,203,000 and right-of-use
              assets of RMB1,085,000 due to early termination of a lease and recognized the difference of RMB2,000 in profit
              or loss after consideration of withhold of rental deposits by the lessor.


              The Group also remeasured the lease liabilities by RMB10,786,000 due to a lease modification and made a
              corresponding adjustment of RMB10,786,000 to the right-of-use assets. In addition, the Group entered into
              two new lease agreements for the use of leased property, with a term of 2 years and 3 years and recognized
              right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of RMB8,205,000 and RMB8,205,000 on the lease commencement.


              During the year ended December 31, 2023, the Group remeasured the lease liabilities by RMB500,000 due
              to a lease modification and made a corresponding adjustment of RMB500,000 to the right-of-use assets and
              the Group entered into two new lease agreements for the use of leased property for 2 years and 3 years
              and recognized right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of RMB10,176,000 and RMB10,176,000 on the lease
              commencements.


      36.     RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS
              a.      Names and relationships
                      Names                                                  Relationships


                      Dr. Wang Xiaoyi                                        The Chief Executive Officer
                      Mr. Tan Zheng                                          Executive Director of the Company
                      Nanjing Zhipan Information Consulting Partnership      Entity controlled by Dr. Wang Xiaoyi
                        (Limited Partnership)* (南京智盼信息諮詢合夥企業
                        (有限合夥)) (“Zhipan LP”)
                      Tianjin Shuhui Information Consulting Partnership      Entity controlled by Dr. Wang Xiaoyi
                        (Limited Partnership)* (天津樞慧信息諮詢合夥企業
                        (有限合夥)) (“Shuhui LP”)

              *       English name is for identification purpose only.
                                                                                                    Annual Report 2024   151




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                For the year ended December 31, 2024




36.   RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      b.   The Group had the following related party transactions and related parties balance during the years ended
           December 31, 2024 and 2023:
           Loan to a related party

                                                                                         For the            For the
                                                                                     year ended         year ended
                                                                                   December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                           2024               2023
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000


           Non-trade nature
             Dr. Wang Xiaoyi                                                                7,000                   –


           Advance to related parties
                                                                                         For the            For the
                                                                                     year ended         year ended
                                                                                   December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                           2024               2023
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000


           Non-trade nature
             Shuhui LP                                                                          –              3,718
             Dr. Wang Xiaoyi                                                                    –              2,200
             Mr. Tan Zheng                                                                  2,059                  –


                                                                                            2,059              5,918


           Repayment of loan from a related party

                                                                                         For the            For the
                                                                                     year ended         year ended
                                                                                   December 31,       December 31,
                                                                                           2024               2023
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000


           Non-trade nature
             Dr. Wang Xiaoyi                                                                7,000                  29
152   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended December 31, 2024




      36.     RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
              b.      The Group had the following related party transactions and related parties balance during the years ended
                      December 31, 2024 and 2023: (Continued)
                      Repayment of advance from related parties

                                                                                                    For the           For the
                                                                                                year ended        year ended
                                                                                              December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                                      2024              2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000


                      Non-trade nature
                        Shuhui LP                                                                           –            3,718
                        Dr. Wang Xiaoyi                                                                     –            2,200


                                                                                                            –            5,918


                      Repayment to related parties

                                                                                                    For the           For the
                                                                                                year ended        year ended
                                                                                              December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                                      2024              2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000


                      Non-trade nature
                        Shuhui LP                                                                           –            2,267
                        Dr. Wang Xiaoyi                                                                     –               97


                                                                                                            –            2,364


                                                                                                    As at              As at
                                                                                              December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                                     2024              2023
                                                                                                  RMB’000           RMB’000


                      Advances to a related party
                      Non-trade nature
                        Mr. Tan Zheng                                                                  2,059                 –


                      The maximum amount outstanding during the years ended December 31, 2024 was RMB2,059,000.
                      Advances to a related party are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand.
                                                                                               Annual Report 2024   153




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                            For the year ended December 31, 2024




36.   RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      c.    Compensation of key management personnel
            The emoluments of key management during the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                                     For the           For the
                                                                                 year ended        year ended
                                                                               December 31,      December 31,
                                                                                       2024              2023
                                                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000


      Short-term employee benefits                                                     4,258             9,787
      Performance related bonuses                                                        200                 –
      Retirement benefits                                                                319               297
      Equity-settled share-based payments                                             58,275            36,980


                                                                                      63,052            47,064
154   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended December 31, 2024




      37.     PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY
              Details of the subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company at the end of the reporting period are
              set out below:

                                                                                           Equity interest attributable
                                                                                                to the Company
                                               Place of
                                                                                                  December 31,
                                               establishment/   Issued and fully paid
              Name of the subsidiaries         operation        registered capital                2024            2023    Principal activities


              BrainAurora limited              British Virgin   Registered capital of            100%              N/A    Investment holding
                                                 Islands         USD50,000 and issued
                                                                 and paid share capital
                                                                 of nil


              BrainAurora (HK)                 Hong Kong        Registered capital of            100%              N/A    Investment holding
                                                                 HKD50,000 and issued
                                                                 and paid share capital
                                                                 of nil


              Zhiling Ruidong (Note)           PRC              Registered capital of            100%            100%     Investment holding
                                                                 RMB100,000,000 and
                                                                 issued and paid share
                                                                 capital of RMB3,000,000


              BrainAurora Zhejiang             PRC              Registered capital of            100%            100%     Cognitive impairment
                                                                 RMB16,546,000 and                                         DTx
                                                                 paid-in capital of
                                                                 RMB16,546,000


              Changsha Zhijingling             PRC              Registered capital of            100%            100%     Cognitive impairment
                                                                 RMB1,000,000 and                                          DTx
                                                                 issued and paid share
                                                                 capital of RMB690,000


              Beijing Zhijingling              PRC              Registered capital of            100%            100%     Cognitive impairment
                                                                 RMB2,000,000 and                                          DTx
                                                                 issued and paid share
                                                                 capital of RMB500,000


              Beijing Yihui Technology         PRC              Registered capital of             98%             98%     Inactive
               Co., Ltd.* (北京益慧科技                                RMB51,126,000
               有限公司)                                             and issued and paid
                                                                 share capital of
                                                                 RMB50,126,000
                                                                                                                   Annual Report 2024   155




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                           For the year ended December 31, 2024




37.   PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)
      Details of the subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company at the end of the reporting period are
      set out below: (Continued)

                                                                                 Equity interest attributable
                                                                                      to the Company
                                     Place of
                                                                                        December 31,
                                     establishment/   Issued and fully paid
      Name of the subsidiaries       operation        registered capital                2024            2023    Principal activities


      BrainAu Medical Technology     PRC              Registered capital of             80%             80%     Marketing
        (Shaanxi) Co., Ltd.*                           RMB1,000,000 and
        (腦動極光醫療科技(陝西)                                  issued and paid share
        有限公司)                                          capital of nil


      BrainAu Medical Technology     PRC              Registered capital of             85%             85%     Marketing
        (Liaoning) Co., Ltd.*                          RMB1,000,000 and
        (腦動極光醫療科技(遼寧)                                  issued and paid share
        有限公司)                                          capital of nil


      Beijing Naoyu Technology       PRC              Registered capital of             92%             92%     Marketing
       Co., Ltd.* (北京腦域科技                              RMB1,000,000 and
       有限公司)                                           issued and paid share
                                                       capital of nil


      BrainAu Medical Technology     PRC              Registered capital of            100%            100%     Marketing
        (Nanjing) Co., Ltd.*                           RMB1,000,000 and
        (腦動極光醫療科技(南京)                                  issued and paid share
        有限公司)                                          capital of nil


      Beijing Wanxiang Aurora        PRC              Registered capital of             70%             70%     Marketing
       Technology Co., Ltd.*                           RMB1,000,000 and
       (北京萬相極光科技有限公司)                                  issued and paid share
                                                       capital of nil


      Beijing Hongze (Note 29)       PRC              Registered capital of             70%             70%     Marketing
                                                       RMB1,428,600 and
                                                       issued and paid share
                                                       capital of RMB1,428,600


      Sichuan Huiyu Aurora Medical   PRC              Registered capital of             80%             80%     Marketing
        Technology Co., Ltd.*                          RMB1,000,000 and
        (四川慧譽極光醫療科技                                    issued and paid share
        有限公司)                                          capital of nil
156   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended December 31, 2024




      37.     PARTICULARS OF SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)
              Details of the subsidiaries directly and indirectly held by the Company at the end of the reporting period are
              set out below: (Continued)

                                                                                            Equity interest attributable
                                                                                                 to the Company
                                               Place of
                                                                                                   December 31,
                                               establishment/     Issued and fully paid
              Name of the subsidiaries         operation          registered capital               2024            2023    Principal activities


              BrainAu (Delaware)               United States of   Registered capital of           100%            100%     Inactive
                                                America            USD50,000 and issued
                                                                   and paid share capital
                                                                   of nil


              Shenzhen BrainAu Medical         PRC                Registered capital of           100%            100%     Marketing
                Technology Co., Ltd.*                              RMB1,000,000 and
                (深圳腦動極光醫療科技                                        issued and paid share
                有限公司)                                              capital of nil


              Sichuan BrainAu Medical          PRC                Registered capital of           100%            100%     Cognitive impairment
                Technology Co., Ltd.*                              RMB100,000,000 and                                       DTx
                (四川腦動極光醫療科技                                        issued and paid share
                有限公司)                                              capital of nil


              Luzhou BrainAu Medical           PRC                Registered capital of           100%              N/A    Inactive
                Technology Co., Ltd.*                              RMB1,000,000 and
                (瀘州腦動極光醫療科技                                        issued and paid share
                有限公司)                                              capital of nil


              BrainAu Medical Technology       PRC                Registered capital of           100%              N/A    Marketing
                (Hebei) Co., Ltd.*                                 RMB3,000,000 and
                (腦動極光(河北)醫療科技                                      issued and paid share
                有限公司)                                              capital of nil


              Jiangsu BrainAu Medical          PRC                Registered capital of           100%              N/A    Cognitive impairment
                Technology Co., Ltd.*                              RMB36,500,000 and                                        DTx
                (江蘇腦動極光醫療科技                                        issued and paid share
                有限公司)                                              capital of nil

              *       English name is for identification purpose only.

              Note:   Zhiling Ruidong is a wholly foreign owned enterprise established in the PRC.


              None of the subsidiaries had issued any debt securities at the end of the year except for BrainAurora Zhejiang
              which issued long-term bond as disclosed in Note 23.
                                                                                                         Annual Report 2024   157




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                    For the year ended December 31, 2024




38.   CAPITAL RISK MANAGEMENT
      As at December 31, 2024, the Group had net current liabilities of RMB233,875,000 and net liabilities of
      RMB464,024,000. The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue
      as a going concern while maximizing the return to shareholders through the optimization of the debt and equity
      balance. The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from prior year.


      The capital structure of the Group consists of net debt, which includes the long-term bond, lease liabilities, bank
      and other borrowings and financial liabilities at FVTPL as disclosed in Notes 23, 24, 26 and 27, net of cash and
      cash equivalents and equity attributable to owners of the Group, comprising share capital and reserves.


      The Directors review the capital structure on a continuous basis taking into account the cost of capital and the
      risks associated with each class of capital. Based on recommendations of the Directors, the Group will balance
      its overall capital structure through new share issues as well as the issue of new debts.


39.   CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
                                                                                             As at                As at
                                                                                       December 31,        December 31,
                                                                                              2024                2023
                                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000


      Capital expenditure contracted but
        not provided for in respect of acquisition
        of equipment and machineries and
        leasehold improvements                                                                     860                678
158   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      For the year ended December 31, 2024




      40.     STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY

              Information about the financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period includes:


                                                                                                 As at December 31,
                                                                                                   2024                 2023
                                                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000


              NON-CURRENT ASSET
              Investments in subsidiaries                                                         425,155            353,361


              CURRENT ASSETS
              Other receivables and prepayments                                                     8,208              8,007
              Bank balances and cash                                                              321,083             15,584


                                                                                                  329,291             23,591


              CURRENT LIABILITIES
              Other payables                                                                       25,305             12,673
              Amount due to a subsidiary                                                            7,117              7,012
              Receipts in advance from cornerstone investors                                      320,971                  –
              Financial liabilities at FVTPL                                                      285,428            315,544


                                                                                                  638,821            335,229


              NET CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                            (309,530)           (311,638)


              TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                               115,625             41,723


              NET ASSETS                                                                          115,625             41,723


              CAPITAL AND RESERVES
              Share capital                                                                             1                  1
              Reserves                                                                            115,624             41,722


              TOTAL EQUITY                                                                        115,625             41,723
                                                                                                        Annual Report 2024   159




NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the year ended December 31, 2024




40.   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION AND RESERVES OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)
      Movements in reserves
                                                                      Share-based
                                                           Share        payments       Accumulated
                                                        premium           reserve            losses              Total
                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000


      At the date of incorporation                              –                 –                 –                  –
      Issue of Ordinary Shares                              6,223                 –                 –              6,223
      Loss and total comprehensive
      expense for the year                                      –                 –           (9,374)             (9,374)
      Recognition of equity-settled
      share-based payments (Note 31)                            –           44,873                  –            44,873


      At December 31, 2023                                  6,223           44,873            (9,374)            41,722
      Profit and total comprehensive
      income for the year                                       –                 –            7,135               7,135
      Recognition of equity-settled
      share-based payments (Note 31)                            –           66,767                  –            66,767


      At December 31, 2024                                  6,223          111,640            (2,239)           115,624


41.   EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
      Save as disclosed in Notes 20 and 27 in the consolidated financial statements, events and transactions took place
      subsequent to December 31, 2024 are detailed as below:


      a.     Pursuant to the written resolutions of all shareholders of the Company passed on December 24, 2024,
             each share in the then issued and unissued share capital with par value of USD0.0001 each has been split
             into 1,000 shares of the corresponding class with nominal value of USD0.0000001 each effective upon
             listing (the “Share Subdivision”).


      b.     On January 8, 2025, the shares of the Company have been listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange
             following the completion of issue of 181,112,000 new shares at par value of US$0.0000001 each at the
             offer price of HKD3.22 per share. The gross proceeds arising from the IPO amounted to approximately
             HKD583 million. The Company received the IPO funds of USD44,651,000 (equivalent to RMB320,971,000)
             in advance from certain cornerstone investors in December 2024, which was reclassified to equity on
             January 8, 2025 by issue of 106,747,000 new shares of the Company.
160   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      DEFINITIONS



      In this annual report, the following expressions have the meanings set out below unless the context requires otherwise.

      “ADHD”                                     attention deficit hyperactivity disorder

      “ADHD Software”                            Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder Assessment and Treatment Software

      “AI”                                       artificial intelligence

      “Articles of Association” or               the third amended and restated articles of association of our Company
        “Articles”                               adopted by special resolution on December 24, 2024, with effect upon the
                                                 Listing Date, as amended from time to time

      “associate(s)”                             has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

      “Audit Committee”                          the audit committee of the Board

      “Award(s)”                                 an award of the Awarded Shares by the Board pursuant to the Pre-IPO Share
                                                 Award Scheme

      “Awarded Share(s)”                         the Shares awarded by our Company pursuant to the Pre-IPO Share Award
                                                 Scheme

      “BCAT”                                     Basic Cognitive Testing Software

      “Board” or “Board of Directors”            the board of directors of our Company

      “BrainAurora Zhejiang”                     Zhejiang BrainAurora Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (浙江腦動極光醫療科技
                                                 有限公司), a limited liability company established in the PRC on September
                                                 21, 2012 and directly wholly owned by WFOE, being one of our Major
                                                 Subsidiaries

      “CCBT”                                     Computerized Cognitive Behavioral Therapy

      “CDDCI”                                    Child development deficiency induced cognitive impairment

      “CE mark”                                  the mark appears on products signify that products sold in the European
                                                 Economic Area have been assessed to meet high safety, health, and
                                                 environmental protection requirements

      “CEO”                                      chief executive officer of our Company

      “CG Code”                                  the “Corporate Governance Code” as contained in Appendix C1 to the
                                                 Listing Rules
                                                                                                  Annual Report 2024   161




                                                                                     DEFINITIONS



“China”, “Mainland China” or         People’s Republic of China, but for the purpose of this annual report and
  “PRC”                              for geographical reference only and except where the context requires
                                     otherwise, references in this annual report to “China” and the “PRC” do
                                     not apply to Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan

“Class II Medical Device”            devices that have a moderate to high risk to the patient and/or user

“close associate(s)”                 has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“Companies (Winding Up and           the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance
  Miscellaneous Provisions)          (Chapter 32 of the Laws of Hong Kong) as amended, supplemented or
  Ordinance”                         otherwise modified from time to time

“Companies Act” or “Cayman           the Companies Act, Cap. 22 (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands
  Companies Act”

“Companies Ordinance”                the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong) as
                                     amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

“Company” or “our Company”           BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited (腦動極光醫療科技有限公司), an
                                     exempted company with limited liability incorporated under the laws of the
                                     Cayman Islands on April 25, 2023

“Compliance Adviser”                 SPDB International Capital Limited, our compliance adviser

“connected person(s)”                has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“connected transaction(s)”           has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“Controlling Shareholder(s)”         has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules and unless the
                                     context otherwise requires, refers to Mr. Tan, Dr. Wang, together with
                                     their respective close associates, namely ZTan Limited, Wispirits Limited,
                                     Wiseforward Limited and Neurobright Limited

“core connected person(s)”           has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

“Core Product”                       has the meaning ascribed to it in Chapter 18A of the Listing Rules; for the
                                     purpose of this annual report, our Core Product refers to the System

“DD”                                 Developmental dyslexia

“Director(s)” or “our Director(s)”   the directors of our Company, including all executive, non-executive and
                                     independent non-executive Directors
162   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      DEFINITIONS



      “DNN”                                    deep neutral networks

      “Dr. Wang”                               Dr. Wang Xiaoyi (王曉怡), an executive Director, CEO, chief research officer
                                               of the Company and a Controlling Shareholder

      “DSS”                                    Dyslexia Supplemental Screening and Assessment Software

      “DTx”                                    digital therapeutics

      “ESG”                                    environmental, social and governance; a collection of corporate performance
                                               evaluation criteria that assess the robustness of a company’s governance
                                               mechanisms and its ability to effectively manage its environmental and
                                               social impacts

      “Group,” “our Group, “our,”              our Company and all of our subsidiaries or, where the context so requires,
        “we” or “us”                           in respect of the period before our Company became the holding company
                                               of its present subsidiaries, the businesses operated by such subsidiaries or
                                               their predecessors (as the case may be)

      “HK$”                                    Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

      “Hong Kong”                              the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

      “Hong Kong Stock Exchange” or            The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
        “Stock Exchange”

      “Hunan MPA”                              Hunan Medical Products Administration

      “ISO 13485”                              a set of requirements for a quality management system where an
                                               organization needs to demonstrate its ability to provide medical devices and
                                               related services that consistently meet customer and applicable regulatory
                                               requirements

      “KOLs”                                   key opinion leaders

      “Latest Practicable Date”                April 15, 2025, being the latest practicable date prior to the printing of this
                                               annual report for the purpose of ascertaining certain information contained
                                               in this report

      “Listing”                                the listing of our Shares on the Main Board

      “Listing Date”                           January 8, 2025, the date on which dealings in the Shares first commence
                                               on the Main Board
                                                                                          Annual Report 2024   163




                                                                               DEFINITIONS



“Listing Rules”                the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
                               Kong Limited, as amended or supplemented from time to time

“Liuhui Biotech”               Tianjin Liuhui Biotechnology Co., Ltd (天津六慧生物科技有限公司) (formerly
                               known as Shanghai Liuhui Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (上海六慧生物科技有限
                               公司) a limited liability company incorporated in the PRC on 29 April 2016
                               and is wholly-owned company of Dr. Wang

“Main Board”                   the stock exchange (excluding the option market) operated by the Stock
                               Exchange which is independent from and operated in parallel with the GEM
                               of the Stock Exchange

“ML”                           machine learning

“MMSE”                         Mini-Mental State Examination

“MoCA”                         Montreal Cognitive Assessment

“Mr. Tan”                      Mr. Tan Zheng (譚錚), the chairman of the Board, an executive Director, chief
                               strategy officer of the Company and a Controlling Shareholder

“Nanchang Fusion”              Nanchang Fusion Therapeutics, Ltd. (南昌福藥生物技術有限公司), a limited
                               liability company established in the PRC on November 29, 2021, a wholly-
                               owned subsidiary of our Company

“NCI”                          Neurodegenerative disease induced cognitive impairment

“NHC”                          the National Health Commission of the PRC (中華人民共和國國家衛生健康
                               委員會)

“NMPA”                         National Medical Products Administration (國家藥品監督管理局) and its
                               predecessor, the China Food and Drug Administration (國家食品藥品監督
                               管理總局) from 2013 to 2018 and the State Food and Drug Administration
                               (國家食品藥品監督管理局) from 2003 to 2013

“Nomination Committee”         the nomination committee of the Board

“PCI”                          Psychiatric disorder induced cognitive impairment

“Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme”   the share award scheme adopted by the Company on July 30, 2023

“Prospectus”                   the prospectus of the Company dated December 30, 2024

“Remuneration Committee”       the remuneration committee of the Board
164   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      DEFINITIONS



      “Reporting Period”                       the year ended December 31, 2024

      “RMB”                                    the lawful currency of the PRC

      “SAS”                                    Cognitive Ability Supplemental Screening and Assessment software

      “SFO”                                    the Securities and Futures Ordinance, Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                                               Kong, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

      “Share(s)” or “Ordinary Share(s)”        ordinary share(s) in the share capital our Company, with a nominal value of
                                               US$0.0001 each prior to the Share Subdivision or US$0.0000001 each upon
                                               the completion of the Share Subdivision

      “Shareholder(s)”                         holder(s) of our Share(s)

      “Shuhui LP”                              Tianjin Shuhui Information Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (天
                                               津樞慧信息諮詢合夥企業(有限合夥), formerly known as Shanghai Shuhui
                                               Business Information Consulting Center (Limited Partnership) (上海樞慧商
                                               務信息諮詢中心(有限合夥)), a limited partnership established in the PRC on
                                               May 17, 2016 and ultimately controlled by Dr. Wang

      “subsidiary(ies)”                        has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 15 of the Companies Ordinance

      “substantial shareholder(s)”             has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

      “System”                                 Brain Function Information Management Platform Software System

      “U.S.” or “United States”                the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas
                                               subject to its jurisdiction

      “UDCA”                                   ursodeoxycholic acid, a secondary bile acid approved by the FDA as first-line
                                               treatment for PBC, and widely used off-label to treat PSC

      “ULN”                                    upper limit of normal, the 95th percentile of the target population

      “US$”                                    United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

      “VDCI”                                   Vascular disease induced cognitive impairment

      “we”, “us” or “our”                      the Company or the Group, as the context requires
                                                                                              Annual Report 2024   165




                                                                                    DEFINITIONS



“WFOE”                               Zhejiang Zhiling Ruidong Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (浙江智靈睿動醫療
                                     科技有限公司), a limited liability company established in the PRC on June
                                     16, 2023 and directly wholly owned by HK Subsidiary

“Xuanwu Hospital”                    Xuanwu Hospital Capital Medical University (首都醫科大學宣武醫院)

“Zhipan LP”                          Nanjing Zhipan Information Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (
                                     南京智盼信息諮詢合夥企業(有限合夥), formerly known as Shanghai Zhipan
                                     Business Information Consulting Center (Limited Partnership) (上海智盼
                                     商務信息諮詢中心(有限合夥)) and Tianjin Zhipan Information Consulting
                                     Partnership (Limited Partnership) (天津智盼信息諮詢合夥企業(有限合夥)), a
                                     limited partnership established in the PRC on May 17, 2016 and ultimately
                                     controlled by Dr. Wang

“%”                                  per cent

* For identification purposes only
166   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




      THREE-YEAR FINANCIAL SUMMARY



      FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS FOR THE LAST THREE YEARS ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2024

                                                                      Year ended December 31
                                                                    2024          2023            2022
                                                                 RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000


      Revenue                                                    122,311         67,200         11,291
      Cost of sales                                              (68,298)       (35,136)        (7,994)
      Gross profit                                                54,013         32,064          3,297


      Other income                                                  1,710         2,079           3,915
      Other expenses and other gains and losses, net                3,326         2,318           2,803
      Fair value gain (loss) of financial liabilities at FVTPL     30,116      (165,216)       (385,886)
      Impairment loss under ECL model, net of reversal            (11,480)         (848)            (50)
      Selling and distribution expenses                           (48,017)      (38,399)        (11,928)
      Administrative expenses                                     (59,925)      (54,398)        (27,762)
      Research and development expenses                          (119,424)      (90,733)        (67,627)
      Finance costs                                               (22,025)      (20,216)        (19,223)
      Listing expenses                                            (26,852)      (25,767)              –
      Loss before tax                                            (198,558)     (359,116)       (502,461)
      Income tax expense                                              (52)            –               –
      Loss and total comprehensive expense for the year          (198,610)     (359,116)       (502,461)


      Loss for the year attributable to:
      Owners of the Company                                      (198,282)     (359,083)       (502,452)
      Non-controlling interests                                      (328)          (33)             (9)


      Loss per share (RMB)
        Basic                                                       (0.22)        (0.62)          (1.79)
        Diluted                                                     (0.23)        (0.62)          (1.79)
