BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited

腦動極光醫療科技有限公司
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


Stock Code: 6681




                                                              2025   I N T E R I M
                                                                     R E P O R T
CONTENTS

2    Corporate Information

4    Business Highlights

6    Financial Highlights

7    Management Discussion and Analysis

23   Corporate Governance and Other Information

38   Report on Review of Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

39   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

40   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

42   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

44   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

45   Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

66   Forward-Looking Statements

67   Definitions
2   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




    CORPORATE INFORMATION



    BOARD OF DIRECTORS                            REGISTERED OFFICE
    Executive Directors                           #4-210, Governors Sq.
    Mr. Tan Zheng (譚錚)                            23 Lime Tree Bay Avenue
      (Chairman of the Board)                     PO Box 32311
    Dr. Wang Xiaoyi (王曉怡)                         Grand Cayman KY1-1209
      (resigned with effect from June 19, 2025)   Cayman Islands


    Non-executive Directors                       PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
    Mr. Li Sirui (李思睿)                            ICS Corporate Services (Cayman) Limited
    Ms. Li Mingqiu (李明秋)                          Palm Grove Unit 4
    Mr. Deng Feng                                 265 Smith Road, George Town
                                                  P.O. Box 52A Edgewater Way, #1653
    Independent Non-executive Directors           Grand Cayman KY1-9006
    Mr. Lam Yiu Por (林曉波)                         Cayman Islands
    Dr. Duan Tao (段濤)
    Mr. Li Yuezhong (李月中)                         JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
                                                  Mr. Wang Junjie (王俊傑)
    CORPORATE HEADQUARTER AND PRINCIPAL
                                                  Ms. Sham Ying Man (岑影文)
    PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THE PRC
    Room 1301, 13/F, Building 3, Shaoxing         AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
    Shuimuwan District Science Park
                                                  Mr. Tan Zheng (譚錚)
    No. 2 Pingjiang Road
                                                  Ms. Sham Ying Man (岑影文)
    Yuecheng District, Shaoxing City
    Zhejiang Province
    PRC
                                                  AUDIT COMMITTEE
                                                  Mr. Lam Yiu Por (林曉波) (Chairman)
    PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN                Mr. Li Yuezhong (李月中)
    HONG KONG                                     Dr. Duan Tao (段濤)

    Room 1910, 19/F, Lee Garden One
    33 Hysan Avenue
                                                  REMUNERATION COMMITTEE
    Causeway Bay                                  Mr. Li Yuezhong (李月中) (Chairman)
    Hong Kong                                     Mr. Lam Yiu Por (林曉波)
                                                  Dr. Duan Tao (段濤)
                                                                                    Interim Report 2025   3




                                              CORPORATE INFORMATION



NOMINATION COMMITTEE                          COMPLIANCE ADVISER
Mr. Tan Zheng (譚錚) (Chairman)                 SPDB International Capital Limited
Mr. Li Yuezhong (李月中)                         33/F SPD Bank Tower
Dr. Duan Tao (段濤)                             One Hennessy
                                              1 Hennessy Road
HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR                     Hong Kong
Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre                 PRINCIPAL BANKS
16 Harcourt Road                              Agricultural Bank of China Shaoxing
Hong Kong                                     Paojiang Branch
                                              No. 86, Century East Street
STOCK CODE                                    Paojiang Development Zone
6681                                          Shaoxing City
                                              Zhejiang Province
AUDITOR                                       China
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants and Registered   China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. Beijing
Public Interest Entity Auditor                Beiyuan Road Science and Technology
35/F, One Pacific Place                       Finance Branch
88 Queensway                                  Building 4, No. 36, Anhuidongli
Hong Kong                                     Chaoyang District
                                              Beijing
COMPANY WEBSITE                               China

66nao.cn
                                              LISTING DATE
                                              January 8, 2025
4   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




    BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



    During the first half of 2025, we have made significant progress in advancing our product pipeline, AI technology
    innovations and business operations. Specifically, we made progress in the following areas:


    1.      Significant Progress in Core Pipeline in Research and Clinical Trials


            (1)     Dyslexia Adjunctive Recovery Training Software


                    The R&D phase has been completed, and it is now about to enter the registered clinical trial stage. Ethical
                    approval from the main center has been obtained currently, with patient enrollment expected to begin
                    by the end of the third quarter of this year and ethical reviews for sub-centers to be applied for. Data
                    collection is projected to conclude in early 2026, followed by the submission of applications for medical
                    device registration certificates by the end of the third quarter of 2026.


            (2)     Randomized Controlled Trial of Cognitive Digital Therapeutics for Hypertension, Coronary Heart Disease
                    and Atrial Fibrillation Patients with Cognitive Impairment but No Dementia


                    The series of studies comprises three sub-studies, with a total of 649 patients enrolled. Follow-up for all
                    patients was completed in 2024. To date, data analysis and report writing have been finalized, and the
                    Company plans to submit applications for medical device registration certificates in 2026.


            (3)     Depression Treatment Software


                    The Company has completed both the development and pilot testing phases of the treatment software,
                    with plans to initiate clinical trials for depression treatment software in 2026.


            (4)     Breakthrough in Combined Digital-drug Therapy for Attention Deficit Hyperactive Disorder (ADHD) in
                    Children


                    In collaboration with the Sixth Hospital of Peking University, the Company completed the “Development
                    and Application of Electronic Targeted Intervention Technology for ADHD Based on Multidimensional
                    Cognitive Function Assessment”. This marks China’s first multicenter randomized controlled trial validating
                    the efficacy of combined digital-drug therapy on key symptoms in children with ADHD, with findings
                    published in “BMC Medicine”.


                    The study randomly divided 124 children with ADHD into a monotherapy group (atomoxetine) and a group
                    receiving targeted cognitive digital therapeutics combined with medication, for an 8-week intervention.
                    Results showed significantly greater improvement in the combined group across multiple key symptoms
                    compared to the monotherapy group that took only atomoxetine: attention deficit scores improved
                    from 23.3% to 34.6%, hyperactivity-impulsivity scores improved from 18.0% to 34.6%, and overall
                    key symptom scores improved from 21.5% to 34.3%. This study successfully demonstrated the marked
                    efficacy of combined digital-drug therapy in alleviating ADHD key symptoms compared to monotherapy
                    (atomoxetine), filling a gap in China’s evidence-based research on ADHD digital therapeutics (DTx). It also
                    signifies the entry of combined digital-drug therapy into a new phase of synergistic enhancement. This
                    therapy breaks through the limitations of traditional medications, showcasing the precision potential of
                    digital therapeutics in neurodevelopmental disorders.
                                                                                                      Interim Report 2025   5




                                                                    BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



2.   Continuously Driving Innovation and Application of AI in the Medical Field


     (1)   The paper titled “Improve Decoding Factuality by Token-wise Cross Layer Entropy of Large Language
           Models”, authored by the Company, proposes a cross-layer entropy-enhanced decoding method that
           mitigates hallucination issues without requiring additional training of large language model parameters.
           The paper has been accepted by the North American Chapter of the Association for Computational
           Linguistics (NAACL2025), one of the top three international conferences in the field of natural language
           processing. While large models have broad application scenarios in healthcare, issues such as hallucinations
           have remained key obstacles. This research provides a novel approach to address hallucination problems
           in large models.


     (2)   The Company’s self-developed medical large model, BrainAuGPT, has been granted a national invention
           patent for its novel method of recommending training task combinations for large language models based
           on GBR second-order knowledge representation. Empowered by large models, the virtual human intelligent
           evaluation system has undergone comprehensive upgrades, now supporting multiple languages with more
           accurate intention understanding and the ability to detect patients’ emotional changes for empathetic
           interactions. The personalized cognitive training intervention system, based on a cognitive deep-reasoning
           large model, represents the cutting edge of digital transformation in healthcare sector. By leveraging
           Monte Carlo Tree Search hybrid inference techniques and dynamic feedback control mechanisms, it
           achieves high-dimensional parameter optimization and personalized matching of intervention plans,
           delivering “precise prescription tailored to each individual” for patients with cognitive dysfunction.
           Additionally, the BrainAu Onebox M1, an all-in-one smart medical large model device developed based
           on BrainAuGPT, was successfully launched in 2025.


3.   Steady and Rapid Business Development


     Our revenue increased by RMB48.16 million from RMB51.89 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024 to
     RMB100.05 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025, representing a year-on-year increase of 92.81%.
6   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS



                                                                                                                                Period-
                                                                           Six months ended June 30,                          on-Period
                                                                                  2025                    2024                  change
                                                                               RMB’000                 RMB’000                       %


    Revenue                                                                     100,051                  51,887                  92.82%
    Loss and total comprehensive expense for the period                        (126,881)               (114,389)                -10.92%
    Adjusted net loss for the period*                                           (88,022)                (78,842)                -11.64%


    *       Adjusted net loss for the period is not defined under the International Financial Reporting Standard (the “IFRS”), it represents
            the loss for the period excluding the effect brought by fair value changes on convertible redeemable preferred shares and
            expenses under the employee long-term incentive plans.
                                                                                                         Interim Report 2025   7




                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



I.     OVERVIEW
We are a seasoned player in China’s cognitive impairment digital therapeutics (the “DTx”) market. We are the first
company in China that has developed a medical-grade DTx product for cognitive impairment, combining brain science
with advanced artificial intelligence (the “AI”) technologies. Our product pipeline covers both the assessment and
intervention of a broad range of cognitive impairments induced by vascular diseases, neurodegenerative diseases,
psychiatric disorders, and child development deficiencies, among others. Our Core Product (as defined in Chapter 18A
of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”)), the
Brain Function Information Management Platform Software System is the first cognitive impairment DTx product that
has obtained regulatory approval in China.


We are a commercial stage company. As of the date of this report, our Core Product had been included in the provincial
health insurance reimbursement lists of 30 provinces in China. We are committed to assisting medical institutions across
the country to establish diagnostic and treatment centers for cognitive impairment, and building long-term business
relationships with medical institutions to promote the development of cognitive impairment DTx market in China. As of
the date of this report, we had helped more than 200 hospitals establish cognitive centers in China, including several
leading hospitals with “National Medical Center” (國家醫學中心) certification for various medical specialties by the
NHC. We are committed to making achievements in the brain scientific research to DTx products and building a digital
platform for DTx and comprehensive health management that benefit cognitive impairment patients.


We have established a broad DTx product pipeline. The Core Product had been commercialized for eight indications from
four major types of cognitive impairment and is under development for several other cognitive impairment indications
as of the date of this report. We had three other products with regulatory approvals in China, one other product with
regulatory approval in the EU and six product candidates under different stages of preclinical and clinical development
or registration process as of the date of this report. We enjoy rights with respect to our products and product candidates
in jurisdictions where we receive regulatory approvals.
8   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



    II.     OUR PRODUCTS AND PRODUCT PIPELINE
    The following chart summarizes the development status of our products as of the date of this report:


    A.      Our Core Product – Brain Function Information Management Platform Software System (the “System”)
    Our Core Product, the System, is an evidence-based, medical-grade DTx product, and the first cognitive impairment
    DTx product in China to receive regulatory approval. In September 2018, we obtained the initial Class II medical device
    registration certificate from the Hunan Medical Products Administration (the “Hunan MPA”) for the System. In June
    2020, we obtained an amended certificate (the “2020 Amended Certificate”) from the Hunan MPA to include the
    screening, assessment, recovery and data analysis of eight specific indications. In May 2023, we renewed the 2020
    Amended Certificate with the Hunan MPA (the “2023 Renewed Certificate”), which contains the same indication
    coverage as the 2020 Amended Certificate.


    The System is software that combines clinical experience in brain science with deep neutral networks (“DNN”)
    algorithms, a powerful category of machine learning algorithms, to assess a patient’s cognitive impairment and provide
    personalized DTx treatment options. The System enables clinical assessment and interventions for various types of
    cognitive impairment induced by vascular diseases, neurodegenerative diseases, psychological disorders and child
    development deficiencies, among other types of cognitive impairments. The System incorporates our two underlying
    technologies, namely virtual human and AI technologies. In particular, our DNN algorithms are trained with a large
    amount of information on patient demographics, clinical assessment, diagnosis and information collected during patients’
    participation in training tasks at diverse difficulty levels. Our DNN algorithms undergo constant iteration and training
    to dynamically adjust the content of the training tasks. The DNN algorithms can identify the most suitable training out
    of millions of different possible combinations, building on over 300 training modules that are designed to activate the
    appropriate brain regions for the best therapeutic effect.


    Patients that use the System typically suffer from cognitive impairment, which is what the System addresses. Such
    cognitive impairments may be induced by many classes of diseases, such as vascular diseases, neurodegenerative
    diseases, psychiatric disorders and child development deficiencies. In addition, the clinical trials that have been
    undertaken on the System demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the System in improving patients’ cognitive functions
    (such as speed, attention, perception, long-term memory, working memory, calculation, executive control, reasoning and
    problem solving), not the inducing diseases themselves. Therefore, despite the variety in the diseases that could induce
    cognitive impairment, the eight existing indications as well as the potential new indications are considered indication
    expansion of the System and can be added to the same medical device registration certificate.


    WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ULTIMATELY DEVELOP AND MARKET THE SYSTEM WITH NEW INDICATIONS
    SUCCESSFULLY.
                                                                                                         Interim Report 2025   9




                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



B.     Our Other Key Products and Product Candidates
As of the date of this report, four of our products besides the System had obtained regulatory approvals in China or
abroad, including, among others, BCAT, SAS and DSS (terms defined below).


Basic Cognitive Testing Software (the “BCAT”)
BCAT is designed to facilitate healthcare professionals’ assessment of patients’ basic cognitive capacity by enabling
patients to self-administer tests of their cognitive capacities relating to processing speed, working memory, episodic
memory, visual-spatial ability and verbal comprehension. We obtained a Class II medical device registration certificate
from the Hunan MPA for the BCAT in October 2022. After obtaining regulatory approval in 2022, we have been and are
undergoing further research and preparing additional scientific literature with regards to BCAT, which we believe would
be conducive to improving its market recognition and acceptance by the medical community. We have commenced the
commercialization of BCAT in 2025.


Cognitive Ability Supplemental Screening and Assessment software (the “SAS”)
SAS is designed to facilitate healthcare professionals’ assessment of patients’ cognitive capacity by enabling patients to
self-administer Mini-Mental State Examination and Montreal Cognitive Assessment tests. We obtained a Class II medical
device registration certificate from the Hunan MPA for the SAS in December 2022 after submitting relevant clinical
evaluation materials. After obtaining regulatory approval in 2022, we have been and are undergoing further research
and preparing additional scientific literature with regards to SAS, which we believe would be conducive to improving
its market recognition and acceptance by the medical community. We have commenced the commercialization of SAS
in 2025.


Dyslexia Supplemental Screening and Assessment Software (the “DSS”)
DSS is designed to facilitate the assessment of risk of developmental dyslexia in children. We received a Class II medical
device registration certificate for DSS in September 2023 from the Hunan MPA. In support of our application for the
above Class II medical device registration certificate, we submitted a clinical comparison with the System. DSS was
commercialized in 2025.


Dyslexia Adjunctive Recovery Training Software
We are currently conducting a clinical trial for our Dyslexia Adjunctive Recovery Training Software product. The main
components of the Dyslexia Adjunctive Recovery Training Software are: 1. perceptual training module; 2. language-
based training module. The training task system covers cognitive domains such as perception, reading, attention, and
language, aiming to improve reading accuracy and fluency through targeted exercises.
10   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     Quantitative Cognitive Assessment Software for Depression
     The Quantitative Cognitive Assessment Software for Depression is the first medical device product in China designed to
     assess the cognitive abilities of patients with depression. We plan to complete the clinical trial study in the third quarter
     of 2025 and conduct data statistics and analysis. We will formally submit the registration application to the Beijing
     Municipal Medical Products Administration in the fourth quarter of 2025 and anticipate commercialization in 2026.


     Depression Treatment Software
     We are currently under preclinical development of the depression treatment software, called “Mind Island Aurora”,
     which is a computerized system utilizing a combination of game-playing and Computerized Cognitive Behavioral Therapy
     to alleviate symptoms associated with depression. We expect to initiate clinical trial in the first quarter of 2026.


     Cognitive Impairment Assessment Software and Cognitive Impairment Treatment Software
     In order to expand our international footprint and build global influence, we are developing the following products
     for the U.S. and the EU: Cognitive Impairment Assessment Software and Cognitive Impairment Treatment Software.
     On July 22, 2022, we obtained the CE mark in the EU for our Cognitive Impairment Treatment Software, which is
     exempted from clinical trial requirements under EU’s Medical Device Regulation and allows for its commercialization in
     the EU that is expected to commence in 2026. We are also developing our Cognitive Impairment Treatment Software
     and Cognitive Impairment Assessment Software in the U.S. in preparation for regulatory filings under Section 510(k).


     WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ULTIMATELY DEVELOP AND MARKET OUR OTHER KEY PRODUCTS AND PRODUCT
     CANDIDATES SUCCESSFULLY.

     III.    RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT CAPABILITY
     We believe that our continued research and development (“R&D”) is the key driver of our business growth and
     competitiveness.


     A.     R&D Team
     We have a strong multi-disciplinary in-house R&D team of 128 professionals with 29 holding a master’s degree and
     three holding PhDs as of the date of this report. Our key R&D staff have on average over six years of relevant experience
     in the DTx industry. Our R&D team frequently participates in academic and industry conferences and engages with
     industry and clinical experts to bring us up-to-date insights and innovations from a global perspective. Our R&D team is
     divided into the following three groups: (i) Brain Research Institute, (ii) Product Innovation Center, and (iii) Technology
     Research Center. Externally, we have established long-term relationships with key opinion leaders, including well-known
     medical professional and clinical experts in China. Leveraging their insights and recommendations, we are able to focus
     our R&D process on unmet clinical needs and explore frontier and breakthrough technologies.


     B.     Product Design and Preclinical Development
     We have established and strictly followed an internal protocol that governs the design and development of our products.
     Our internal protocol was formulated based on applicable National Medical Products Administration of China (國家藥品
     監督管理局) regulations and ISO 13485. To start with a product development project, we conduct market research to
     analyze market prospects and patient’s need and formulate a development proposal that describes the target medical
     need, potential risks and specific product functions. After obtaining approvals from our management on the project,
     we will then formulate a detailed development plan, which includes the product functionalities and applications, labor
     and budget planning and begin the development process.
                                                                                                           Interim Report 2025   11




                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



C.      Clinical Development
Our clinical affairs department has significant experience in conducting clinical trials for our products. As of the date of
this report, we had organized a dedicated regulatory and clinical affairs department consisting of seven members, with
extensive experience in medical device industry. We also set up a separate regulatory affairs team in charge of regulatory
communications. Our regulatory affairs team is mainly responsible for sorting and reviewing registration materials of our
products, as well as submitting such materials to the relevant government agencies. We conduct clinical trials of new
indications and products in order to obtain the requisite regulatory approvals and collect access-controlled data that
can improve the design and features of our products. The goal of a clinical trial is to measure the clinical safety and
efficacy of a device. Primary parameters for clinical trials are selected based on the intended use of the medical device.


FUTURE DEVELOPMENT AND OUTLOOK
We plan to execute the following strategies to achieve our mission and drive our future growth: (i) continue indication
expansion of the System and development of other product candidates to further solidify our position in China’s
cognitive impairment DTx market, (ii) accelerate commercialization of the System and other products and enhance market
penetration, (iii) further improve our research and development capabilities, (iv) expand our international footprint and
build global influence and (v) strategically seek merger and acquisition opportunities.


IV.    FINANCIAL REVIEW
Overview
The following discussion is based on, and should be read in conjunction with, the financial information and notes
included elsewhere in this report.


Revenue
Our revenue increased by RMB48.16 million from RMB51.89 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024 to
RMB100.05 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025, representing a year-on-year increase of 92.81%.

We generate revenue from (i) provision of the System integral software solutions in hospitals; (ii) provision of the
System integral software solutions out of hospitals to individual patients; (iii) provision of research projects services to
research institutions; (iv) sales of medical AI large language model solutions; and (v) others, such as sales of hardware
embedded with the System and the related user accounts. The increase in our revenue was primarily due to (i) an
increase in the number of hospitals that purchased the System from 186 in 2024 to 205 for the six months ended June
30, 2025; (ii) an increase in the number of times patients used our System from approximately 1,800,000 times in 2024
to 2,595,554 times for the six months ended June 30, 2025; and (iii) a significant increase in the number of patients
from approximately 7,397 to 12,915 for the six months ended June 30, 2025 over the same periods who selected our
System for use in their own homes after initially using the System in hospitals.
12   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     Cost of Sales
     Our cost of sales increased from RMB27.37 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024 to RMB59.20 million for
     the six months ended June 30, 2025, representing an increase of 116.30%. The increase in our cost of sales was
     primarily due to (i) an RMB12.85 million increase in operational costs, incurred by third-party service providers that
     provide operational support in cognitive centers on our behalf; (ii) an increase in the number of cognitive centers from
     which we incurred construction costs from 107 in 2024 to 138 for the six months ended June 30, 2025, which led to
     an increase in construction and depreciation costs; and (iii) the hardware equipment procurement cost of RMB23.01
     million for the newly added medical AI large language model solutions business in the first half of the year.


     Gross Profit
     Our gross profit increased from RMB24.52 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024 to RMB40.85 million for the
     six months ended June 30, 2025, representing an increase of 66.60%. The increase in our gross profit was primarily
     due to the significant increase in sales volume of the System and the increase in the number of hospitals and patients
     that used our System.


     Other Income
     Our other income primarily consists of (i) interest income on bank balances, term deposits and restricted bank deposit;
     (ii) interest income from rental deposits; (iii) government grants related to R&D activities; and (iv) others.


     Our other income increased from RMB0.58 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024 to RMB7.28 million for the
     six months ended June 30, 2025, representing an increase of 1,155.17%. The increase in our other income was mainly
     attributable to the receipt of proceeds from the listing in 2025, which resulted in the change in average balance as
     compared to 2024, leading to the increase in interest income on bank balances and restricted bank deposit of RMB5.94
     million.


     Other Expenses and Other Gains and Losses, Net
     Our other expenses and other gains and losses, net primarily relates to fair value gains on financial assets at FVTPL.
     Our other expenses and other gains and losses, net decrease from RMB2.14 million for the six months ended June 30,
     2024 to RMB(4.42) million for the six months ended June 30, 2025, representing a decrease of 306.54%. The decrease
     in our other expenses and other gains and losses, net was primarily attributable to an increase of RMB3.26 million in
     loss on early repayment of long-term bonds in 2025 and an increase of RMB1.26 million in net foreign exchange loss.


     Fair Value Changes of Financial Liabilities at FVTPL
     Our fair value changes of financial liabilities at FVTPL primarily relates to fair value changes of our redeemable preference
     shares. Our fair value changes of financial liabilities at FVTPL changed from loss of RMB0.24 million for the six months
     ended June 30, 2024 to nil for the six months ended June 30, 2025, representing a 100% decrease. The decrease in
     our loss on fair value changes of financial liabilities at FVTPL was primarily attributable to the automatic conversion of
     redeemable preference shares into ordinary shares upon listing, which no longer involved such changes.
                                                                                                             Interim Report 2025   13




                        MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Selling and Distribution Expenses
Our selling and distribution expenses primarily consist of (i) market development and service expenses; (ii) employee
benefits expenses; (iii) depreciation and amortization expenses; (iv) share-based payments; and (v) others.


Our selling and distribution expenses increased from RMB25.38 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024 to
RMB30.45 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025, representing an increase of 19.98%. The increase in our
selling and distribution expenses was primarily attributable to an increase in market development and service expenses
driven by the increasing efforts to explore business cooperation opportunities in order to reach more hospitals and
other customers and to enhance industry recognition and awareness of our products.


Administrative Expenses
Our administrative expenses primarily consist of (i) employee benefit expenses for our administrative staff; (ii)
restructuring related expenses; (iii) depreciation and amortization expenses; (iv) professional service expenses; (v) utilities
and office expenses; (vi) share-based payments; and (vii) others.


Our administrative expenses increased from RMB28.14 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024 to RMB46.01
million for the six months ended June 30, 2025, representing an increase of 63.50%. The increase in our administrative
expenses was primarily attributable to the facts that (i) service fee increased by RMB6.45 million as compared with
the same period of last year, mainly due to other expenses related to listing activities that were not included in listing
expenses; (ii) rental and property costs increased by RMB3.46 million as compared with the same period of last year;
and (iii) share-based payments increased by RMB1.63 million during the Reporting Period mainly attributable to the
continuing amortisation of the granted share-based payments.


R&D Expenses
Our R&D expenses primarily consist of (i) staff remuneration; (ii) share-based payments; (iii) depreciation and
amortization; and (iv) technical service fee engaging external organization for development.


Our R&D expenses increased from RMB64.23 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024 to RMB68.15 million
for the six months ended June 30, 2025, representing an increase of 6.10%. The increase in our R&D expenses was
primarily due to the facts that (i) higher staff remuneration led to an increase of RMB2.23 million in R&D expenses; (ii)
share-based payments increased by RMB1.20 million during the Reporting Period mainly attributable to the continuing
amortisation of the granted share-based payments; (iii) other piecemeal procurement and reimbursement increased by
RMB0.41 million as compared with last year, representing an increase of 4.17%; and (iv) service fee and cloud service
fee increased by RMB2.25 million as compared with last year, representing an increase of 49.40%. Among them, the
cloud service fee included service fee for cloud service providers and other service fee, and increased by RMB0.84
million during the Reporting Period.
14   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     The following table sets forth a breakdown of our R&D expenses for the periods indicated:


                                                                              For the six months ended June 30,
                                                                             2025                                    2024
                                                                    RMB’000                     %           RMB’000               %


     Employee benefit expenses                                        30,640               45.0%              28,407           44.2%
     Depreciation and amortization expenses                            3,668                5.4%               5,449            8.5%
     Collaboration expense(1)                                            914                1.3%               1,300            2.0%
     Service expense                                                   6,805               10.0%               4,555            7.1%
     Procurement expenses                                             10,132               14.9%               9,726           15.2%
     Share-based payments                                             15,990               23.4%              14,794           23.0%


     Total                                                            68,149               100%               64,231           100%


     Note:

     (1)     Collaboration expenses represent sub-contracting costs in relation to clinical trials included in R&D expenses.


     Finance Costs
     Our finance costs primarily consist of (i) interest expense on long-term bond; (ii) interest on bank borrowings; and (iii)
     interest on lease liabilities.


     Our finance costs increased from RMB10.90 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024 to RMB11.98 million for
     the six months ended June 30, 2025, representing an increase of 9.82%. The increase in our finance costs was primarily
     due to the increase in interest on bank borrowings and long-term bond.


     Loss for the period
     As a result of the above, we recorded a loss of RMB126.88 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025, as compared
     to a loss of RMB114.39 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024.


     Capital Management
     The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going
     concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximize value to our shareholders
     (the “Shareholders”).


     The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic conditions and the
     risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may return capital
     to the Shareholders or issue new shares. The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements. No
     changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the six months ended June
     30, 2025.
                                                                                                         Interim Report 2025   15




                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Liquidity and Capital Resources
The Group primarily relied on capital contribution from the Shareholders, issuance of redeemable preference shares
and long-term bonds as major sources of liquidity. The Group has always adopted a prudent treasury management
policy. The Group places strong emphasis on having funds readily available and accessible and is in a stable liquidity
position with sufficient funds in standby banking facilities to cope with daily operations and meet its future development
demands for capital.


As of June 30, 2025, the current assets of the Group were RMB670.14 million, of which cash and cash equivalents
amounted to RMB287.92 million, which were primarily held in RMB, and other current assets amounted to RMB382.22
million. The Group’s cash and cash equivalents increased from RMB279.86 million for the six months ended June 30,
2024 to RMB287.92 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025, representing an increase of 2.88%. The increase
in cash and cash equivalents was mainly due to the Company receiving the proceeds from its listing.


As of June 30, 2025, the current liabilities of the Group were RMB275.33 million, including trade and other payables
of RMB34.47 million, contract liabilities of RMB13.61 million, bank and other borrowings of RMB143.10 million, long-
term bond due within one year of RMB74.34 million and lease liabilities of RMB7.22 million.


Borrowings
As of June 30, 2025, the Group had outstanding borrowings of approximately RMB143.10 million (June 30, 2024:
RMB16.13 million) which were denominated in RMB and bearing interest at fixed interest rates ranging from 2.08%
to 3.40% per annum.


Charges on Group Assets
As of June 30, 2025, there were no charges on assets of the Company (June 30, 2024: nil).
16   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     Key Financial Ratios
     The following table sets forth the key financial ratios of our Group for the dates indicated:


                                                                                        For the six months ended June 30,
                                                                                                     2025            2024


     Gross margin                                                                                  40.8%           47.3%
     Current ratio(1)                                                                                 2.4             0.7
     Average trade payables turnover days(2)                                                         15.8            52.3
     Average trade receivables turnover days(3)                                                     218.2           227.2


     Notes:


     (1)      Current ratio equals current assets divided by current liabilities as of the end of the year.


     (2)      Trade payable turnover days for a period equals the arithmetic mean of the beginning and ending trade payables
              balances divided by cost of sales for that period and multiplied by the number of days in that period.


     (3)      Trade receivable turnover days for a period equals the arithmetic mean of the beginning and ending trade
              receivable balances divided by revenue for that period and multiplied by the number of days in that period.


     Contingent Liabilities
     The Group did not have any material contingent liabilities as of June 30, 2025.
                                                                                                           Interim Report 2025   17




                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Capital Expenditure and Commitments
Our capital expenditure primarily consisted of (i) additions of property, plant and equipment; (ii) additions of right-of-
use assets; and (iii) additions of intangible assets. Our capital expenditure for the six months ended June 30, 2025 was
RMB21.55 million, compared to RMB10.27 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024. The increase was primarily
due to (i) capital expenditures related to purchase of property, plant, and equipment decreased by RMB3.16 million
as compared with last period; (ii) capital expenditures related to purchase of right-of-use assets increased by RMB5.27
million as a result of the increased demand for lease of office building; and (iii) capital expenditures related to purchase
of intangible assets increased by RMB9.17 million as compared with last period. As of June 30, 2025, we had capital
commitments of RMB0.51 million, primarily in connection with expenditures in respect of the acquisition of equipment
and machineries and renovation of leasehold properties.


Foreign Currency Risk
As at June 30, 2025, the Group mainly operated in China and a majority of its transactions were settled in RMB, the
functional currency of the Company’s primary subsidiaries.


A portion of the Group’s transactions were dominated in RMB, Hong Kong dollars, US dollars. Except for certain cash
and cash equivalents, other receivables, payables, other payables and accruals denominated in foreign currencies, the
Group did not have significant foreign exchange risk exposure from its operations during the Reporting Period. We
currently do not have a foreign currency hedging policy. However, our management continuously monitors foreign
exchange exposure and will consider hedging significant foreign currency exposure should the need arise.


Non-IFRS Measures
To supplement our consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, which are presented
in accordance with IFRS, we also use adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure) as an additional financial measure, which
is not required by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS. We believe this non-IFRS measure facilitates comparisons of
operating performance from period to period and company to company by eliminating potential impacts of certain
items. We believe this measure provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating
our consolidated results of operations in the same manner as they help our management in assessing our results of
operations. The fair value loss of financial liabilities at FVTPL is adjusted because it will cease upon the completion of
this Global Offering; share-based payments are adjusted because they are non-cash in nature. However, our non-IFRS
measure does not have a standardized meaning prescribed by IFRS, and our adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure) may
not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. The use of this non-IFRS measure has
limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation from, or as a substitute for an analysis of,
our results of operations or financial condition as reported under IFRS.


We define adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure) as loss and total comprehensive expense for the period adjusted by
adding back fair value loss of financial liabilities at FVTPL and share-based payments, both being non-cash in nature.
18   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     The following table reconciles adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure) for the periods indicated to the nearest financial
     measure calculated and presented in accordance with IFRS, which is loss and total comprehensive expense for the period:


                                                                                    For the six months ended June 30
                                                                                               2025                 2024
                                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000


     Reconciliation of loss and total comprehensive expense for
       the period to adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure)
     Loss and total comprehensive expense for the period                                    (126,881)            (114,389)


     Add:
     Fair value loss of financial liabilities at FVTPL                                             –                  243
     Share-based payments                                                                     38,859               35,304
     Adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure)                                                    (88,022)             (78,842)


     Employees and Remuneration Policy
     As of June 30, 2025, we had 174 employees in total, and all our employees were based in Mainland China. The following
     table sets forth the number of our employees categorized by function as of June 30, 2025 and June 30, 2024.


                                                                                        Number of              Number of
                                                                                      employees as           employees as
                                                                                        of June 30,           of June 30,
                                                                                              2025                  2024


     Management and Administrative                                                                31                   23
     R&D                                                                                         128                  156
     Marketing                                                                                    14                   17


     Total                                                                                       173                  196


     The total remuneration cost incurred by the Group was RMB81.65 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025, and
     RMB71.78 million for the six months ended June 30, 2024. The increase in remuneration cost was primarily attributable
     to an increase in monthly wages of staff.


     Our employees’ remuneration consists of salaries, bonuses, employees’ provident fund and social security contributions
     and other welfare payments. In accordance with applicable Chinese laws, we have made contributions to social security
     insurance funds (including pension plan, unemployment insurance, work-related injury insurance, medical insurance
     and maternity insurance), supplemental medical insurance and housing funds for our employees.
                                                                                                        Interim Report 2025   19




                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



To maintain our workforce’s quality, knowledge, and skill levels, we are committed to continuously enhancing our team’s
technical expertise, continuing education, project management capabilities and service quality with a comprehensive
training system, including periodic technical training and regular sharing of industry insight to accelerate the learning
progress and improve the knowledge and skill levels of our workforce. We also conduct training for our employees to
abide by our anti-bribery and anti-corruption compliance requirements and applicable laws and regulations to eliminate
bribery and corruption risks.


Furthermore, we provide various incentives and benefits to our employees, including competitive salaries, bonuses and
share-based payment, particularly our key employees. The Company has adopted a share award scheme on July 30,
2023. For further details, please refer to the section headed “Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme” in Appendix IV to the
prospectus of the Company dated December 30, 2024 (the “Prospectus”).


OTHER INFORMATION
Compliance with the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”)
The Company has adopted the Model Code set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct
regarding dealings in the securities of the Company by the Directors and the Company’s senior management who,
because of his/her office or employment, is likely to possess inside information in relation to the Company or its
securities.


Upon specific enquiry, all Directors confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code during the period from the
Listing Date, being January 8, 2025, to June 30, 2025. In addition, the Company is not aware of any non-compliance
of the Model Code by the employees of the Company who are likely to be in possession of inside information of the
Company during the period from the Listing Date, being January 8, 2025, to June 30, 2025.


Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries have purchased, redeemed or sold any of the Company’s listed securities
(including sale of treasury shares) since the Listing Date, being January 8, 2025, and up to June 30, 2025. As at June
30, 2025, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.


Material Litigation
The Company was not involved in any material litigation or arbitration during the six months ended June 30, 2025,
which could have a material and adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. The Directors are
also not aware of any material litigation or claims that are pending or threatened against the Company since the Listing
Date, being January 8, 2025, and up to the date of this report which could have a material and adverse effect on our
financial condition or results of operations.
20   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     Audit Committee and Auditor
     The Audit Committee has three members comprising three independent non-executive Directors, being Mr. Lam Yiu
     Por (林曉波) (chairman of the Audit Committee with the appropriate professional qualifications), Mr. Li Yuezhong (李
     月中) and Dr. Duan Tao (段濤), with terms of reference in compliance with the Listing Rules.


     The Audit Committee has considered and reviewed the interim financial results and interim report for the six months
     ended June 30, 2025, the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Company and the Group and discussed
     matters in relation to internal control, risk management and financial reporting with the management. There is no
     disagreement between the Board and the Audit Committee regarding the accounting treatment adopted by the
     Company. The Audit Committee considers that the interim financial results and interim report for the six months
     ended June 30, 2025 are in compliance with the relevant accounting standards, rules and regulations and appropriate
     disclosures have been duly made. The Audit Committee has met with the independent auditor of the Company, Deloitte
     Touche Tohmatsu, and has also discussed matters with respect to the accounting policies and practices adopted by the
     Company and internal control and financial reporting.


     CHARGE ON ASSETS
     As of June 30, 2025, there was no charge on assets of our Group (June 30, 2024: nil).


     CAPITAL EXPENDITURES AND CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
     We make capital expenditures to expand our operations, upgrade our property, plant and equipment and facilities,
     and increase our operating efficiency. We expect to incur capital expenditures primarily in relation to, among others,
     purchase of property, plant and equipment. We expect to finance such capital expenditures through a combination of
     operating cash flows, net proceeds from the Global Offering and bank and other borrowings. We also made capital
     commitment primarily in connection with expenditures in respect of the acquisition of equipment and machineries and
     leasehold improvements. Details of our capital commitments are set out in Note 25 to the financial statements.

     TREASURY POLICY
     Our management performs the treasury functions and continues to monitor our cash requirements from time to time.
     If our cash requirements exceed the liquidity we hold at the time, our Company may seek credit facilities and external
     borrowings or issue securities as it considers necessary and appropriate.
                                                                                                       Interim Report 2025   21




                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS AND MATERIAL ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES,
ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
Subscription of Wealth Management Product
On March 31, 2025, April 2, 2025, and April 3, 2025, respectively, the Company, together with the HK Subsidiary,
subscribed for the SPDBI US Dollar Money Market Fund (the “Wealth Management Product”, issued by SPDB
International Investment Management Limited, the investment scope of which does not include equity securities)
for an aggregate principal amount of US$30 million (the “Subscriptions”). The Wealth Management Product is a
non-principal-guaranteed, open-ended money market fund with floating returns and no fixed term, and with moderately
low risk.


On May 13, 2025, the HK Subsidiary redeemed US$15 million of the principal amount of the Wealth Management
Product. As such, US$15 million of the principal amount of the Wealth Management Product remained outstanding as
at June 30, 2025 and, together with the fair value gains on financial assets at FVTPL of approximately RMB1,012,000
in connection with the Wealth Management Product, translated to the financial assets at FVTPL in the amount of
approximately RMB109 million. As of the date of this report, all of the principal amounts of the Wealth Management
Product had been redeemed. The Company expects to further publish an announcement detailing the Subscriptions
in due course separately.


Saved as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2025, we did not hold any significant investments. For the Reporting Period,
we did not have material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.


FINANCIAL RATIOS
As at June 30, 2025, our gearing ratio, calculated as total borrowings divided by total equity attributable to equity
holders of the Company, was 58.03% (June 30, 2024: not applicable).


V.    PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
The following list is a summary of certain principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group, some of which are beyond
its control.


•     If we are unable to successfully complete clinical development, obtain regulatory approval and commercialize
      our product candidates, or experience significant delays in doing so, our business and financial prospects will
      be materially adversely affected.


•     If we are not able to develop and release new products that are competitive in the market, or develop successful
      enhancements or indication expansions of our System or any future products in a timely manner our products
      may become obsolete and our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely
      affected.


•     Clinical development is a lengthy, expensive and uncertain process, and unsuccessful clinical trials or procedures
      relating to products and indications under development could have a material adverse effect on our prospects.


•     Our algorithms and methodologies are complex and may contain errors or may not operate properly, which
      could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.
22   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     •       Some of our current and future products may be classified or reclassified as Class III medical devices under
             relevant PRC laws and regulations.


     •       If we are unable to develop and successfully maintain adequate sales and commercial distribution capabilities,
             our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. If we are unable to maintain and expand our
             relationships with qualified third-party service providers, or to attract, motivate and retain a sufficient number
             of qualified personnel to support our selling and distribution efforts, sales volumes or margin of our System and
             other products may be adversely affected and we may be unable to extend our market coverage and deepen
             our market penetration as contemplated.


     •       There is also no assurance that we will be able to maintain our sales, which may be adversely affected by many
             factors outside of our control.


     •       Increasingly stringent regulatory requirements could create barriers to our development and introduction of new
             products.


     •       You may lose substantially all your investments in us given the high risks and uncertainties associated with our
             business operations and the cognitive impairment DTx industry.


     •       Our relationships with customers will be subject to applicable anti-bribery, anti-kickback, fraud and abuse and
             other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, exclusion from
             government healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm and diminished profits and future
             earnings.


     However, the above is not an exhaustive list. Investors are advised to make their own judgment or consult their own
     investment advisors before making any investment in the Shares. For further details, please refer to the section headed
     “Risk Factors” in the Prospectus.
                                                                                                                      Interim Report 2025   23




                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER
                                                       INFORMATION


CHANGES IN DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION
The change in information of Directors since the publication of the Company’s 2024 annual report is as follows:


–        Mr. Li Sirui, a non-executive Director, was appointed as a non-executive director of Shouhui Group Limited, a
         company listed on the Stock Exchange (stock code: 02621), on January 9, 2025.


Save as disclosed above, there was no change in the Directors’ information since the publication of the Company’s
2024 annual report up to the date of this report which is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the
Listing Rules.

DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS ASSOCIATED
CORPORATIONS
As at June 30, 2025, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the Shares,
underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV
of the SFO), which (a) were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7
and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which he/she was taken or deemed to have under
such provisions of the SFO); or (b) were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register
referred to therein; or (c) were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model
Code, were as follows:

Interest in our Company

                                                                                                                        Approximate
                                                                                                  Number of            percentage of
Name of Director                  Capacity/Nature of interest                                   Shares held(5)         shareholding(6)


Mr. Tan(1)                        Interest in controlled corporation                            275,468,000(L)                 21.75%
                                  Interest held through voting powers entrusted                  99,104,000(L)                  7.83%
                                     by other persons
                                  Beneficial owner                                               27,129,000(L)                  2.14%
                                                                                                401,701,000(L)                 31.72%
Mr. Deng Feng(2)                  Interest in controlled corporation                            126,854,000(L)                 10.02%
Ms. Li Mingqiu(3)                 Interest in controlled corporation                            123,527,000(L)                  9.76%

Notes:

(1)      Mr. Tan is interested in (i) 275,468,000 Shares held by ZTan Limited, his controlled corporation, and (ii) a total of 99,104,000
         Shares held by Healthblooming Limited through voting powers entrusted by Healthblooming Limited.

         Mr. Tan was granted 27,129,000 Awarded Shares under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme.

(2)      Mr. Deng Feng is interested in 126,854,000 Shares held by Northern Light Strategic Fund IV L.P., Northern Light Venture Fund
         IV L.P. and Northern Light Partners Fund IV L.P.

(3)      Ms. Li Mingqiu is interested in 123,527,000 Shares held by Crusky Limited.

(4)      The letter “L” denotes the person’s long position in the Shares.

(5)      As at June 30, 2025, the Company has a total of 1,266,278,000 Shares in issue.
24   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER
     INFORMATION


     Interest in associated corporations


                                                                                                                                    Approximate
                                                                                                                                      percentage
                                                                                                                                       of interest
                                                                                                                                            in the
                                                                                                    Amount of registered               associated
     Name of Director      Nature of interest                   Associated corporations             capital/shares held              corporation


     Mr. Tan               Beneficial owner                     Beijing Yihui Technology Co. Ltd.   RMB385,936 registered capital          0.76%
                                                                  (北京益慧科技有限公司)
                                                                  (“Beijing Yihui”)
     Ms. Li Mingqiu(1)     Interest in controlled corporation   Beijing Yihui                       RMB161,653 registered capital          0.32%

     Note:

     (1)       Tianjin Tianjian Medical Technology Co. Ltd. (天津天鍵醫療科技有限公司) (“Tianjin Tianjian”) is wholly owned by Ms. Li
               Mingqiu. Therefore, Ms. Li Mingqiu is deemed to be interested in RMB161,653 registered capital of Beijing Yihui held by
               Tianjin Tianjian.


     Save as disclosed in this interim report and to the best knowledge of the Directors, as at June 30, 2025, none of the
     Directors or the chief executive of the Company has any interests and/or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares
     or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which
     were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the
     SFO (including interests and short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO)
     or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein or which
     were required, pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.
                                                                                                       Interim Report 2025   25




                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER
                                                    INFORMATION


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS ’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES
As at June 30, 2025, the following persons (other than the Directors and chief executives whose interests have been
disclosed in this report), had an interest or short position in the Shares and underlying Shares which would fall to be
disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or as recorded in the register required
to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:

Interest in our Company

                                                                                                        Approximate
Name of                                                                              Number of         percentage of
Substantial Shareholder             Capacity/Nature of interest                    Shares held(1)     shareholding(2)


ZTan Limited(3)                     Beneficial owner(3)                           275,468,000(L)                21.75%
Mr. Tan(3)(4)(5)                    Interest in controlled corporation(3)         275,468,000(L)                21.75%
                                    Interest held through voting powers            99,104,000(L)                 7.83%
                                       entrusted by other persons(4)
                                    Beneficial owner(5)                            27,129,000(L)                 2.14%
                                                                                  401,701,000(L)                31.72%
Wispirits Limited(6)                Beneficial owner(6)                           109,052,000(L)                 8.61%
Dr. Wang(6)(7)                      Interest in controlled corporation(6)         183,955,000(L)                14.53%
                                    Beneficial owner(7)                            26,946,000(L)                 2.13%
                                                                                  210,901,000(L)                16.66%
Northern Light Venture              Beneficial owner(8)                           115,729,000(L)                 9.14%
   Fund IV L.P. (“NLVF”)(8)
Northern Light Partners IV L.P.     Interest in controlled corporation(8)         126,854,000(L)                10.02%
   (“NL Partners”)(8)
Northern Light Venture              Interest in controlled corporation(8)         126,854,000(L)                10.02%
   Capital IV, Ltd.(8)
Mr. Deng Feng(8)                    Interest in controlled corporation(8)         126,854,000(L)                10.02%
Crusky Limited(9)                   Beneficial owner(9)                           123,527,000(L)                 9.76%
Ms. Li Mingqiu (李明秋)(9)             Interest in controlled corporation(9)         123,527,000(L)                 9.76%
Healthblooming Limited(10)          Beneficial owner(10)                           99,104,000(L)                 7.83%
Mr. Zhao Yujie (趙宇傑)                Interest in controlled corporation(10)         99,104,000(L)                 7.83%
   (“Mr. Zhao”)(10)
Wisdomspirit Holding                Beneficial owner(11)                           85,166,000(L)                 6.73%
   Limited(11)
Trident Trust Company (HK)          Interest in controlled corporation(11)         85,166,000(L)                 6.73%
   Limited (“Trident”)(11)
26   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER
     INFORMATION


                                                                                                                        Approximate
     Name of                                                                                       Number of           percentage of
     Substantial Shareholder                  Capacity/Nature of interest                        Shares held(1)       shareholding(2)


     Suzhou Ceyuan Fuhai                      Beneficial owner(12)                               70,525,000(L)                  5.57%
       Enterprise Management
       Partnership (Limited
       Partnership)* (蘇州策源扶海
       企業管理合夥企業(有限合
       夥)) (“Suzhou Ceyuan”)(12)
     Youchan Equity Investment                Interest in controlled corporation(12)             70,525,000(L)                  5.57%
       Fund Partnership (Limited
       Partnership)* (成都高新
       策源優產股權投資基金合
       夥企業(有限合夥)) (“Orinno
       Investment”)(12)
     Chengdu High-tech Jicui                  Interest in controlled corporation(12)             70,525,000(L)                  5.57%
       Technology Co., Limited*
       (成都高新集萃科技有限公司)
       (“Chengdu High-tech Jicui”)(12)
     Chengdu High-tech Investment             Interest in controlled corporation(12)             70,525,000(L)                  5.57%
       Group Co., Ltd.* (成都高新
       投資集團有限公司)
       (“Chengdu High-tech
       Investment”)(12)
     Chengdu High-tech Industrial             Interest in controlled corporation(12)             70,525,000(L)                  5.57%
       Development Zone Finance
       Bureau* (成都高新技術產業
       開發區國資金融局)
       (“Chengdu High-tech
       Industrial”)(12)
     CFCH(13)                                 Beneficial owner(13)                               70,143,000(L)                  5.54%
     Mr. Lv Yajun (呂亞軍)(13)                   Interest in controlled corporation(13)             70,143,000(L)                  5.54%
      (“Mr. Lv”)

     Notes:

     (1)      The letter “L” denotes the person’s long position in the Shares.

     (2)      As at June 30, 2025, the Company has a total of 1,266,278,000 Shares in issue.

     (3)      ZTan Limited was wholly owned by Mr. Tan. Therefore, Mr. Tan is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by ZTan Limited
              under the SFO.
                                                                                                                   Interim Report 2025   27




                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER
                                                     INFORMATION


(4)    Pursuant to the Voting Proxy Agreement, Mr. Tan is entitled to exercise the voting rights of the Shares held by Healthblooming
       Limited. Therefore, Mr. Tan is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Healthblooming Limited under the SFO.

(5)    Mr. Tan was granted Awards to acquire 27,129,000 Shares under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme.

(6)    Wispirits Limited was wholly owned by Dr. Wang. Therefore, Dr. Wang is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by
       Wispirits Limited under the SFO.

       Each of the shareholders of Wiseforward Limited entered into proxy arrangement with Dr. Wang respectively, to allow Dr. Wang
       to have control over the entire voting power thereof, and as such Wiseforward Limited is a controlled corporation of Dr. Wang.
       Therefore, Dr. Wang is deemed to be interested in all the interests of Wiseforward Limited in our Company under the SFO.

       Neurobright Limited was owned as to approximately by 32.82% by Dr. Wang, and each of the shareholders of Neurobright
       Limited entered into proxy arrangement with Dr. Wang respectively, to allow Dr. Wang to have control over the entire voting
       power thereof, and as such Neurobright Limited is a controlled corporation of Dr. Wang. Therefore, Dr. Wang is deemed to
       be interested in all the interests of Neurobright Limited in our Company under the SFO.

(7)    Dr. Wang was granted Awards to acquire 26,946,000 Shares under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme.

(8)    Each of Northern Light Strategic Fund IV L.P. (“NLSF”), NLVF and Northern Light Partners Fund IV L.P. (“NLPF”) is an exempted
       limited partnership established in the Cayman Islands, whose general partner is NL Partners. NL Partners is an exempted limited
       partnership established in the Cayman Islands, whose general partner is Northern Light Venture Capital IV, Ltd., a company
       controlled by Mr. Deng Feng, our non-executive Director. Therefore, each of NL Partners, Northern Light Venture Capital IV,
       Ltd. and Mr. Deng Feng is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by NLSF, NLVF and NLPF.

(9)    Crusky Limited was wholly owned by Ms. Li Mingqiu. Therefore, Ms. Li Mingqiu is deemed to be interested in the Shares held
       by Crusky Limited under the SFO.

(10)   Healthblooming Limited was owned as to approximately by 39.96% by Mr. Zhao. No other shareholder of Healthblooming
       Limited held one-third or more of the voting power therein. Therefore, Mr. Zhao is deemed to be interested in the Shares
       held by Healthblooming Limited under the SFO.

(11)   Wisdomspirit Holding Limited is a company wholly owned by Trident, the trustee of the trust set up by the Company to facilitate
       the administration of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme, of which the Company is the settlor. Therefore, Trident is deemed to
       be interested in the Shares held by Wisdomspirit Holding Limited under the SFO.

(12)   Suzhou Ceyuan will hold 5.57% in the Company. Orinno Investment is the sole limited partner which controls Suzhou Ceyuan,
       owning 99.99995% therein. Orinno Investment is in turn owned as to (i) 50% by Chengdu High-tech Jicui as a limited partner,
       a wholly-owned subsidiary of Chengdu High-tech Industrial, and (ii) 44% by Chengdu High-tech Investment as a limited
       partner, which is in turn owned as to 90% by Chengdu High-tech Industrial. Therefore, each of Orinno Investment, Chengdu
       High-tech Jicui, Chengdu High-tech Industrial and Chengdu High-tech Investment is deemed to be interested in the Shares
       held by Suzhou Ceyuan.

(13)   CFCH was wholly owned by Mr. Lv. Therefore, Mr. Lv is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by CFCH under the SFO.
28   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER
     INFORMATION


     Interest in Members of our Group


                                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                                   percentage
                                                                                                                                    of interest
                                                                                                                    Amount of            in the
                                                                                                                    registered        member
                                                                                                                   capital held          of our
     Name                                     Nature of Interest       Name of member of our Group                       (RMB)      Group (%)


     Shenyang Youyang Future                  Beneficial owner         Brain Aurora Medical Technology                 150,000            15%
       Technology Co., Ltd. (瀋陽優陽                                        (Liaoning) Co., Ltd. (腦動極光醫療科技
       未來科技有限公司)(1)                                                      (遼寧)有限公司) (“BrainAurora
                                                                         Liaoning”)(1)
     Wang Ningning (王寧寧)(1)                   Interest in controlled   BrainAurora Liaoning(1)                         150,000            15%
                                                 corporation
     Zhang Zhiwei (張志偉)(2)                    Beneficial owner         Brain Aurora Medical Technology (Shaanxi)       200,000            20%
                                                                         Co., Ltd. (“BrainAurora Shaanxi”)
                                                                         (腦動極光醫療科技(陝西)有限公司)(2)
     Beijing Ruian Enzhuo Biotechnology       Beneficial owner         Beijing Wanxiang Aurora Technology              300,000            30%
        Co., Ltd. (北京瑞安恩卓生物科技                                            Co., Ltd. (北京萬相極光科技有限公司)
        有限公司)(3)                                                         (“Wanxiang Aurora”)(3)
     Beijing Fanhai Wanxiang Technology       Interest in controlled   Wanxiang Aurora(3)                              300,000            30%
        Co., Ltd. (北京泛海萬象科技有限                    corporation
        公司)(3)
     Li Deming (李德名)(3)                       Interest in controlled   Wanxiang Aurora(3)                              300,000            30%
                                                 corporation
     Chengdu Kerui Dite Enterprise            Beneficial owner         Sichuan Huiyu Aurora Medical Technology         200,000            20%
       Management Co., Ltd. (成都克瑞                                         Co., Ltd. (四川慧譽極光醫療科技有限
       帝特企業管理有限公司)(4)                                                     公司) (“Sichuan Huiyu”)(4)
     Cao Jiaxuan (曹家宣)(4)                     Interest in controlled   Sichuan Huiyu(4)                                200,000            20%
                                                 corporation
     Wang Xiumin (王秀敏)(4)                     Interest in controlled   Sichuan Huiyu(4)                                200,000            20%
                                                 corporation
     Beijing Anyi Huidong Medical             Beneficial owner         Beijing Hongze Technology Development           428,600            30%
       Technology Co., Ltd. (北京安醫                                        Co., Ltd. (北京浤澤科技發展有限公司)
       匯動醫學科技有限公司)(5)                                                    (“Hongze Technology”) (5)
     Shoudu Huizhi Medical Technology     Interest in controlled       Hongze Technology(5)                            428,600            30%
       Outcome Transformation Academy        corporation
       (首都匯智醫療科技成果轉化研究院)              (5)
                                                                                                                     Interim Report 2025   29




                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER
                                                       INFORMATION


Notes:

(1)      BrainAurora Liaoning is owned as to (i) 85% by Beijing Zhijingling, an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,
         and (ii) 15% by Shenyang Youyang Future Technology Co., Ltd. (瀋陽優陽未來科技有限公司), which is controlled by Wang
         Ningning (王寧寧). To the best knowledge of our Directors, each of Shenyang Youyang Future Technology Co., Ltd. and
         Wang Ningning is an Independent Third Party and not a connected person at the subsidiary level, taking into account that
         BrainAurora Liaoning is an insignificant subsidiary for the purpose of Rule 14A.09 of the Listing Rules.

(2)      BrainAurora Shaanxi is owned as to (i) 80% by Beijing Zhijingling, an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and
         (ii) 20% by Zhang Zhiwei (張志偉). To the best knowledge of our Directors, Zhang Zhiwei is an Independent Third Party, and
         not a connected person at the subsidiary level, taking into account that BrainAurora Shaanxi is an insignificant subsidiary for
         the purpose of Rule 14A.09 of the Listing Rules.

(3)      Wanxiang Aurora is owned as to (i) 70% by Beijing Zhijingling, an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and
         (ii) 30% by Beijing Ruian Enzhuo Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (北京瑞安恩卓生物科技有限公司), which is wholly owned by Beijing
         Fanhai Wanxiang Technology Co., Ltd. (北京泛海萬象科技有限公司), and thus in turn controlled by Li Deming (李德名). To
         the best knowledge of our Directors, each of Beijing Ruian Enzhuo Biotechnology Co., Ltd. and Li Deming is an Independent
         Third Party, and not a connected person at the subsidiary level, taking into account that Wanxiang Aurora is an insignificant
         subsidiary for the purpose of Rule 14A.09 of the Listing Rules.

(4)      Sichuan Huiyu is a limited liability company established in the PRC on May 22, 2023. As at June 30, 2025, it is owned as to
         (i) 80% by Beijing Zhijingling, an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and (ii) 20% by Chengdu Kerui Dite
         Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. (成都克瑞帝特企業管理有限公司), a company owned as to 50% and 50% by Cao Jiaxuan (曹
         家宣) and Wang Xiumin (王秀敏) respectively. To the best knowledge of our Directors, each of Chengdu Kerui Dite Enterprise
         Management Co., Ltd., Cao Jiaxuan and Wang Xiumin is an Independent Third Party, taking consideration that Sichuan Huiyu
         is an insignificant subsidiary for purpose of Rule 14A.09 of the Listing Rules.

(5)      Hongze Technology is owned as to approximately (i) 70% by Beijing Zhijingling, an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the
         Company, and (ii) 30% by Beijing Anyi Huidong Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (北京安醫匯動醫學科技有限公司), which is
         wholly owned by Shoudu Huizhi Medical Technology Outcome Transformation Academy (首都匯智醫療科技成果轉化研究院),
         a social institute under the authority of Beijing Municipal Health Commission, a PRC government body. To the best knowledge
         of our Directors, Shoudu Huizhi Medical Technology Outcome Transformation Academy and its ultimate beneficial owner is
         an Independent Third Party, and not a connected person at the subsidiary level, taking into account that Hongze Technology
         is an insignificant subsidiary for the purpose of Rule 14A.09 of the Listing Rules.


Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2025, no person, other than the Directors and chief executives whose interests
are set out in the section headed “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares and Underlying
Shares and Debentures of the Company or any of its Associated Corporations” had an interest or short position in
the Shares or underlying Shares which would fall to be recorded in the registry required to be kept by the Company
pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.


Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities
Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries have purchased, redeemed or sold any of the Company’s listed securities
(including sale of treasury shares) during the period from the Listing Date, being January 8, 2025, to June 30, 2025.
As at June 30, 2025, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.
30   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER
     INFORMATION


     INCENTIVE PLANS ADOPTED BY THE COMPANY
     Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme
     The Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme was adopted by the Company and took effect on July 30, 2023 (the “Adoption
     Date”). The terms of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme are not subject to the provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing
     Rules as it does not involve any grant of awards by our Company to subscribe for new Shares after the Listing. All
     Awarded Shares available for grant have been granted to specific individuals under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme,
     and no further grant will be made under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme after the Listing. All the Shares underlying
     the Awards granted under the Pre-IPO Share Award have been issued to Wisdomspirit Holding Limited to hold on
     behalf and for the benefit of the specified grantees thereunder. The following is a summary of the principal terms of
     the Pre-IPO Share Award.


     (a)     Purpose
             The specific objectives of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme aims to (i) recognise and reward the contributions of
             certain eligible employees of the Group; and (ii) incentivize them for their future contribution to the continual
             operation and development of the Company.


     (b)     Eligibility
             Any individual(s) being an employee (including without limitation any executive director) (other than any
             employee(s) who is resident in a place where the grant of the Awards and/or the vesting and transfer of the
             Awards pursuant to the terms of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme is not permitted under the laws or regulations
             of such place or where in the view of the Board, compliance with applicable laws or regulations in such place
             makes it necessary or expedient to exclude such employee (the “Excluded Employee”)) of any member of the
             Group at any time during the trust period.


     (c)     Duration
             Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the Board, the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme shall be
             valid and effective for a term of ten (10) years commencing on the Adoption Date.


     (d)     Maximum Number of Shares
             Under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme, the maximum number of Awards that may be granted under the Pre-IPO
             Share Award Scheme in aggregate (excluding the Awards that have lapsed or been cancelled in accordance with
             the rules of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme) shall be 85,166,000, held or to be held by Wisdomspirit Holding
             Limited (the “HoldCo”) for the purpose of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme representing 6.73% of the total
             share capital of the Company as at the date of this interim report.
                                                                                                          Interim Report 2025   31




                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER
                                                  INFORMATION


(e)   Administration
      The Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme shall be subject to the administration of the Board in accordance with the
      rules of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme. The Board will make all determination in relation to the Pre-IPO Share
      Award Scheme. The Board may delegate the authority to administer this Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme to any
      committee thereof or any third party duly appointed thereby, including without limitation third party service
      providers and professional trustees (collectively, the “Authorized Administrators”). Any decision of the Board
      with respect to any matter arising under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme (including the interpretation of any
      provision) shall be final and binding on all parties.


(f)   Price
      Subject to the provisions of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme, the Board may, from time to time, at its absolute
      discretion select any employee (other than any Excluded Employee) for participation in the Pre-IPO Share Award
      Scheme as a selected employee (the “Selected Employee”), and grant such number of Awards to any Selected
      Employee at a consideration as the Board may determine from time to time and in such number and on and
      subject to such terms and conditions as it may in its absolute discretion determine.


(g)   Vesting
      Unless the Board determines otherwise, the Awards shall be vested according to the following schedule (the
      “Vesting Schedule”):


      (i)     30% of such Awards shall be vested on the date of the first anniversary of the Listing;


      (ii)    30% of such Awards shall be vested on the date of the second anniversary of the Listing; and


      (iii)   40% of such Awards shall be vested on the date of the third anniversary of the Listing.


      Upon the vesting of the Awards, (i) the Board may decide at its absolute discretion to send the Selected Employees
      (with a copy to the Trident Trust Company (HK) Limited (the “Trustee”)), within a reasonable time, a vesting
      notice (the “Vesting Notice”) together with such prescribed transfer documents which require the Selected
      Employee to execute to effect the vesting and transfer of the Awards and, if applicable, the cash or non-cash
      income, dividends or distributions and/or the sale proceeds of non-cash and non-scrip distributions in respect of
      those the Shares underlying the Awards, as the case may be, subject to the Selected Employees paying all tax,
      stamp duty, levies and charges applicable to such transfer to the Trustee or as the Trustee directs and complying
      with all the applicable laws and regulations. The Selected Employees shall be responsible for conducting all
      necessary filings, registration or other administrative proceedings as required by applicable laws, rules or
      regulations, including but not limited to foreign exchange registration, for their obtaining of the Awards; (ii) upon
      receipt of the Vesting Notice, the Selected Employee (or his legal representative or lawful successor, as the case
32   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER
     INFORMATION


             may be) is required to return to the Board the reply slip attached to the Vesting Notice to confirm the securities
             account details, together with the relevant duly signed transfer documents. In the event that the Board does
             not receive the reply slip and the transfer form from the Selected Employee within the period stipulated in the
             Vesting Notice, the Awards which would have otherwise vested in such Selected Employee shall be automatically
             forfeited and remain as part of the trust fund and be held by the Trustee or HoldCo. The Trustee may, under the
             Board’s instructions re-allocate or procure the HoldCo to re-allocate such Shares underlying the Awards granted
             to other Selected Employees, or in case no other Selected Employees can be identified, reallocate such Shares
             underlying the Awards granted to any other person designated by the Company; and (iii) subject to the receipt
             by the Trustee of (a) the reply slip to the Vesting Notice and transfer documents prescribed by the Trustee and
             duly signed by the Selected Employee within the period stipulated in the Vesting Notice, (b) a confirmation from
             the Board that all vesting conditions having been fulfilled, and (c) certified copies of the identification documents
             of the Selected Employee and/or the special purpose vehicle wholly owned by the Employee(s) established for
             the purpose of holding the Awards (the “SPV”) at least ten (10) business days prior to the Vesting Date, the
             Trustee shall or procure the HoldCo to transfer the relevant Awards to the relevant Selected Employee or the
             SPV as designated by the Selected Employee as soon as practicable on or after the Vesting Date and in any event
             not later than ten (10) business days after the Vesting Date.


             The Board may at its discretion, with or without further conditions, grant additional Shares out of the trust fund
             (including but not limited to the cash or non-cash income, dividends or distributions and/or the cash income
             or net proceeds of sale of non-cash and non-scrip distribution) declared by the Company or derived from such
             Shares underlying the Awards granted during the period from the grant date to the Vesting Date to a Selected
             Employee upon the vesting of any Awards. In such case the Board shall deliver a grant notice to the Selected
             Employee and the Trustee specifying the number of additional Shares and cash amount to be granted to the
             Selected Employee. The Trustee shall or shall procure the HoldCo to transfer the specified number of additional
             Shares, together with the Shares underlying the Awards granted, to the Selected Employee or the SPV as
             designated by the Selected Employee on the Vesting Date.


             The Board and/or the Authorised Administrator have absolute discretion in determining whether the vesting
             conditions applicable to a Selected Employee are satisfied. The vesting conditions include but not limited to: (i)
             the Selected Employee shall remain an employee of the Group on the relevant vesting dates; (ii) there shall be
             no occurrence of any triggering events for the surrender of the Awards; and (iii) the Selected Employee and his
             associate(s) shall not be employed by or operate or invest in any entity, during the period from the grant date
             to the relevant Vesting Dates, the business of which competes with the core business of the Group.


     (h)     Disqualification of Selected Employee
             In the event that prior to or on the Vesting Date, a Selected Employee is found to be an Excluded Employee or
             is deemed to cease to be an Employee, the relevant grant made to such Selected Employee shall automatically
             lapse forthwith and the relevant Awards shall not vest on the relevant Vesting Date but shall remain part of the
             trust fund and be held by the Trustee or the HoldCo.
                                                                                                                                                      Interim Report 2025   33




                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER
                                                                     INFORMATION


           Unless the Board determines otherwise, the unvested Awards will be deemed to have been surrendered by a
           Selected Employee upon the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) termination of employment with or
           without any cause; (ii) unsatisfactory performance leading to demotion; (iii) failure to meet performance appraisal
           rating for the previous year according to the performance appraisal rating policy of the Company (as amended
           from time to time); (iv) no renewal of the employment contract upon the expiration; or (v) any other event to
           be determined by the Board.


(i)        Voting Rights
           A Selected Employee shall not have the voting rights or any interest or rights (including the right to receive
           dividends or other distributions) in respect of the Awards prior to the Vesting Date. The Trustee shall not exercise
           the voting rights in respect of any Shares held by it under the Trust.


All the Awards available for granting under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme have been granted before the Listing and
there are no further awards available for grant pursuant to the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme since the Listing. During
the Reporting Period, details of the movements in the Awards granted under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme are as
follows pursuant to Rule 17.12 of the Listing Rules.


                                                                                 Number of Shares underlying the relevant Awards
                                             Number of                                                                     Outstanding                      Approximate
                                     outstanding Shares      Effect on the    Granted Exercised Cancelled          Lapsed       Awards                        percentage
                                          underlying the Share Subdivision during the during the during the during the            as at                     in the issued
                                     Awards granted as      and the global Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting             June 30,             Vesting        Shares
Name/Category of grantees             at January 1, 2025         offering (2)
                                                                               Period     Period      Period        Period       2025 Date of grant period immediately
                                                                                                                                     (2)




1. Directors, Chief executive or
   our Substantial Shareholders(1)
   Mr. Tan                                      27,129        27,101,871           –           –          –          –     27,129,000 July 31, 2023   Note (3)      2.14%
   Dr. Wang                                     26,946        26,919,054           –           –          –          –     26,946,000 July 31, 2023   Note (3)      2.13%


Subtotal of Directors, Chief                    54,075        54,020,925           –           –          –          –     54,075,000                               4.27%
   executive or our Substantial
   Shareholders


2. Employees                                    29,896        29,866,104           –           –          –          –     29,896,000 July 31, 2023   Note (3)      2.36%


Total                                           83,971        83,887,029           –           –          –          –     83,971,000                               6.63%
34   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER
     INFORMATION


     Notes:

     (1)        Mr. Tan is our executive Director and one of our Substantial Shareholders. Dr. Wang is one of our Substantial Shareholders.

     (2)        After the Share Subdivision and the global offering, each such Share was split into 1,000 Shares.

     (3)        The Awarded Shares granted shall vest in the following manner:

                (i)         30% of such Awarded Shares shall be vested on the date of the first anniversary of the Listing;

                (ii)        30% of such Awarded Shares shall be vested on the date of the second anniversary of the Listing; and

                (iii)       40% of such Awarded Shares shall be vested on the date of the third anniversary of the Listing.


     Use of Proceeds from the Global Offering
     The total net proceeds from the issue of the Company’s shares by the Company in its listing on the Stock Exchange
     amounted to approximately HK$501.3 million, after deducting the underwriting fees and expenses payable by the
     Company in connection with the global offering. There was no change in the intended use of net proceeds as previously
     disclosed in the Prospectus. The net proceeds from the global offering will be utilized in that same manner, proportion
     and the expected timeframe as set out in the Prospectus under the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds”.


     The following table sets forth a summary of the intended use of net proceeds and their expected timeframe of full
     utilization.


                                                                                 Use of
                                                                             proceeds
                                                                          in the same
                                                                          manner and                          Actual use      Actual use of      Net proceeds      Expected
                                                                           proportion      Net proceeds      of proceeds       proceeds as       unutilized as     timeframe for
                                                                             as stated        unutilized      during the      at the end of      at the end of     utilizing the
                                                                                 in the         as of the      Reporting     the Reporting      the Reporting      remaining unutilized
                                                                           Prospectus       Listing Date           Period             Period             Period    net proceeds
                                                                                   HK$               HK$             HK$                HK$                HK$
                                                                              in million        in million      in million         in million         in million


     Approximately 40.0% of the net proceeds is expected to be used              200.5             200.5             80.8               80.8             119.7     Expected to be fully
       for conducting further R&D activities, advancing clinical trials                                                                                              utilized by the end
       for more indications, and advancing selling and distribution                                                                                                  of 2027
       activities of our Core Product, the System;
     Approximately 16.5% of the net proceeds is expected to be used                82.7              82.7            42.4               42.4               40.3    Expected to be fully
       for helping establish new cognitive centers for more hospitals                                                                                                utilized by the end
       across China through which hospitals can use our products to                                                                                                  of 2027
       diagnose and treat patients with cognitive impairment and/or
       other disorders;
                                                                                                                                                           Interim Report 2025      35




                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER
                                                                    INFORMATION


                                                                         Use of
                                                                     proceeds
                                                                  in the same
                                                                  manner and                          Actual use      Actual use of      Net proceeds       Expected
                                                                   proportion      Net proceeds      of proceeds       proceeds as       unutilized as      timeframe for
                                                                     as stated        unutilized      during the      at the end of      at the end of      utilizing the
                                                                         in the         as of the      Reporting     the Reporting      the Reporting       remaining unutilized
                                                                   Prospectus       Listing Date           Period             Period             Period     net proceeds
                                                                           HK$               HK$             HK$                HK$                HK$
                                                                      in million        in million      in million         in million         in million


Approximately 15.0% of the net proceeds is expected to be                  75.2              75.2            20.0               20.0               55.2     Expected to be fully
  used for strengthening our capabilities in AI and related                                                                                                   utilized by the end
  technologies;                                                                                                                                               of 2026
Approximately 5.0% of the net proceeds is expected to                      25.1              25.1             3.6                3.6               21.5     Expected to be fully
  be used for accelerating the research, development and                                                                                                      utilized by the end
  commercialization of other product candidates in and beyond                                                                                                 of 2026
  our current product pipeline;
Approximately 15.0% of the net proceeds is expected to be used             75.2              75.2            15.4               15.4               59.8     Expected to be fully
  for brain science and DTx research centers in collaboration                                                                                                 utilized by the end
  with academic institutions and hospitals;                                                                                                                   of 2027
Approximately 8.5% of the net proceeds is expected to be used              42.6              42.6            12.6               12.6               30.0     Expected to be fully
  for our working capital and other general corporate purposes.                                                                                               utilized by the end
                                                                                                                                                              of 2026


Total                                                                    501.3             501.3            174.8             174.8              326.5


Interim dividend
The Board resolved not to declare any interim dividend for the Reporting Period.


Audit Committee
As at the date of this report, the Audit Committee has three members comprising Mr. Lam Yiu Por (林曉波) (chairman),
Mr. Li Yuezhong (李月中) and Dr. Duan Tao (段濤), with terms of reference in compliance with the Listing Rules.
36   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER
     INFORMATION


     The Audit Committee has reviewed and agreed with the accounting principles and practices adopted by the Group
     and has discussed matters in relation to internal controls and financial reporting with the management, including the
     review of the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial results of the Group for the six months ended June
     30, 2025. The Audit Committee considers that the interim financial results for the six months ended June 30, 2025
     are in compliance with the relevant accounting standards, rules and regulations and appropriate disclosures have been
     duly made.


     Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code
     The Company recognizes the importance of good corporate governance for enhancing the management of the Company
     as well as preserving the interests of the Shareholders as a whole. The Company has adopted and applied the principles
     and code provisions as set out in Part 2 of Corporate Governance Code contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules.


     Throughout the period from the Listing Date, being January 8, 2025, to June 30, 2025, the Company has complied
     with all the applicable code provisions as set out in the Corporate Governance Code. The Board will continue to review
     and monitor the code of corporate governance practices of the Company with an aim to maintaining a high standard
     of corporate governance.


     Model Code for Securities Transactions
     The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
     Code”) set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct regarding dealings in the securities
     of the Company by the Directors. Specific enquiries have been made to all Directors and all of them have confirmed
     that they have complied with the Model Code throughout the period from the Listing Date, being January 8, 2025,
     to June 30, 2025.


     The Company’s employees, who are likely to be in possession of inside information of the Company, have also been
     subject to the Model Code for securities transactions. No incident of non-compliance of the Model Code by the
     employees was noted by the Company throughout the period from the Listing Date, being January 8, 2025, to June
     30, 2025.


     Subsequent Event
     The Group has no significant events occurred after the Reporting Period which require additional disclosures or
     adjustments as at the date of this interim report.


     Legal Proceedings
     As of June 30, 2025, as far as the Company is aware, the Company and its subsidiaries were not involved in any
     material litigation or arbitration and no material litigation or claim of material importance was pending or threatened
     against or by the Company.
                                                                                                          Interim Report 2025   37




                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER
                                                   INFORMATION


CAUTIONARY LANGUAGE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
All statements in this report that are not historical fact or that do not relate to present facts or current conditions are
forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements express the Group’s current views, projections, beliefs and
expectations with respect to future events as of the date of this announcement. Such forward-looking statements are
based on a number of assumptions and factors beyond the Group’s control. As a result, they are subject to significant
risks and uncertainties, and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements and
the forward-looking events discussed in this announcement might not occur. Such risks and uncertainties include, but
are not limited to, those detailed under the heading “Principal Risks and Uncertainties” in our most recent annual
report and interim report and other announcements and reports made available on our corporate website, 66nao.cn.
No representation or warranty is given as to the achievement or reasonableness of, and no reliance should be placed
on, any projections, targets, estimates or forecasts contained in this report.




By order of the Board
BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited
腦動極光醫療科技有限公司
Tan Zheng
Chairman

September 26, 2025
38   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     REPORT ON REVIEW OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
     FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


     To the Board of Directors of BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited
     (incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

     INTRODUCTION
     We have reviewed the condensed consolidated financial statements of BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited (the
     “Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 39 to 65, which comprise
     the condensed consolidated statement of financial position as at June 30, 2025, and the related condensed consolidated
     statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity
     and condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the six-month period then ended, and notes to the condensed
     consolidated financial statements. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
     Limited require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant
     provisions thereof and International Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” (“IAS 34”) issued by the
     International Accounting Standards Board. The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and
     presentation of these condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with IAS 34. Our responsibility is to
     express a conclusion on these condensed consolidated financial statements based on our review, and to report our
     conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose.
     We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


     SCOPE OF REVIEW
     We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim
     Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” as issued by the Hong Kong Institute
     of Certified Public Accountants. A review of these condensed consolidated financial statements consists of making
     inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review
     procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards
     on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant
     matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.

     CONCLUSION
     Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the condensed consolidated
     financial statements are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with IAS 34.




     Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
     Certified Public Accountants

     Hong Kong
     August 28, 2025
                                                                                         Interim Report 2025   39




 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR
          LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                    For the six months ended June 30, 2025




                                                                       For the six           For the six
                                                                    months ended          months ended
                                                                         June 30,              June 30,
                                                                             2025                 2024
                                                            NOTES        RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                      (unaudited)             (audited)


Revenue                                                       4            100,051                 51,887
Cost of sales                                                              (59,200)               (27,367)


Gross profit                                                                40,851                 24,520
Other income                                                  5              7,281                    582
Other expenses and other gains and losses, net                6             (4,415)                 2,135
Fair value loss of financial liabilities at
   fair value through profit or loss (“FVTPL”)                                    –                   (243)
Impairment loss under expected credit loss (“ECL”) model,
   net of reversal                                                          (9,684)                (4,142)
Selling and distribution expenses                                          (30,445)               (25,376)
Administrative expenses                                                    (46,008)               (28,138)
Research and development expenses                                          (68,149)               (64,231)
Finance costs                                                 7            (11,975)               (10,904)
Listing expenses                                                            (2,670)                (8,592)


Loss before tax                                                           (125,214)              (114,389)
Income tax expense                                            8             (1,667)                     –


Loss and total comprehensive expense for the period           9           (126,881)              (114,389)


Loss for the period attributable to:
  Owners of the Company                                                   (126,365)              (114,328)
  Non-controlling interests                                                   (516)                   (61)


                                                                          (126,881)              (114,389)


Loss per share (RMB)                                         11
  Basic                                                                       (0.11)                 (0.13)
  Diluted                                                                     (0.11)                 (0.13)
40   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
     POSITION
     As at June 30, 2025




                                                                     As at          As at
                                                                  June 30,   December 31,
                                                                     2025           2024
                                                       NOTES      RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                               (unaudited)       (audited)


     NON-CURRENT ASSETS
      Property, plant and equipment                                23,599          23,386
      Right-of-use assets                               12         12,127          21,039
      Intangible assets                                 13         11,794           2,909
      Prepayments and other receivables                 14          4,860           4,029


                                                                   52,380          51,363


     CURRENT ASSETS
      Contract costs                                                  630             534
      Trade and other receivables and prepayments       14        171,831         134,221
      Financial assets at FVTPL                         15        109,002               –
      Restricted bank deposits                          16        100,755          69,495
      Bank balances and cash                                      287,922         343,882


                                                                  670,140         548,132


     CURRENT LIABILITIES
      Trade and other payables                          17         34,467          56,090
      Contract liabilities                                         13,606          10,075
      Tax liabilities                                                 810               –
      Receipts in advance from cornerstone investors                    –         320,971
      Lease liabilities                                             7,222          11,823
      Bank and other borrowings                         19        143,102          21,261
      Deferred income                                               1,787           1,696
      Long-term bond – due within one year              18         74,336          74,663
      Financial liabilities at FVTPL                    20              –         285,428


                                                                  275,330         782,007


     NET CURRENT ASSETS (LIABILITIES)                             394,810        (233,875)


     TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                        447,190        (182,512)
                                                                       Interim Report 2025   41




CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
                                     POSITION
                                                                     As at June 30, 2025




                                                             As at              As at
                                                          June 30,       December 31,
                                                             2025               2024
                                               NOTES      RMB’000            RMB’000
                                                       (unaudited)           (audited)


NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
 Lease liabilities                                          3,379                8,918
 Long-term bond                                 18        196,128              271,617
 Deferred income                                            1,081                  977


                                                          200,588              281,512


NET ASSETS (LIABILITIES)                                  246,602              (464,024)


CAPITAL AND RESERVES
 Share capital                                  21              1                     1
 Reserves                                                 247,488              (463,654)


Equity attributable to owners of the Company              247,489              (463,653)
  Non-controlling interests                                  (887)                 (371)


TOTAL EQUITY (DEFICITS)                                   246,602              (464,024)
42   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES
     IN EQUITY
     For the six months ended June 30, 2025




                                                                                 Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                                Shares held
                                                                                     Share-based              under Pre-IPO                                Non-
                                                     Share       Share     Capital     payments       Other Share Award Accumulated                  controlling
                                                    capital   premium      reserve       reserve    reserve         Scheme      losses      Subtotal   interests      Total
                                                   RMB’000    RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                            (Note i)                (Note ii)      (Note iii)


     At January 1, 2024 (audited)                        1       6,223 1,225,470         44,873      28,938              –*   (1,637,643)   (332,138)        (43)   (332,181)


     Loss and total comprehensive expense
       for the period                                     –          –           –             –          –               –    (114,328)    (114,328)        (61)   (114,389)
     Recognition of equity-settled share-based
       payments (Note 22)                                 –          –           –       35,304           –               –            –     35,304            –     35,304


     At June 30, 2024 (audited)                          1       6,223 1,225,470         80,177      28,938              –*   (1,751,971)   (411,162)       (104)   (411,266)


     At January 1, 2025 (audited)                        1       6,223 1,225,470        111,640      28,938              –*   (1,835,925)   (463,653)       (371)   (464,024)
     Loss and total comprehensive expense
        for the period                                    –          –           –             –          –               –    (126,365)    (126,365)       (516)   (126,881)
     Recognition of equity-settled share-based
        payments (Note 22)                                –          –           –       38,859           –               –            –     38,859            –     38,859
     Reclassification from financial liabilities
        at FVTPL (Note 20)                               –#    285,428           –             –          –               –            –    285,428            –    285,428
     Issue of shares upon the initial public
        offering (“IPO”)                                –##    539,168           –             –          –               –            –    539,168            –    539,168
     Transaction costs attributable to issue of
        new ordinary shares                               –    (25,948)          –             –          –               –            –     (25,948)          –     (25,948)


     At June 30, 2025 (unaudited)                        1     804,871 1,225,470        150,499      28,938               –   (1,962,290)   247,489         (887)   246,602


     *          The amount represents 85,166 shares of BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited (the “Company”) with a par value of
                USD0.0001 each, issued at an amount of USD8.5 (equivalent to RMB61) in August 2023.

     #
                The amount represents 95,878 Series A-1 Preferred Shares (defined in Note) of the Company with a par value of USD0.0001
                each with an amount share capital of USD9.6 (equivalent to RMB69).

     ##
                The amount represents 181,112,000 shares of the Company with a par value of USD0.0000001 each, issued at an amount
                share capital of USD18.1 (equivalent to RMB130) during in January 2025.
                                                                                                                     Interim Report 2025   43




       CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES
                                          IN EQUITY
                                                                                              For the six months ended June 30, 2025




Notes:

i.       Capital reserve represents capital contribution from certain investors of Zhejiang BrainAurora Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (浙
         江腦動極光醫療科技有限公司) (“BrainAurora Zhejiang”)) and the adjustments recognized arising from a group reorganization
         completed in 2023.

ii.      Other reserve represents the balance of equity-settled share-based payments transferred from share-based payments reserve
         upon vesting.

iii.     On August 2, 2023, a total of 85,166 shares (the “Awarded Shares”) of the Company had been allotted and issued to
         Wisdomspirit Holding Limited (“HoldCo”), a company wholly owned by Trident Trust Company (HK) Limited (“Trident”), to
         facilitate the administration of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme as defined in Note 22. The Award Shares will be held in the
         HoldCo for the relevant selected participants until such Awarded Shares are vested. Based on the arrangements among the
         Company and Trident, the Company is able to control Trident and its subsidiary HoldCo. Therefore, the Group (as defined
         in Note 1) accounts for Trident and HoldCo as consolidated structured entities. The ordinary shares of the Company held by
         HoldCo are accounted for as a debit to the Group’s reserve and are presented under the heading of “Shares held under Pre-
         IPO Share Award Scheme” in the consolidated statements of changes in equity.

*        English names are for identification purpose only.
44   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH
     FLOWS
     For the six months ended June 30, 2025




                                                                           For the               For the
                                                                 six months ended     six months ended
                                                                     June 30, 2025        June 30, 2024
                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                       (unaudited)             (audited)


     NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES                               (110,153)              (75,527)


     INVESTING ACTIVITIES
       Interest received                                                    5,782                  198
       Purchases of property, plant and equipment                          (7,523)              (9,865)
       Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                 24                   35
       Payments for rental deposits                                          (363)                   –
       Refund of rental deposit                                                 –                1,001
       Purchases of financial assets at FVTPL                            (215,810)                   –
       Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at FVTPL                107,820                    –
       Placement of restricted bank deposit                              (100,220)                   –
       Withdrawal of restricted bank deposit                               69,495               95,000
       Payments for intangible assets                                      (7,772)                (367)
       Loans to third parties                                             (18,990)                   –


     NET CASH (USED IN) FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES                        (167,557)              86,002


     FINANCING ACTIVITIES
       Proceeds from bank borrowings                                      136,872                     –
       Proceeds from issue of shares upon IPO                             218,197                     –
       Repayment of bank borrowings                                       (15,000)               (6,000)
       Payments of share issue costs                                      (19,462)               (1,152)
       Interest paid                                                       (1,054)                 (551)
       Repayment of lease liabilities                                      (6,471)               (4,487)
       Repayment of long-term bond                                        (90,000)                    –


     NET CASH FROM (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES                         223,082               (12,190)


     NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                             (54,628)              (1,715)


     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE BEGINNING OF THE PERIOD             343,882               57,577


     Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                (1,332)                  44


     CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE PERIOD                   287,922               55,906
                                                                                                        Interim Report 2025   45




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
                                       STATEMENTS
                                                                                   For the six months ended June 30, 2025




1.    GENERAL INFORMATION
      The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability under the
      Companies Law section 165 of the Cayman Islands on April 25, 2023. The address of the Company’s registered
      office is at #4-210, Governors Sq., 23 Lime Tree Bay Avenue, PO Box 32311, Grand Cayman KY1-1209, Cayman
      Islands. The principal place of business of the Company is Block A, Dongsheng Science and Technology Park
      & Fengyeyuan Digital Industry Economic Park, Zhongguancun, 135 Qinghe Road, Haidian District, Beijing, the
      People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).


      The shares of the Company have been listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
      (the “Stock Exchange”) with effect from January 8, 2025.


      The Company is an investment holding company. Its subsidiaries are principally engaged to offer cognitive
      impairment digital therapeutics (“DTx”) integral software solutions in the PRC. The Company and its subsidiaries
      are hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Group”.


      The condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional
      currency of the Company.


2.    BASIS OF PREPARATION
      The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Accounting
      Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”)
      as well as the applicable disclosure requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock
      Exchange.


3.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES
      The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for
      certain financial instruments that are measured at fair values.


      The accounting policies and methods of computation used in the condensed consolidated financial statements
      for the six months ended June 30, 2025 are the same as those presented in the Group’s annual consolidated
      financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2024.


      Application of amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards
      In the current interim period, the Group has applied the following amendments to IFRS Accounting Standard
      issued by the IASB, for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the annual period beginning on or after
      January 1, 2025 for the preparation of the Group’s condensed consolidated financial statements:


      Amendments to IAS 21                       Lack of Exchangeability


      The application of the amendments to an IFRS Accounting Standard in the current interim period has had no
      material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior periods and/or on
      the disclosures set out in these condensed consolidated financial statements.
46   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended June 30, 2025




     4.      REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
             (i)     Disaggregation of revenue


                                                                                                      For the                     For the
                                                                                            six months ended            six months ended
                                                                                                     June 30,                    June 30,
                                                                                                        2025                        2024
                                                                                                     RMB’000                    RMB’000
                                                                                                  (unaudited)                   (audited)


                     Provision of the brain function information
                        management platform software system (the “System”)
                        integral software solutions
                     In hospitals                                                                         51,780                   35,282
                     Out of hospitals                                                                     23,097                   10,544


                                                                                                          74,877                   45,826


                     Research projects                                                                        344                    5,914
                     Medical artificial intelligence (“AI”) large language model
                       solutions (Note)                                                                   24,779                         –
                     Others                                                                                   51                       147


                     Total                                                                               100,051                   51,887


                     Note:    During the current period, the Group entered into a contract to provide multiple deliverables to the customer,
                              including sales of hardware, a self-developed general medical and cognitive large-scale AI model software
                              license, installation and deployment services. Each of the deliverables mentioned above was accounted for as a
                              separate performance obligation because they have standalone functionality and are capable of being distinct.
                              Revenue from sales of hardware and software is recognized upon the receipt of customer acceptance after the
                              installation and deployment. Such acceptance is acknowledged through a signed document verifying that the
                              hardware and software are fully operational to the customer’s satisfaction. The Group also provide after-sales
                              maintenance services during the warranty period, which is considered as an assurance-type warranty. The
                              management of the Group has assessed that the financial impact of warranty are expected to be insignificant.
                                                                                                     Interim Report 2025   47




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
                                       STATEMENTS
                                                                                For the six months ended June 30, 2025




4.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
      (i)    Disaggregation of revenue (Continued)


                                                                                     For the                 For the
                                                                           six months ended        six months ended
                                                                                    June 30,                June 30,
                                                                                       2025                    2024
                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                 (unaudited)               (audited)


             Timing of recognition
             At a point in time                                                        76,903                  41,249
             Over time                                                                 23,148                  10,638


                                                                                      100,051                  51,887


             Geographical market
             Mainland China                                                           100,051                  51,887


      (ii)   Segment information
             Information reported to the executive directors, being the chief operating decision makers (the
             “CODM”) for the purpose of resources allocation and assessment of segment performance, focuses
             on types of goods or services delivered or provided. During the current period, the CODM assesses the
             operating performance and allocates resources of the Group as a whole, as all of the Group’s activities
             are considered to be primarily the provision of cognitive impairment DTx integral software solutions.
             Accordingly, the executive directors consider there is only one operating segment under the requirements
             of IFRS 8 Operating Segments. In this regard, no segment information is presented.
48   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended June 30, 2025




     4.      REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
             (ii)    Segment information (Continued)
                     Geographic information
                     The Group’s operations are mainly located in Mainland China. Information about the Group’s non-current
                     assets is presented based on the geographical location of the assets.


                                                                                            Non-current Assets

                                                                                           June 30,          December 31,
                                                                                              2025                  2024
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                        (unaudited)              (audited)


                     Mainland China                                                           42,148                44,499
                     Hong Kong and Japan                                                       8,068                 4,082


                                                                                              50,216                48,581


                     Note:    Non-current assets excluded financial instruments.


     5.      OTHER INCOME
                                                                                             For the               For the
                                                                                   six months ended      six months ended
                                                                                            June 30,              June 30,
                                                                                               2025                  2024
                                                                                            RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                         (unaudited)             (audited)


             Interest income on bank balances and restricted bank deposits                     6,317                   378
             Interest income from rental deposits                                                 59                    54
             Government grants related to research and development activities                    556                   150
             Interest income from short-term loan receivables                                    349                     –


             Total                                                                             7,281                   582
                                                                                     Interim Report 2025   49




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
                                       STATEMENTS
                                                                For the six months ended June 30, 2025




6.    OTHER EXPENSES AND OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES, NET
                                                                      For the                For the
                                                            six months ended       six months ended
                                                                     June 30,               June 30,
                                                                        2025                   2024
                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                  (unaudited)              (audited)


      Fair value gains on financial assets at FVTPL                     1,012                        –
      Losses on early repayments of long-term bond                     (3,263)                       –
      Gain on re-estimated repayments of long-term bond                     –                    2,151
      Losses on lease termination and lease modifications                (876)                      (7)
      Net foreign exchange loss                                        (1,270)                      (9)
      Others                                                              (18)                       –


      Total                                                            (4,415)                   2,135


7.    FINANCE COSTS
                                                                      For the                For the
                                                            six months ended       six months ended
                                                                     June 30,               June 30,
                                                                        2025                   2024
                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                  (unaudited)              (audited)


      Interest expense on long-term bond                               10,921                  10,353
      Interest on bank borrowings                                         759                     365
      Interest on lease liabilities                                       295                     186


      Total                                                            11,975                  10,904
50   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended June 30, 2025




     8.      INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                                                                               For the                  For the
                                                                                     six months ended         six months ended
                                                                                              June 30,                 June 30,
                                                                                                 2025                     2024
                                                                                              RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                           (unaudited)                (audited)


             Current tax:
               PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                           1,577                       –
             Under provision in respect of prior period:
               PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                               90                      –


             Total                                                                                 1,667                       –


             The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands and is exempted from income tax.


             No Hong Kong profit tax was provided for as there was no estimated assessable profit of the Group’s Hong
             Kong subsidiary that was subject to Hong Kong profit tax.


             Beijing Zhijingling Technology Co., Ltd.* (北京智精靈科技有限公司) (“Beijing Zhijingling”) has been accredited
             as a High and New Technology Enterprise (“HNTE”) by the Beijing Municipal Science & Technology Commission
             and relevant authorities in December 2019 for a term of three years ended December 2022. The HNTE
             qualification of Beijing Zhijingling was further renewed and extended to December 2025. Beijing Zhijingling
             was subject to a preferential income tax rate of 15% from December 2019 to December 2025. Pursuant to the
             notice of the Ministry of Finance and the State Administration of Taxation on extending the loss carrying forward
             period of HNTE and high-tech small and medium enterprises (Cai Shui 2018 No. 76), with effect from January 1,
             2018, for qualified HNTE and high-tech small and medium enterprises, the unutilized tax losses incurred in the
             previous 5 years can be utilized in 10 years from the year of loss. The unutilized tax losses of Beijing Zhijingling
             incurred since year 2014 will be expired in 10 years from the year of loss.

             *       English names are for identification purpose only.
                                                                                                 Interim Report 2025   51




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
                                       STATEMENTS
                                                                            For the six months ended June 30, 2025




9.    LOSS FOR THE PERIOD
                                                                                 For the                 For the
                                                                       six months ended        six months ended
                                                                                June 30,                June 30,
                                                                                   2025                    2024
                                                                                RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                             (unaudited)               (audited)


      Loss for the period has been arrived at after charging:
      Staff costs, including directors’ remuneration
        – salaries and other allowances                                            39,006                  33,031
        – retirement benefits                                                       3,787                   3,446
        – equity-settled share-based payments included in selling
             and distribution expenses                                              7,138                    6,404
        – equity-settled share-based payments included in
             administrative expenses                                               15,731                  14,106
        – equity-settled share-based payments included in research
             and development expenses                                              15,990                  14,794


      Total staff costs                                                            81,652                  71,781


      Listing expenses                                                              2,670                    8,592


      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                 6,607                    8,642
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                           5,495                    3,938
      Amortization of intangible assets                                               549                      869


      Total depreciation and amortization                                          12,651                  13,449


      Short-term lease expense                                                         59                       65


10.   DIVIDENDS
      No dividends were paid, declared or proposed during the interim period. The directors of the Company have
      determined that no dividend will be paid in respect of the interim period.
52   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended June 30, 2025




     11.     LOSS PER SHARE
             The calculation of the basic and diluted loss per share attributable to owners of the Company is based on the
             following data:


                                                                                           For the                 For the
                                                                                 six months ended        six months ended
                                                                                          June 30,                June 30,
                                                                                             2025                    2024
                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                       (unaudited)               (audited)


             Loss
             Loss for the period attributable to owners of the Company                     (126,365)             (114,328)


                                                                                           For the                 For the
                                                                                 six months ended        six months ended
                                                                                          June 30,                June 30,
                                                                                              2025                   2024
                                                                                            Shares                  Shares
                                                                                             (’000)                  (’000)
                                                                                       (unaudited)               (audited)


             Number of shares
             Weighted average number of Ordinary Shares (defined in Note 2
               to the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for
               the year ended December 31, 2024) for the purpose of basic
               and diluted loss per share                                                 1,170,400               904,122


             The weighted average number of Ordinary Shares for the purpose of calculating basic loss per share for the six
             months ended June 30, 2025 has been determined on the assumptions that the Share Subdivision as set out in
             Note 21 had been effective since January 1, 2025 and the ordinary shares issued to HoldCo are not treated as
             outstanding Ordinary Shares and excluded in the calculation of basic loss per share.
                                                                                                      Interim Report 2025   53




 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
                                   STATEMENTS
                                                                                 For the six months ended June 30, 2025




11.   LOSS PER SHARE (CONTINUED)
      The weighted average number of Ordinary Shares for the purpose of calculating basic loss per share for the six
      months ended June 30, 2024 has been determined on the assumptions that the Share Subdivision as set out
      in Note 21 had been effective since January 1, 2024 and the Series A-1 Preferred Shares (defined in Note 20)
      and the ordinary shares issued to HoldCo are not treated as outstanding Ordinary Shares and excluded in the
      calculation of basic loss per share.


      For the purpose of calculation of diluted loss per share for the six months ended June 30, 2025 and 2024, it did
      not take into account the effect of the share awards of the Company since the assumed vesting would result
      in a decrease in loss per share.


12.   RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
      During the current interim period, the Group entered into several new lease agreements with lease terms ranged
      from 2 to 3 years. On date of lease commencement, the Group recognized right-of-use assets of RMB5,273,000
      (six months ended June 30, 2024: nil).


      In April 2025, the Group early terminated a lease with the lessor. The Group derecognized the rental deposit of
      RMB1,060,000, right-of-use assets of RMB8,690,000 and lease liabilities of RMB8,874,000, resulting in a loss
      of RMB876,000 in profit or loss. During the six months ended June 30, 2024, the Group remeasured the lease
      liabilities of RMB1,408,000 and right-of-use assets of RMB1,415,000 due to a reduction of the leased space and
      recognized the difference of RMB7,000 in profit or loss.


13.   INTANGIBLE ASSETS
      During the current interim period, the Group’s intangible assets increased by RMB5,189,000 for acquisition
      of a data package and RMB4,245,000 for a software under development (six months ended June 30, 2024:
      RMB267,000 for acquisition of a software).
54   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended June 30, 2025




     14.     TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS
                                                                                                        As at                    As at
                                                                                                     June 30,             December 31,
                                                                                                        2025                     2024
                                                                                                     RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                  (unaudited)                 (audited)


             Trade receivables                                                                         135,921                  105,312
             Less: allowance for credit losses                                                         (22,055)                 (12,371)


                                                                                                       113,866                    92,941


             Prepayments to suppliers and service providers                                              26,463                   19,453
             Short-term loan receivables (Note)                                                          23,717                    4,400
             Rental deposits                                                                              3,479                    4,117
             Value added tax recoverable                                                                  2,356                    1,541
             Prepayments for purchase of intangible assets                                                1,939                      101
             Receivables from third party payment platforms                                               1,677                    2,879
             Prepayments for purchase of property, plant and equipment                                      757                    1,146
             Other deposits                                                                                 506                      616
             Advances to a related party                                                                      –                    2,059
             Deferred share issue costs                                                                       –                    8,206
             Others                                                                                       1,931                      791


             Total                                                                                     176,691                  138,250


             Analyzed as:
               Non-current                                                                               4,860                    4,029
               Current                                                                                 171,831                  134,221


             Total                                                                                     176,691                  138,250


             Trade and other receivables and prepayments denominated in:
               USD                                                                                      14,667                        –
               RMB                                                                                     162,024                  138,250


                                                                                                       176,691                  138,250


             Note:   These receivables were short-term loans to non-related parties, with fixed interest rates from nil to 5.6% per annum,
                     and repayable within one year. The amounts of RMB3,000,000 and USD2,000,000 (equivalent to RMB14,667,000)
                     are guaranteed by third parties and the remaining is unsecured.
                                                                                                       Interim Report 2025   55




 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
                                   STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2025




14.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
      Before accepting any new customer, the Group uses an internal credit scoring system to assess the potential
      customer’s credit quality and defines credit limits by customer. The Group allows a credit period of 30 to 180
      days to its customers. The following is an aged analysis of trade receivables, net of allowance for credit losses,
      presented based on the respective revenue recognition dates at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                          As at                 As at
                                                                                       June 30,          December 31,
                                                                                          2025                  2024
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                    (unaudited)              (audited)


      Trade receivables
      0~90 days                                                                          35,752                  33,425
      91~180 days                                                                        22,169                  18,545
      181~270 days                                                                       26,240                  14,654
      271~360 days                                                                        6,423                  10,546
      361~720 days                                                                       22,495                  15,771
      >720 days                                                                             787                       –


      Total                                                                             113,866                  92,941


      As at June 30, 2025, included in the Group’s trade receivables balance are debtors with aggregate carrying
      amount of RMB95,288,000 (December 31, 2024: RMB78,845,000) which are past due as at the reporting date.
      Out of the past due balances, RMB65,978,000 (December 31, 2024: RMB51,094,000) has been past due 90
      days or more and is not considered as in default because the customers are mainly state-owned hospitals or
      state-owned universities which are with high credit ratings and frequently repay after due dates but usually
      settle the amounts in full and the amounts are still considered recoverable.
56   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended June 30, 2025




     15.     FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FVTPL
                                                                                            As at                 As at
                                                                                         June 30,          December 31,
                                                                                            2025                  2024
                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                      (unaudited)              (audited)


             Financial assets at FVTPL                                                     109,002                     –


             The Group invested in financial products managed by a bank in Hong Kong which can be redeemed at any time
             or at maturity. There is no predetermined or guaranteed return for each product. Such financial products are
             accounted for as financial assets at FVTPL under IFRS 9.


     16.     RESTRICTED BANK DEPOSITS
                                                                                            As at                 As at
                                                                                         June 30,          December 31,
                                                                                            2025                  2024
                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                      (unaudited)              (audited)


             Restricted bank deposits                                                      100,755                69,495


             The restricted bank deposit carries interest rate of 4.23% per annum as at June 30, 2025. Restricted bank
             deposits amounted to USD14,000,000 (equivalent to RMB100,220,000) have been pledged to secure a bank
             borrowing of RMB90,000,000 as disclosed in Note 19 which will mature on May 15, 2026 bearing interest rate
             of 3.23% per annum.


             The restricted bank deposit carries interest at prevailing market rate of 0.10% per annum as at December 31,
             2024 and withdrawal from the account is subject to endorsement of Shaoxing Binhai New Area Biomedical
             Industry Equity Investment Fund Partnership (LP)* (紹興濱海新區生物醫藥產業股權投資基金合夥企業(有限合夥))
             (“Shaoxing Fund”), the details of which is set out in Note 18. The restriction of withdrawal endorsement was
             waived on January 14, 2025.

             *       English names are for identification purpose only.
                                                                                                                   Interim Report 2025   57




 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
                                   STATEMENTS
                                                                                           For the six months ended June 30, 2025




17.   TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                                   As at                    As at
                                                                                                June 30,             December 31,
                                                                                                   2025                     2024
                                                                                                RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                             (unaudited)                 (audited)


      Trade payables                                                                                6,914                     3,419
      Accrued salaries and other allowances                                                         5,046                    10,259
      Refund payables (Note)                                                                        1,435                     3,242
      Deposits for the hardware for cognitive training out of hospital                             10,016                     7,043
      Payables for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                                       197                     1,265
      Accrued listing expenses and share issue costs                                                    –                    25,255
      Other tax payables                                                                            1,709                     1,860
      Payables for research and development activities                                              1,731                     1,353
      Payables for purchase of intangible assets                                                    3,500                         –
      Others                                                                                        3,919                     2,394


                                                                                                   34,467                    56,090


      Note:   In December 2020, the Group terminated certain contracts relate to sales of the System with distributors and a contract
              relate to service for software development. These balances represent refundable prepayments received from distributors
              and customer and agreed compensation for the early termination of contracts.


      The credit period granted by service providers is generally within 30 days. The following is an aged analysis of
      trade payables based on the date when service provided at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                                   As at                    As at
                                                                                                June 30,             December 31,
                                                                                                   2025                     2024
                                                                                                RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                             (unaudited)                 (audited)


      Trade payables within 1 year                                                                   6,914                     3,419
58   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended June 30, 2025




     18.     LONG-TERM BOND
                                                                                                   As at                   As at
                                                                                                June 30,            December 31,
                                                                                                   2025                    2024
                                                                                                RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                             (unaudited)                (audited)


             Carrying amounts repayable:
               Within one year                                                                     74,336                  74,663
               Between two to five years                                                          196,128                       –
               More than five years                                                                     –                 271,617


                                                                                                  270,464                 346,280




             Less: Amounts due within one year shown under current liabilities                    (74,336)                (74,663)


             Amounts shown under non-current liabilities                                          196,128                 271,617


             In July 2021, BrainAurora Zhejiang, entered into a long-term bond subscription agreement and a supplementary
             agreement with Shaoxing Fund. The aggregate subscription amount was RMB300 million. The long-term bond
             carries nominal interests of 6% per annum and will mature on the fifth anniversary of a qualified IPO of the
             Group. BrainAurora Zhejiang shall pay the nominal interest of 6% per annum calculated on a simple basis up
             to December 31, 2025 no later than December 31, 2025. The principal and the interest from January 1, 2026
             to the maturity date shall be settled within seven working days from the maturity date. The total subscription
             amount of RMB300 million was received in August 2021. The Shaoxing Fund may exercise its conversion option in
             relation to the long-term bond of no more than RMB100 million before the submission of the listing application
             with no later than December 31, 2025 and the conversion price is subject to further negotiation between the
             Shaoxing Fund and BrainAurora Zhejiang. The long-term bond includes conversion option that do not meet equity
             instrument classification by applying IAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation. The host debt component is
             measured at amortized cost and the derivative component of the conversion option is measured at fair value.
             Since there is no specific conversion price in the agreement, the fair value of the conversion option is considered
             nil. Therefore, the financial liability is measured at amortized cost and the effective interest rate calculated after
             taking into account of nominal interest rate and other directly related issue costs is 6.23%.
                                                                                                       Interim Report 2025   59




 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
                                   STATEMENTS
                                                                                  For the six months ended June 30, 2025




18.   LONG-TERM BOND (CONTINUED)
      In June 2023, the Group and Shaoxing Fund signed a supplementary agreement, pursuant to which the
      conversion right, and the original guarantee obligation of certain shareholders and their close family members
      and friends were cancelled. The Group set up a new bank account and made deposits of RMB300,000,000 to
      this account as at June 30, 2023 according to above supplementary agreement and the withdrawal from the
      account is subject to approval of Shaoxing Fund. The restriction of withdrawal endorsement was waived on
      January 14, 2025. In June 2025, BrainAurora Zhejiang and Shaoxing Fund signed a supplementary agreement,
      pursuant to which all early repaid principal before December 31, 2025 will cease to accrue interest from the date
      of repayment. BrainAurora Zhejiang repaid the principal of RMB90,000,000 to Shaoxing Fund on June 27, 2025.


19.   BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS
                                                                                         As at                  As at
                                                                                      June 30,           December 31,
                                                                                         2025                   2024
                                                                                      RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                   (unaudited)               (audited)


      Other borrowing (Note i)                                                           7,158                    7,189
      Bank borrowings (Note ii)                                                        135,944                   14,072


                                                                                       143,102                   21,261




      Bank and other borrowings denominated in:
        USD                                                                              7,158                    7,189
        RMB                                                                            135,944                   14,072


                                                                                       143,102                   21,261
60   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended June 30, 2025




     19.     BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS (CONTINUED)
             Notes:

             i.       In December 2022, BrainAu Medical Technology (Delaware) Co., LLC (“BrainAu (Delaware)”), a subsidiary of the
                      Group, entered into a financing agreement with China Frontier Capital Holding Ltd., a shareholder of the Group.
                      According to the original financing agreement, the borrowing amounted to USD1 million and is interest free and is
                      due after the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approves the Section 510(k) registration for the Cognitive Impairment
                      Assessment Software and Cognitive Impairment Treatment Software in the United States of America. During the current
                      period, the payment term of the borrowing has been modified to payable no later than December 2025.

             ii.      During the current period, the Group obtained certain new bank borrowings. The interest rate of the bank borrowings
                      as at June 30, 2025 ranged from 2.08% to 3.40% (December 31, 2024: 3.00% to 5.00%) per annum. Bank borrowing
                      of RMB90,000,000 was secured by bank deposits amounted to USD14,000,000 (equivalent to RMB100,220,000) as
                      disclosed in Note 16. The rest of bank borrowings of RMB45,944,000 are unsecured and unguaranteed.


     20.     FINANCIAL LIABILITIES AT FVTPL
                                                                                                         As at                    As at
                                                                                                      June 30,             December 31,
                                                                                                         2025                     2024
                                                                                                      RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                                   (unaudited)                 (audited)


             Series A-1 Preferred Shares                                                                        –                285,428


             On July 30, 2023, as part of the reorganization, the Company issued 95,878 series A-1 preferred shares (“Series
             A-1 Preferred Shares”) which had preferential rights including liquidation preferences, anti-dilution right and
             redemption right and has been designated as financial liabilities at FVTPL on initial recognition. The Series A-1
             Preferred Shares have been automatically converted to 95,878,000 ordinary shares upon listing on January 8,
             2025 and were reclassified from financial liabilities to equity at their fair value of RMB285,428,000.
                                                                                                                   Interim Report 2025   61




 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
                                   STATEMENTS
                                                                                            For the six months ended June 30, 2025




21.   SHARE CAPITAL
                                                                                      Number of shares               Share capital
                                                                                                                             USD


      Ordinary shares
      Ordinary shares of USD0.0000001 each                                              500,000,000,000                      50,000
      Authorized
      As at January 1, 2024, June 30, 2024 and January 1, 2025                              499,904,122                      49,990
      Reclassification of Series A-1 Preferred Shares (Note 20)                                  95,878                          10
      Share Subdivision (Note i)                                                        499,500,000,000                           –


      As at June 30, 2025                                                               500,000,000,000                      50,000


      Issued and fully paid
      As at January 1, 2024, June 30, 2024 and January 1, 2025                                   989,288                           99
      Reclassification of Series A-1 Preferred Shares (Note 20)                                   95,878                           10
      Share Subdivision (Note i)                                                           1,084,080,834                            –
      Issue of shares upon the IPO (Note ii)                                                 181,112,000                           18


      As at June 30, 2025                                                                  1,266,278,000                         127


                                                                                                    As at                   As at
                                                                                                 June 30,            December 31,
                                                                                                    2025                    2024
                                                                                                 RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                              (unaudited)                (audited)


      Presented as                                                                                         1                        1


      Notes:

      i.       Pursuant to the written resolutions of all shareholders of the Company passed on December 24, 2024, each share in
               the then issued and unissued share capital with par value of USD0.0001 each has been split into 1,000 shares of the
               corresponding class with nominal value of USD0.0000001 each effective upon listing (the “Share Subdivision”).

      ii.      On January 8, 2025, 181,112,000 ordinary shares with par value of USD0.0000001 each of the Company were issued
               at the offer price of HKD3.22 per share by way of public offer resulting in an increase of the share capital of USD18.1
               (equivalent to approximately RMB130). An amount of RMB539,168,000, being the excess of the consideration received
               of HKD583,181,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB539,168,000, RMB320,971,000 of which was received as receipts
               in advance from cornerstone investors as at December 31, 2024) over the par value of the ordinary shares of RMB130,
               was credited to share premium. On the same date, the Company’s shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock
               Exchange.
62   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended June 30, 2025




     22.     SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS
             On July 30, 2023 (the “Adoption Date”), the Company adopted a pre-IPO share award scheme (the “Pre-IPO
             Share Award Scheme”) to recognize and reward the contributions of certain eligible employees of the Group,
             and incentivize them for their future contribution to the continual operation and development of the Company.
             Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the board of directors, the Pre-IPO Share Award
             Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of 10 years commencing on the Adoption Date.


             Under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme, the maximum number of awards that may be granted under the Pre-
             IPO Share Award Scheme in aggregate (excluding the awards that have lapsed or been cancelled in accordance
             with the rules of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme) shall be 85,166 shares held or to be held by HoldCo for the
             purpose of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme.


             On July 31, 2023, the Company granted 85,166 Awarded Shares under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme to
             46 grantees (including directors, members of the senior management, and other employees of the Group) (the
             “Pre-IPO Share Award”). Included in the Pre-IPO Share Award, 27,129 Awarded Shares were granted to Mr.
             Tan Zheng, 26,946 Awarded Shares were granted to Dr. Wang Xiaoyi, 15,163 Awarded Shares were granted
             to the other three senior managements and the remaining 15,928 Awarded Shares were granted to other
             employees. Subject to the consummation of the listing of the Company’s shares (the “Listing”) and if certain
             performance and service conditions are met, the Awarded Shares granted shall vest in the following manner:
             30% of such Awarded Shares shall be vested on the date of the first anniversary of the Listing; 30% of such
             Awarded Shares shall be vested on the date of the second anniversary of the Listing; and 40% of such Awarded
             Shares shall be vested on the date of the third anniversary of the Listing. During the current period, Dr. Wang
             Xiaoyi resigned as executive director, chief executive officer and chief research officer of the Group, with effect
             from June 19, 2025. Dr. Wang Xiaoyi continues to serve as a consultant to the Group and the 26,946 Awarded
             Shares granted are not forfeited.


             The following table discloses movements of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme:


                                                            Outstanding                                          Outstanding
                                                                   as at          Granted          Forfeited            as at
                                                             January 1,         during the        during the         June 30,
             Category                                              2025             period            period            2025


             Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme                           83,971                  –                 –           83,971


                                                             Outstanding                                           Outstanding
                                                                    as at          Granted          Forfeited             as at
                                                              January 1,         during the        during the         June 30,
             Category                                              2024              period            period            2024


             Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme                           85,166                  –                 –           85,166
                                                                                                                  Interim Report 2025   63




 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
                                   STATEMENTS
                                                                                           For the six months ended June 30, 2025




22.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      The fair value of each Award Share was RMB3,222.98 which was determined based on the price of the
      Company’s ordinary shares at the grant date.


      The Group recognized a share award expense of RMB38,859,000 in respect of the Pre-IPO Share Award during
      the six months ended June 30, 2025 (the six months ended June 30, 2024: RMB35,304,000).

23.   FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
      Some of the Group’s financial instruments are measured at fair value for financial reporting purposes. In
      estimating the fair value, the management of the Group uses market-observable data to the extent it is available.
      Where Level 1 inputs are not available, the management of the Group determines the appropriate valuation
      techniques and inputs for fair value measurements and works closely with the qualified valuer to establish the
      appropriate valuation techniques and inputs to the model.


      Except for financial assets at FVTPL and financial liabilities at FVTPL as set out below, there is no financial
      instrument measured at fair value on a recurring basis.

                                                                Fair value
                                                             as at             as at
                                                          June 30,     December 31,     Fair value       Valuation
                                                             2025             2024      hierarchy        techniques
                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                       (unaudited)         (audited)


      Financial asset
      Financial assets at FVTPL                            109,002                  –   Level 2          Redemption value
                                                                                                           quoted by banks


      Financial liability
      Series A-1 Preferred Shares                                  –         285,428    Level 2          Market approach, based
                                                                                                          on recent transaction
                                                                                                          price (Note)


      Note:   In estimating the fair value, the Directors adopted the valuation technique which maximizes the use of observable data
              to the extent it is available and minimizes the use of unobservable inputs. The fair value of the Series A-1 Preferred
              Shares at December 31, 2024 was determined with reference to the offer price in the prospectus of the Company
              dated December 30, 2024.


      The Directors consider that the carrying amounts of financial assets and financial liabilities recorded at amortized
      cost in the consolidated financial statements approximate their respective fair values at the end of reporting
      period except for the long-term bond, of which the fair value is expected to be less than the carrying amount.
64   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     For the six months ended June 30, 2025




     24.     RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS
             a.      Name and relationship


                     Name                     Relationship


                     Mr. Tan Zheng            Executive Director of the Company


             b.      The Group had the following related party transactions and related parties balance during the six months
                     ended June 30, 2025 and 2024:


                                                                                              As at                 As at
                                                                                           June 30,          December 31,
                                                                                              2025                  2024
                                                                                           RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                        (unaudited)              (audited)


                     Advances to a related party
                     Non-trade nature
                       Mr. Tan Zheng                                                                –                2,059


                     The maximum amount outstanding during the six months ended June 30, 2025 was RMB2,059,000.
                     Advances to a related party are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand.


             c.      Compensation of key management personnel
                     The emoluments of key management during the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                                            For the                 For the
                                                                                  six months ended        six months ended
                                                                                           June 30,                June 30,
                                                                                              2025                    2024
                                                                                           RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                        (unaudited)               (audited)


                     Short-term employee benefits                                              7,378                 2,123
                     Retirement benefits                                                         156                   160
                     Equity-settled share-based payments                                      32,470                30,503


                                                                                              40,004                32,786
                                                                              Interim Report 2025   65




 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
                                   STATEMENTS
                                                         For the six months ended June 30, 2025




25.   CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
                                                               As at                 As at
                                                            June 30,          December 31,
                                                               2025                  2024
                                                            RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                         (unaudited)              (audited)




      Capital expenditure contracted but not provided
        for in respect of acquisition of equipment and
        machineries and leasehold improvements                    506                     860
66   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS



     All statements in this report that are not historical fact or that do not relate to present facts or current conditions are
     forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements express the Group’s current views, projections, beliefs
     and expectations with respect to future events as of the date of this report. Such forward-looking statements are based
     on a number of assumptions and factors beyond the Group’s control. As a result, they are subject to significant risks
     and uncertainties, and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements and the
     forward-looking events discussed in this report might not occur. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited
     to, those detailed under the heading “Principal Risks and Uncertainties” in our most recent annual report and interim
     report and other announcements and reports made available on our corporate website, 66nao.cn. No representation
     or warranty is given as to the achievement or reasonableness of, and no reliance should be placed on, any projections,
     targets, estimates or forecasts contained in this report.
                                                                                              Interim Report 2025   67




                                                                                   DEFINITIONS



“AI”                              artificial intelligence

“ADHD”                            attention deficit hyperactivity disorder

“ADHD Software”                   Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder Assessment and Treatment Software

“Articles of Association” or      the third amended and restated articles of association of our Company
  “Articles”                      adopted by special resolution on December 24, 2024, with effect upon the
                                  Listing Date, as amended from time to time

“associate(s)”                    has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

“Audit Committee”                 the audit committee of the Board

“Award(s)”                        an award of the Awarded Shares by the Board pursuant to the Pre-IPO Share
                                  Award Scheme

“Awarded Share(s)”                the Shares awarded by our Company pursuant to the Pre-IPO Share Award
                                  Scheme

“BCAT”                            Basic Cognitive Testing Software

“Board” or “Board of Directors”   the board of directors of our Company

“BrainAurora Zhejiang”            Zhejiang BrainAurora Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (浙江腦動極光醫療科技
                                  有限公司), a limited liability company established in the PRC on September
                                  21, 2012 and directly wholly owned by WFOE, being one of our Major
                                  Subsidiaries

“BVI Subsidiary”                  BrainAurora Limited, a business company with limited liability incorporated
                                  in the British Virgin Islands on April 28, 2023 and directly wholly owned by
                                  our Company

“CCBT”                            Computerized Cognitive Behavioral Therapy

“CDDCI”                           Child development deficiency induced cognitive impairment

“CE mark”                         the mark appears on products signify that products sold in the European
                                  Economic Area have been assessed to meet high safety, health, and
                                  environmental protection requirements

“CEO”                             chief executive officer of our Company

“CG Code”                         the “Corporate Governance Code” as contained in Appendix C1 to the
                                  Listing Rules
68   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     DEFINITIONS



     “China”, “Mainland China” or             People’s Republic of China, but for the purpose of this interim report and
       “PRC”                                  for geographical reference only and except where the context requires
                                              otherwise, references in this interim report to “China” and the “PRC” do
                                              not apply to Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan

     “Class II Medical Device”                devices that have a moderate to high risk to the patient and/or user

     “close associate(s)”                     has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

     “Companies (Winding Up and               the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance
       Miscellaneous Provisions)              (Chapter 32 of the Laws of Hong Kong) as amended, supplemented or
       Ordinance”                             otherwise modified from time to time

     “Companies Act” or “Cayman               the Companies Act, Cap. 22 (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands
       Companies Act”

     “Companies Ordinance”                    the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong) as
                                              amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

     “Company” or “our Company”               BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited (腦動極光醫療科技有限公司), an
                                              exempted company with limited liability incorporated under the laws of the
                                              Cayman Islands on April 25, 2023

     “Compliance Adviser”                     SPDB International Capital Limited, our compliance adviser

     “connected person(s)”                    has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

     “connected transaction(s)”               has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

     “Controlling Shareholder(s)”             has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules and unless the
                                              context otherwise requires, refers to Mr. Tan, Dr. Wang, together with
                                              their respective close associates, namely ZTan Limited, Wispirits Limited,
                                              Wiseforward Limited and Neurobright Limited

     “core connected person(s)”               has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

     “Core Product”                           has the meaning ascribed to it in Chapter 18A of the Listing Rules; for the
                                              purpose of this interim report, our Core Product refers to the System

     “DD”                                     Developmental dyslexia

     “Director(s)” or “our Director(s)”       the directors of our Company, including all executive, non-executive and
                                              independent non-executive Directors
                                                                                            Interim Report 2025   69




                                                                                 DEFINITIONS



“DNN”                           deep neutral networks

“Dr. Wang”                      Dr. Wang Xiaoyi (王曉怡), a Controlling Shareholder

“DSS”                           Dyslexia Supplemental Screening and Assessment Software

“DTx”                           digital therapeutics

“ESG”                           environmental, social and governance; a collection of corporate performance
                                evaluation criteria that assess the robustness of a company’s governance
                                mechanisms and its ability to effectively manage its environmental and
                                social impacts

“Group”, “our Group”, “our”,    our Company and all of our subsidiaries or, where the context so requires,
  “we” or “us”                  in respect of the period before our Company became the holding company
                                of its present subsidiaries, the businesses operated by such subsidiaries or
                                their predecessors (as the case may be)

“HK$”                           Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“Hong Kong”                     the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“Hong Kong Stock Exchange” or   The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
  “Stock Exchange”

“HK Subsidiary”                 BrainAurora (HK) Medical Technology Limited, a limited company
                                incorporated in Hong Kong on May 11, 2023 and directly wholly owned
                                by BVI Subsidiary

“Hunan MPA”                     Hunan Medical Products Administration

“ISO 13485”                     a set of requirements for a quality management system where an
                                organization needs to demonstrate its ability to provide medical devices and
                                related services that consistently meet customer and applicable regulatory
                                requirements

“KOLs”                          key opinion leaders

“Listing Date”                  January 8, 2025, the date on which dealings in the Shares first commence
                                on the Main Board

“Listing Rules”                 the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
                                Kong Limited, as amended or supplemented from time to time

“Listing”                       the listing of our Shares on the Main Board
70   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     DEFINITIONS



     “Liuhui Biotech”                         Tianjin Liuhui Biotechnology Co., Ltd (天津六慧生物科技有限公司) (formerly
                                              known as Shanghai Liuhui Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (上海六慧生物科技有限
                                              公司)), a limited liability company incorporated in the PRC on 29 April 2016
                                              and is wholly-owned company of Dr. Wang

     “Main Board”                             the stock market (excluding the options market) operated by the Stock
                                              Exchange which is independent from and operated in parallel with the GEM
                                              of the Stock Exchange

     “ML”                                     machine learning

     “MMSE”                                   Mini-Mental State Examination

     “MoCA”                                   Montreal Cognitive Assessment

     “Mr. Tan”                                Mr. Tan Zheng (譚錚), the chairman of the Board, executive Director, chief
                                              strategy officer of the Company and a Controlling Shareholder

     “Nanchang Fusion”                        Nanchang Fusion Therapeutics, Ltd. (南昌福藥生物技術有限公司), a limited
                                              liability company established in the PRC on November 29, 2021, a wholly-
                                              owned subsidiary of our Company

     “NCI”                                    Neurodegenerative disease induced cognitive impairment

     “NHC”                                    the National Health Commission of the PRC (中華人民共和國國家衛生健康
                                              委員會)

     “NMPA”                                   National Medical Products Administration (國家藥品監督管理局) and its
                                              predecessor, the China Food and Drug Administration (國家食品藥品監督
                                              管理總局) from 2013 to 2018 and the State Food and Drug Administration
                                              (國家食品藥品監督管理局) from 2003 to 2013

     “Nomination Committee”                   the nomination committee of the Board

     “PCI”                                    Psychiatric disorder induced cognitive impairment

     “Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme”             the share award scheme adopted by the Company on July 30, 2023

     “Prospectus”                             the prospectus of the Company dated December 30, 2024

     “Remuneration Committee”                 the remuneration committee of the Board
                                                                                                Interim Report 2025   71




                                                                                      DEFINITIONS



“Reporting Period”                  the six months ended June 30, 2025

“RMB”                               the lawful currency of the PRC

“SAS”                               Cognitive Ability Supplemental Screening and Assessment software

“SFO”                               the Securities and Futures Ordinance, Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong
                                    Kong, as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

“Share Subdivision”                 the subdivision of each share in the Company’s issued and unissued
                                    share capital with par value of US$0.0001 each into 1,000 shares of the
                                    corresponding class with nominal value of US$0.0000001 each

“Share(s)” or “Ordinary Share(s)”   ordinary share(s) in the share capital our Company, with a nominal value of
                                    US$0.0001 each prior to the Share Subdivision or US$0.0000001 each upon
                                    the completion of the Share Subdivision

“Shareholder(s)”                    holder(s) of our Share(s)

“Shuhui LP”                         Tianjin Shuhui Information Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership) (天
                                    津樞慧信息諮詢合夥企業(有限合夥) (formerly known as Shanghai Shuhui
                                    Business Information Consulting Center (Limited Partnership) (上海樞慧商
                                    務信息諮詢中心(有限合夥)), a limited partnership established in the PRC on
                                    May 17, 2016 and ultimately controlled by Dr. Wang

“subsidiary(ies)”                   has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 15 of the Companies Ordinance

“substantial shareholder(s)”        has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

“System”                            Brain Function Information Management Platform Software System

“U.S.” or “United States”           the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas
                                    subject to its jurisdiction

“UDCA”                              ursodeoxycholic acid, a secondary bile acid approved by the FDA as first-line
                                    treatment for PBC, and widely used off-label to treat PSC

“ULN”                               upper limit of normal, the 95th percentile of the target population

“US$”                               United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

“VDCI”                              Vascular disease induced cognitive impairment

“we”, “us” or “our”                 the Company or the Group, as the context requires
72   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     DEFINITIONS



     “WFOE”                                   Zhejiang Zhiling Ruidong Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (浙江智靈睿動醫療
                                              科技有限公司), a limited liability company established in the PRC on June
                                              16, 2023 and directly wholly owned by HK Subsidiary

     “Xuanwu Hospital”                        Xuanwu Hospital Capital Medical University (首都醫科大學宣武醫院)

     “Zhipan LP”                              Nanjing Zhipan Information Consulting Partnership (Limited Partnership)
                                              (南京智盼信息諮詢合夥企業(有限合夥) (formerly known as Shanghai Zhipan
                                              Business Information Consulting Center (Limited Partnership) (上海智盼
                                              商務信息諮詢中心(有限合夥) and Tianjin Zhipan Information Consulting
                                              Partnership (Limited Partnership) (天津智盼信息諮詢合夥企業(有限合夥)), a
                                              limited partnership established in the PRC on May 17, 2016 and ultimately
                                              controlled by Dr. Wang

     “%”                                      per cent

     * For identification purposes only
