BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited

腦動極光醫療科技有限公司
(Incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)


Stock Code: 6681




                                                              2026   I N T E R I M
                                                                     R E P O R T
CONTENTS

2    Corporate Information

4    Financial Highlights

5    Business Highlights

11   Management Discussion and Analysis

29   Corporate Governance and Other Information

47   Report on Review of Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

48   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss and Other Comprehensive Income

49   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

51   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

53   Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

54   Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements

78   Forward-Looking Statements

79   Definitions
2   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




    CORPORATE INFORMATION



    EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR                            JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
    Mr. Tan Zheng (譚錚)                            Mr. Wang Junjie (王俊傑)
     (Chairman of the Board)                      Ms. Sham Ying Man (岑影文)


    NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS                       AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
    Mr. Li Sirui (李思睿)                            Mr. Tan Zheng (譚錚)
     (resigned with effect from April 15, 2026)   Ms. Sham Ying Man (岑影文)
    Ms. Li Mingqiu (李明秋)
     (resigned with effect from April 15, 2026)   CORPORATE HEADQUARTER AND PRINCIPAL
    Mr. Deng Feng                                 PLACE OF BUSINESS IN THE PRC
    Mr. Yang Fan (楊帆)                             Room 1301, 13/F, Building 3, Shaoxing
     (appointed on April 15, 2026)                Shuimuwan District Science Park
    Ms. Wang Jingbo (王晶菠)                         No. 2 Pingjiang Road
     (appointed on April 15, 2026)                Yuecheng District, Shaoxing City
                                                  Zhejiang Province
    INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS           PRC
    Mr. Lam Yiu Por (林曉波)
    Dr. Duan Tao (段濤)                             PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG
    Mr. Tu Lei (涂雷)                               KONG
                                                  Room 1910, 19/F, Lee Garden One
    AUDIT COMMITTEE                               33 Hysan Avenue
    Mr. Lam Yiu Por (林曉波) (Chairman)              Causeway Bay
    Dr. Duan Tao (段濤)                             Hong Kong
    Mr. Tu Lei (涂雷)
                                                  REGISTERED OFFICE
    REMUNERATION COMMITTEE                        #4-210, Governors Sq.
    Mr. Tu Lei (涂雷) (Chairman)                    23 Lime Tree Bay Avenue
    Mr. Lam Yiu Por (林曉波)                         PO Box 32311
    Dr. Duan Tao (段濤)                             Grand Cayman KY1-1209
                                                  Cayman Islands
    NOMINATION COMMITTEE
    Mr. Tan Zheng (譚錚) (Chairman)
    Ms. Wang Jingbo (王晶菠)
      (appointed on April 15, 2026)
    Mr. Tu Lei (涂雷)
    Mr. Lam Yiu Por (林曉波)
    Dr. Duan Tao (段濤)
    Ms. Li Mingqiu (李明秋)
      (ceased with effect from April 15, 2026)
                                                                                    Interim Report 2026   3




                                              CORPORATE INFORMATION



AUDITOR                                       PRINCIPAL BANKS
Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu                      Agricultural Bank of China Shaoxing
Certified Public Accountants and Registered   Paojiang Branch
Public Interest Entity Auditor                No. 86, Century East Street
35/F, One Pacific Place                       Paojiang Development Zone
88 Queensway                                  Shaoxing City
Hong Kong                                     Zhejiang Province
                                              China
COMPLIANCE ADVISER
SPDB International Capital Limited            China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd. Beijing
33/F SPD Bank Tower                           Beiyuan Road Science and Technology
One Hennessy                                  Finance Branch
1 Hennessy Road                               Building 4, No. 36, Anhuidongli
Hong Kong                                     Chaoyang District
                                              Beijing
HONG KONG SHARE REGISTRAR                     China

Tricor Investor Services Limited
                                              STOCK CODE
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road                              6681
Hong Kong
                                              COMPANY WEBSITE
PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR                     66nao.cn
ICS Corporate Services (Cayman) Limited
Palm Grove Unit 4                             LISTING DATE
265 Smith Road, George Town                   January 8, 2025
P.O. Box 52A Edgewater Way, #1653
Grand Cayman KY1-9006
Cayman Islands
4   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




    FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS



                                                                                                                                 Period-
                                                                               Six months ended June 30,                       on-Period
                                                                                      2026            2025                       change
                                                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000                            %


    Revenue                                                                          119,883                100,051               19.82%
    Loss and total comprehensive expense for the period                             (134,581)              (126,881)              -6.07%
    Adjusted net loss for the period*                                                (99,185)               (88,022)             -12.68%


    *       Adjusted net loss for the period is not defined under the International Financial Reporting Standard (the “IFRS”), it represents
            the loss for the period excluding the effect brought by expenses under the employee long-term incentive plans.
                                                                                                          Interim Report 2026   5




                                                                       BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



We have long been deeply committed to the field of cognitive impairment digital therapeutics. Building on
“medical-grade” products and evidence-based medicine, and leveraging our proprietary large AI model technology, we
have established a continuous, long-term and personalized AI digital health platform, thereby establishing a four-in-one
closed-loop ecosystem that integrates “medical, users, data and AI”. In the first half of 2026, we made significant
progress in both scientific research innovation and business expansion, continuously solidifying our global leadership
in the field of cognitive impairment digital therapeutics. Specifically, we have made progress in the following areas:


1.     Important Progress was Made in Scientific Research and Clinical Trials for the Core Product Pipeline


       (1)    Dyslexia adjunctive recovery training product


              Our Company’s dyslexia adjunctive recovery training product has completed clinical trials at the main
              center, Beijing Children’s Hospital, Capital Medical University, while its clinical trials at the other three
              sub-centers are currently undergoing patient enrollment. We plan to complete the clinical trials in
              December 2026, submit the registration application in the first quarter of 2027, and expect to obtain
              the medical device registration certificate in the third quarter of 2027.


       (2)    Randomized controlled trials of cognitive digital therapeutics in patients with hypertension, coronary heart
              disease, and atrial fibrillation accompanied by cognitive impairment but without dementia


              This research series consists of three sub-studies and has enrolled a cumulation of 649 patients, with
              follow-up for all patients being completed in 2024, yielding significant scientific achievements, which
              include:


              a.     On June 23, 2026, the research paper titled “Ultra-high-field 7 T MRI reveals neural abnormalities
                     of attention networks in relation to cognitive impairment in hypertension”, a collaborative effort
                     involving the team led by Professor Ma Changsheng (馬長生) from Beijing Anzhen Hospital,
                     Capital Medical University, the team led by Professor Wang Jiguang (王繼光) from Ruijing Hospital,
                     Shanghai Jiao Tong University School of Medicine, and the active participation and support of our
                     Group’s research team, was published online in Brain Research, an internationally renowned journal
                     in neuroimaging. Using 7T ultra-high-field magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) technology, this study
                     provided the first detailed mapping of microstructural and functional abnormalities in the brain’s
                     attention networks of patients with hypertension and cognitive impairment. It not only reveals how
                     blood pressure fluctuations, particularly an increase in pulse pressure, can “slow down” thinking
                     speed by affecting specific brain regions, thus providing a new perspective for understanding early
                     cognitive decline associated with hypertension, but also lays a scientific foundation for developing
                     more precise early warning and intervention strategies.
6   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




    BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



                    b.       The research paper on a multi-center randomized controlled trial conducted by the Group in
                             collaboration with eight domestic medical centers including Beijing Anzhen Hospital, Capital
                             Medical University, titled “Efficacy of computerised cognitive training in patients with coronary
                             heart disease and mild cognitive impairment: a randomised controlled trial”, was officially published
                             in Heart, an internationally renowned journal in cardiovascular field. The study enrolled a total of
                             224 patients with coronary heart disease accompanied by MCI, with results showing that both
                             multi-domain adaptive cognitive training and traditional cognitive training can significantly improve
                             patients’ cognitive function. In particular, adaptive cognitive training demonstrated superior
                             benefits in terms of treatment adherence, health-related quality of life, and brain structural
                             plasticity, further validating the clinical value of cognitive impairment digital therapeutics for
                             individuals with cardiovascular disease accompanied by cognitive impairment.


                    c.       The research paper titled “Neural changes after computerized cognitive training in coronary heart
                             disease with mild cognitive impairment: secondary analysis of a randomized clinical trial” on the
                             clinical study hosted by the team led by Professor Zeng Yong (曾勇) from Beijing Anzhen Hospital,
                             Capital Medical University and with the active participation of our Group, was published online
                             in Alzheimer’s Research & Therapy, an internationally renowned academic journal. The study
                             showed that multi-domain adaptive computerized cognitive training can promote functional and
                             structural neuroplasticity in memory-related circuits among patients with coronary heart disease
                             and mild cognitive impairment. Changes in functional connectivity were associated with cognitive
                             improvement and may mediate blood pressure reduction, suggesting that adaptive cognitive
                             training may be involved in “brain-cardiac axis” interactions. This breakthrough in “brain-cardiac
                             axis” theory provides high-level evidence supporting the dual benefits of digital therapeutics for
                             patients with cardiovascular and cerebrovascular comorbidities, while demonstrating the potential
                             of digital therapeutics for synergistic intervention at the “brain-cardiac axis” level, thus offering
                             novel clinical insights for proactive health management and precision non-pharmacological
                             interventions in patients with cardiovascular and cerebrovascular comorbidities.


            (3)     Depression Treatment Software


                    The Company’s Depression Treatment Software product has undergone updates and iterations, has
                    been re-submitted for type testing, and has had its clinical trial protocol revised in accordance with the
                    requirements of national regulatory authorities. The Company expects to initiate the clinical study by the
                    end of September 2026, complete it by September 2027, submit the registration application in November
                    2027, and expects to obtain the medical device registration certificate in July 2028.


            (4)     Cognitive function assessment product for depression


                    The Company received its clinical statistics report on cognitive function assessment product for depression
                    in May 2026, with its registration application being accepted in June 2026 and its registration verification
                    passed. The product has now entered the technical approval phase. The Company expects to obtain the
                    medical device registration certificate by the end of November 2026.
                                                                                                      Interim Report 2026   7




                                                                    BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



2.   Scientific Research Innovation and Academic Achievements


     (1)   Research topic under national major science and technology project approved and launched


           From late 2025 through the first half of 2026, Beijing Zhijingling Technology Co., Ltd. (北京智精靈科
           技有限公司), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, participated in the major national science
           and technology project of the “Prevention, Treatment and Research of Cancer, Cardiovascular and
           Cerebrovascular, Respiratory and Metabolic Diseases”, with successfully approved research topic titled
           “Establishment and Scenario-based Application of Key Technologies for Digital Diagnosis and Treatment
           of Intracranial Atherosclerotic Stenosis-Related Cognitive Impairment Based on Deep Reasoning Large
           Models” (Project No.: 2025ZD0546200), which was officially commenced in the first half of 2026. Led by
           Xuanwu Hospital, Capital Medical University, this project is jointly tackled by Peking Union Medical College
           Hospital of Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences, Institute of Psychology of Chinese Academy of Sciences,
           Jilin University, Beijing Normal University and the Company. This project marks the first research topic
           included in major national science and technology project in the field of digital diagnosis and treatment
           for neurocognitive disorders in China, indicating that such direction has been acknowledged as part of
           national strategic scientific research.


           This research topic focuses on the diagnostic and therapeutic challenges of Intracranial Atherosclerotic
           Stenosis (ICAS)-related cognitive impairment. Its core research directions include: (a) establishing an
           three-tiered assessment technology spectrum and a deep reasoning prediction large model for ICAS-related
           cognitive impairment; (b) developing and validating key technologies for digital interventions based on
           deep reasoning and feedback control using large model; (c) building a multi-device interactive digital
           diagnosis and treatment platform based on large-model cloud-edge collaboration technology and
           digital doctors; (d) promoting a full-scenario closed-loop management system for ICAS-related cognitive
           impairment centered on “embodied diagnosis and treatment”.


     (2)   Two Beijing key laboratories approved for establishment


           (a)    The joint application for the “Beijing Key Laboratory for Digital Healthcare for Cognitive
                  Impairment” by Beijing Zhijingling Technology Co., Ltd. (北京智精靈科技有限公司), a wholly-owned
                  subsidiary of the Company, and Xuanwu Hospital, Capital Medical University, has been successfully
                  approved and established, forming a synergistic innovation model characterized by “clinical-driven,
                  basic research support, software-hardware integration, and seamless translation”. The laboratory
                  focuses on three main areas: refining a standardized multi-modal dataset for cognitive impairment;
                  developing intelligent, multidimensional assessment technologies based on deep reasoning large
                  model; and building a multi-modal intelligent diagnosis and treatment platform that covers the
                  entire disease course from “assessment, intervention to management”, and full scenario from
                  “hospitals, communities to home”.
8   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




    BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



                    (b)      The “Beijing Key Laboratory for Innovation and Translation of Precision and Intelligent Diagnosis and
                             Treatment for Mental Disorders (精神疾病精準智能診療創新轉化北京市重點實驗室)” jointly declared
                             by the Company, Peking University Sixth Hospital and National Engineering Research Center for
                             Software Engineering of Peking University has obtained official approval for establishment.
                             Research scope includes, among others, R&D and clinical application of digital therapeutics,
                             research on the effectiveness of cognitive digital therapeutics for attention deficit hyperactivity
                             disorder and precision and intelligent diagnosis and treatment system for depression. The research
                             will cover the development of digital therapeutics products for emotional behavior problems
                             throughout the lifespan and clinical verification, including the effectiveness and compliance study
                             of cognitive digital therapeutics in enhancing the learning abilities among children with attention
                             deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), the R&D and effectiveness study of “home-school-hospital”
                             digital collaborative intervention therapy for emotional disorders in children and adolescents, the
                             R&D and clinical validation of cognitive digital therapeutics products for adults with ADHD, the
                             R&D and clinical research of ADHD coaching courses and digital products; the development of
                             multi-modal diagnosis technology for depression, in particular, the development of a hierarchical
                             intervention system based on depression severity to establish a precise, accessible and safe
                             stepped-care intervention platform for depression providing digital therapeutics solutions; and the
                             further optimization of electronic cognitive assessment and intervention tasks and personalized
                             recommendation algorithms to improve targeted cognitive digital therapeutics.


            (3)     Continuous Breakthroughs in Large AI Model Technology


                    AlphaCog, the large medical model independently developed by the Company, continued to undergo
                    iterative upgrades. Following the acceptance in 2025 of the paper by the Company’s R&D team titled
                    “Improve Decoding Factuality by Token-wise Cross Layer Entropy of Large Language Models” by NAACL
                    2025, a top international conference in the field of natural language processing, the Company further
                    advanced the practical application of large models in medical scenarios and cutting-edge technological
                    innovations in the first half of 2026.


                    In June 2026, the paper by the Group’s technical team titled “Dual-Enhancement Product Bundling:
                    Bridging Interactive Graph and Large Language Model” was published in the “Electronics”, an international
                    journal, and was awarded the “Best Researcher Award”. This research introduced a dual-enhancement
                    training framework for large models for the first time, which integrates interactive graph knowledge with
                    the semantic understanding of large language model (LLM) for combined task recommendations, and
                    the proposed Dynamic Concept Binding Mechanism (DCBM) effectively alleviated the cold-start problem.
                    This method consistently outperformed all baseline methods on three public datasets, achieving relative
                    improvements ranging from 6.3% to 26.5%, and made a valuable contribution to the advancement of
                    large language models in the application fields of reasoning systems.
                                                                                                    Interim Report 2026   9




                                                                  BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



           Meanwhile, in the 2026 Xiong’an International Medical and Big Health Technology Application
           Competition, the Group’s project titled “Application of a Large Model-Based Digital Diagnosis and
           Treatment Platform for Cognitive Impairment Diseases in the Medical Field” (《基於大模型的認知障礙
           疾病數字診療平台在醫療領域的應用》) participated in the competition of smart hospital new scenarios
           against 40 teams including Tsinghua University, Peking University, Beijing Tongren Hospital affiliated
           to Capital Medical University and Hebei Medical University, and ultimately secured first place and was
           honored as the champion.


           Furthermore, in the 3rd Collection of Future City in Xiong’an • Xiong’an Vertical Large Model (AI
           Agent) Application Competition (第三屆雄安未來之城場景匯雄安垂直大模型(智能體)應用大賽), the
           Group’s project titled “Exploration and Application of Personalized Intervention Technology Based on
           Cognitive Deep-Reasoning Large Models in the Medical Field” (《基於認知深度推理大模型的個性化
           干預技術在醫療領域探索及應用》) secured second place in the “AI+” new scenarios sector with its
           self-developed BrainAuGPT cognitive deep reasoning large model. Based on BrainAuGPT, the team built
           an industry-unique “cloud-edge-end” intelligent assessment system and a “precise prescription tailored
           to each individual” personalized AI intervention system. Leveraging three original technologies of LLM
           fine-tuning based on second-order knowledge representation, decoding using Monte Carlo Tree Search
           under spatiotemporal uncertainty and cross-layer entropy-enhanced hallucination mitigation for large
           models based on graph-structured behavioral data, a closed-loop system of “perception-reasoning-decision-
           making-feedback-optimization” was formed.


3.   Continuous Acceleration of Commercialization and Rapid Growth of Revenue


     The Company’s revenue increased by RMB19.83 million from RMB100.05 million for the six months ended June
     30, 2025 to RMB119.88 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026, representing a year-on-year increase
     of 19.82%.


     (1)   Continued Expansion of Business Partner Network


           The Company has also made substantial progress in expanding its business partner network. As of June
           30, 2026, the number of partner institutions adopting the Company’s core system increased to 322,
           representing a 29% increase from 249 as at June 30, 2025. Its partner institutions are widely distributed,
           mainly covering the Pearl River Delta, Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, Sichuan, Henan and other regions,
           and gradually expanding into key central and northern cities, laying a solid channel foundation for the
           nationwide large-scale application of the Company’s products.


     (2)   Rapid Growth in User Base


           With continuous enhancement of product capabilities and rising market awareness, BrainAurora’s digital
           therapeutics solutions have gained recognition among a broader user base. On the home-based client
           side, core operating metrics achieved an overall jump: (i) The number of patient system accesses increased
           from approximately 2,595,554 for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to approximately 7,630,305 for
           the same period in 2026; (ii) Monthly active users reached 10,885 in June 2026, an increase compared
           with 8,156 in the same period of 2025.
10   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     BUSINESS HIGHLIGHTS



             (3)     Commercial Breakthroughs in the Pediatric Business


                     Based on the evidence-based results from the RCT of the ADHD digital therapeutics published by the
                     Group in 2025, the Group accelerated the expansion of its commercial footprint in the pediatric field from
                     2025 to the first half of 2026. It has established cooperation with leading children’s specialized hospitals
                     in China, including Children’s Hospital of Capital Institute of Pediatrics, Beijing Haidian Maternal & Child
                     Health Care Hospital, Shanghai Children’s Medical Center affiliated to Shanghai Jiao Tong University
                     School of Medicine, Children’s Hospital, Children’s Hospital of Soochow University, Changchun Children’s
                     Hospital, Henan Children’s Hospital (Zhengzhou Children’s Hospital) and Hunan Children’s Hospital. As
                     a result, the business related to children’s developmental disorders has entered a stage of rapid growth.


             (4)     Commercialization of Digital Health Integrated Platform


                     In March 2026, the Company entered into a strategic cooperation agreement with Tokyo Lifestyle Co.,
                     Ltd. to jointly build an AI digital health integrated platform for the elderly and explore an innovative
                     model of “online cognitive assessment, training and rehabilitation + offline functional health products”.
                     Business process trials were completed in the first half of the year, and commercial sales and operational
                     cooperation have commenced. Meanwhile, the Company is exploring the development of a digital health
                     integrated platform in China, which is expected to provide digital health services to domestic users in the
                     second half of 2026, covering digital cognitive assessment and training, digital motion monitoring, digital
                     sleep monitoring, digital metabolic products and personalized functional health products.
                                                                                                         Interim Report 2026   11




                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



OVERVIEW
We are a seasoned player in China’s cognitive impairment digital therapeutics (the “DTx”) market. We are the first
company in China that has developed a medical-grade DTx product for cognitive impairment, combining brain science
with advanced artificial intelligence (the “AI”) technologies. Our product pipeline covers both the assessment and
intervention of a broad range of cognitive impairments induced by vascular diseases, neurodegenerative diseases,
psychiatric disorders, and child development deficiencies, among others. Our Core Product (as defined in Chapter 18A
of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (“Listing Rules”)), the
Brain Function Information Management Platform Software System (the “System” or the “Core Product”), is the first
cognitive impairment DTx product that has obtained regulatory approval in China.


We are a commercial stage company. As of the date of this report, our Core Product had been included in the provincial
health insurance reimbursement lists of 30 provinces in China. We are committed to assisting medical institutions across
the country to establish diagnostic and treatment centers for cognitive impairment, and building long-term business
relationships with medical institutions to promote the development of cognitive impairment DTx market in China. As of
the date of this report, we had helped more than 200 hospitals establish cognitive centers in China, including several
leading hospitals with “National Medical Center” (國家醫學中心) certification for various medical specialties by the
NHC. We are committed to making achievements in the brain scientific research to DTx products that benefit cognitive
impairment patients.


We have established a broad DTx product pipeline. The Core Product had been commercialized for eight indications from
four major types of cognitive impairment and is under development for several other cognitive impairment indications
as of the date of this report. We had three other products with regulatory approvals in China, one other product with
regulatory approval in the EU and six product candidates under different stages of preclinical and clinical development
or registration process as of the date of this report. We enjoy rights with respect to our products and product candidates
in jurisdictions where we receive regulatory approvals.
12   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     BUSINESS REVIEW
     Our Core Product – Brain Function Information Management Platform Software System
     Our Core Product, the System, is an evidence-based, medical-grade DTx product, and the first cognitive impairment
     DTx product in China to receive regulatory approval. In September 2018, we obtained the initial Class II medical device
     registration certificate from the Hunan Medical Products Administration (the “Hunan MPA”) for the System. In June
     2020, we obtained an amended certificate (the “2020 Amended Certificate”) from the Hunan MPA to include the
     screening, assessment, recovery and data analysis of eight specific indications. In May 2023, we renewed the 2020
     Amended Certificate with the Hunan MPA (the “2023 Renewed Certificate”), which contains the same indication
     coverage as the 2020 Amended Certificate.


     The System is software that combines clinical experience in brain science with deep neutral networks (“DNN”)
     algorithms, a powerful category of machine learning algorithms, to assess a patient’s cognitive impairment and provide
     personalized DTx treatment options. The System enables clinical assessment and interventions for various types of
     cognitive impairment induced by vascular diseases, neurodegenerative diseases, psychological disorders and child
     development deficiencies, among other types of cognitive impairments. The System incorporates our two underlying
     technologies, namely virtual human and AI technologies. In particular, our DNN algorithms are trained with a large
     amount of information on patient demographics, clinical assessment, diagnosis and information collected during patients’
     participation in training tasks at diverse difficulty levels. Our DNN algorithms undergo constant iteration and training
     to dynamically adjust the content of the training tasks. The DNN algorithms can identify the most suitable training out
     of millions of different possible combinations, building on over 300 training modules that are designed to activate the
     appropriate brain regions for the best therapeutic effect.


     Patients that use the System typically suffer from cognitive impairment, which is what the System addresses. Such
     cognitive impairments may be induced by many classes of diseases, such as vascular diseases, neurodegenerative
     diseases, psychiatric disorders and child development deficiencies. In addition, the clinical trials that have been
     undertaken on the System demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the System in improving patients’ cognitive functions
     (such as speed, attention, perception, long-term memory, working memory, calculation, executive control, reasoning and
     problem solving), not the inducing diseases themselves. Therefore, despite the variety in the diseases that could induce
     cognitive impairment, the eight existing indications as well as the potential new indications are considered indication
     expansion of the System and can be added to the same medical device registration certificate.


     WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ULTIMATELY DEVELOP AND MARKET THE SYSTEM WITH NEW INDICATIONS
     SUCCESSFULLY.
                                                                                                         Interim Report 2026   13




                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Our Other Key Products and Product Candidates
As of the date of this report, four of our products besides the System had obtained regulatory approvals in China or
abroad, including, among others, BCAT, SAS and DSS (terms defined below).


Basic Cognitive Testing Software (the “BCAT”)
BCAT is designed to facilitate healthcare professionals’ assessment of patients’ basic cognitive capacity by enabling
patients to self-administer tests of their cognitive capacities relating to processing speed, working memory, episodic
memory, visual-spatial ability and verbal comprehension. We obtained a Class II medical device registration certificate
from the Hunan MPA for the BCAT in October 2022. After obtaining regulatory approval in 2022, we have been and are
undergoing further research and preparing additional scientific literature with regards to BCAT, which we believe would
be conducive to improving its market recognition and acceptance by the medical community. We have commenced the
commercialization of BCAT in 2025.


Cognitive Ability Supplemental Screening and Assessment software (the “SAS”)
SAS is designed to facilitate healthcare professionals’ assessment of patients’ cognitive capacity by enabling patients to
self-administer Mini-Mental State Examination and Montreal Cognitive Assessment tests. We obtained a Class II medical
device registration certificate from the Hunan MPA for the SAS in December 2022 after submitting relevant clinical
evaluation materials. After obtaining regulatory approval in 2022, we have been and are undergoing further research
and preparing additional scientific literature with regards to SAS, which we believe would be conducive to improving
its market recognition and acceptance by the medical community. We have commenced the commercialization of SAS
in 2025.


Dyslexia Supplemental Screening and Assessment Software (the “DSS”)
DSS is designed to facilitate the assessment of risk of developmental dyslexia in children. We received a Class II medical
device registration certificate for DSS in September 2023 from the Hunan MPA. In support of our application for the
above Class II medical device registration certificate, we submitted a clinical comparison with the System. DSS was
commercialized in 2025.


Dyslexia Adjunctive Recovery Training Software
Our Company’s dyslexia adjunctive recovery training product has completed clinical trials at the main center, Beijing
Children’s Hospital, Capital Medical University, while its clinical trials at the other three sub-centers are currently
undergoing patient enrollment. We plan to complete the clinical trials in December 2026, submit the registration
application in the first quarter of 2027, and expect to obtain the medical device registration certificate in the third
quarter of 2027.
14   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     Quantitative Cognitive Assessment Software for Depression
     The Company received its clinical statistics report on cognitive function assessment product for depression in May 2026,
     with its registration application being accepted in June 2026 and its registration verification passed. The product has
     now entered the technical approval phase. The Company expects to obtain the medical device registration certificate
     by the end of November 2026.


     Depression Treatment Software
     The Company’s Depression Treatment Software product has undergone updates and iterations in accordance with
     the requirements of national regulatory authorities, has been re-submitted for type testing, and has had its clinical
     trial protocol revised. The Company expects to initiate the clinical study by the end of September 2026, complete it
     by September 2027, submit the registration application in November 2027, and expects to obtain the medical device
     registration certificate in July 2028.


     Cognitive Impairment Assessment Software and Cognitive Impairment Treatment Software
     In order to expand our international footprint and build global influence, we are developing the following products
     for the U.S. and the EU: Cognitive Impairment Assessment Software and Cognitive Impairment Treatment Software.
     On July 22, 2022, we obtained the CE mark in the EU for our Cognitive Impairment Treatment Software, which is
     exempted from clinical trial requirements under EU’s Medical Device Regulation and allows for its commercialization in
     the EU that is expected to commence in 2026. We are also developing our Cognitive Impairment Treatment Software
     and Cognitive Impairment Assessment Software in the U.S. in preparation for regulatory filings under Section 510(k).


     Bone Trauma and Pain Cognitive Impairment Digital Therapeutics Product
     The Company has completed the R&D of the bone trauma and pain digital therapeutics product, and plans to initiate
     the registration clinical research in the third quarter of 2026, and expects to complete the registration clinical research
     in the third quarter of 2027. We plan to submit the registration application in the fourth quarter of 2027, and expect
     to obtain the medical device registration certificate and commence commercialization in the second quarter of 2028.


     WE MAY NOT BE ABLE TO ULTIMATELY DEVELOP AND MARKET OUR OTHER KEY PRODUCTS AND PRODUCT
     CANDIDATES SUCCESSFULLY.

     RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT CAPABILITY
     We believe that our continued research and development (“R&D”) is the key driver of our business growth and
     competitiveness.


     R&D Team
     We have a strong multi-disciplinary in-house R&D team of 128 professionals with 26 holding a master’s degree and
     two holding PhDs as of the date of this report. Our R&D team is led by Mr. Cai Longjun (“Mr. Cai”), who is our chief
     executive officer, chief technology officer and chief operating officer. Our key R&D staff have on average over six years
     of relevant experience in the DTx industry. Our R&D team frequently participates in academic and industry conferences
     and engages with industry and clinical experts to bring us up-to-date insights and innovations from a global perspective.
     Our R&D team is divided into the following three groups: (i) Brain Research Institute, (ii) Product Innovation Center,
     and (iii) Technology Research Center. Externally, we have established long-term relationships with key opinion leaders,
     including well-known medical professional and clinical experts in China. Leveraging their insights and recommendations,
     we are able to focus our R&D process on unmet clinical needs and explore frontier and breakthrough technologies.
                                                                                                           Interim Report 2026   15




                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Product Design and Preclinical Development
We have established and strictly followed an internal protocol that governs the design and development of our products.
Our internal protocol was formulated based on applicable National Medical Products Administration of China (國家藥品
監督管理局) regulations and ISO 13485. To start with a product development project, we conduct market research to
analyze market prospects and patient’s need and formulate a development proposal that describes the target medical
need, potential risks and specific product functions. After obtaining approvals from our management on the project,
we will then formulate a detailed development plan, which includes the product functionalities and applications, labor
and budget planning and begin the development process.


Clinical Development
Our clinical affairs department has significant experience in conducting clinical trials for our products. As of the date of
this report, we had organized a dedicated regulatory and clinical affairs department consisting of seven members, with
extensive experience in medical device industry. We also set up a separate regulatory affairs team in charge of regulatory
communications. Our regulatory affairs team is mainly responsible for sorting and reviewing registration materials of our
products, as well as submitting such materials to the relevant government agencies. We conduct clinical trials of new
indications and products in order to obtain the requisite regulatory approvals and collect access-controlled data that
can improve the design and features of our products. The goal of a clinical trial is to measure the clinical safety and
efficacy of a device. Primary parameters for clinical trials are selected based on the intended use of the medical device.


FUTURE DEVELOPMENT AND OUTLOOK
Digital therapeutics (DTx) refer to software-driven medical solutions that assess patient conditions by collecting various
types of patient data (such as pictures, texts, voices and video feeds) in order to deliver therapeutic interventions
that prevent, treat, and manage various types of diseases. DTx digitize medical principles and standardized treatment
plans into software-driven interventional measures that improve patients’ access to and compliance with treatments.
Cognitive impairment DTx, as its subset, focuses on deficits in neurocognitive domains caused by vascular diseases,
neurodegenerative diseases, psychiatric disorders, and child development deficiency. Specific types include vascular
disease induced cognitive impairment (VDCI), neurodegenerative disease induced cognitive impairment (NCI), psychiatric
disorder-related cognitive impairment (PCI), and child development disorders such as Attention Deficit Hyperactivity
Disorder (ADHD) and autism. Each category of diseases presents unique treatment challenges, and traditional drug
therapies often may not be effective or lack targeted options, therefore there is a growing need for effective,
evidence-based solutions. Cognitive impairment DTx leverages cutting-edge technology to provide patients with
personalized assessment and intervention tools to improve their cognitive functions and quality of life. As the number
of people affected by cognitive impairments continues to increase, the market is experiencing significant growth and
is expected to continue to grow.
16   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     Industry Development: Market demand coupled with policy and technology drivers propels the continuous
     development of domestic and overseas markets


     1.      The burden of cognitive impairment related diseases in China continues to increase, and national
             policies highly support prevention and treatment
             China has a massive number of cognitive impairment patients. Among adults, there are currently approximately
             38.77 million patients with mild cognitive impairment and approximately 15.07 million patients with dementia
             in the population aged 60 and above; there are approximately 23 million children with ADHD. The cognitive
             impairments induced by these diseases have caused a heavy economic burden on patients, families, and society.


             The prevention and treatment of cognitive impairment and related psychiatric and psychological disorders have
             risen to the national strategic level. The National Action Plan for the Prevention and Treatment of Dementia
             explicitly proposes the establishment of a comprehensive and continuous prevention and control system of
             “prevention, screening, diagnosis and treatment, recovery, and care”; the Healthy Children Action Enhancement
             Plan (2021-2025) also emphasizes strengthening the monitoring and assessment of children’s psychological and
             behavioral development.


             Traditional cognitive impairment medical services generally face bottlenecks such as uneven distribution of
             professional resources, low patient accessibility, and high difficulty in long-term management, which restrict the
             efficiency and quality of prevention and treatment. Cognitive impairment DTx, with evidence-based medicine as
             its core and relying on information technologies such as cloud computing, big data, and artificial intelligence,
             can break through time and space limitations, precisely match patient needs, and achieve personalized
             interventions. With its high accessibility advantage, it is becoming an important breakthrough and core path for
             solving the prevention and control challenges of cognitive impairment diseases. The DTx products represented
             by BrainAurora’s Core Product have been included in the provincial health insurance reimbursement lists of 30
             provinces, marking the wide recognition of its clinical value and fully reflecting the state’s high level of attention
             to psychiatric disorders such as cognitive impairment at the policy level.
                                                                                                          Interim Report 2026   17




                     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



2.   The accelerated iteration of AI-driven technologies and products brings new opportunities for disease
     treatment
     The cognitive impairment intervention field is currently undergoing profound technological transformations. The
     industry has gradually shifted from traditional single functional training to a stage of etiology diagnosis and risk
     prediction integrating multi-modal data. By integrating multi-dimensional data such as medical imaging and
     physiological indicators, the intervention mode aligns more closely with the essence of the disease, achieving
     an upgrade from symptom relief to source prevention and control.


     Large AI models have become a core driving force, deeply applied in aspects such as the generation of
     personalized intervention plans, virtual human intelligent assessments, precise prediction of therapeutic efficacy,
     and continuous iteration of intervention plans, propelling the industry from experience-led to data-driven precise
     diagnosis and treatment.


     At the same time, the establishment of industry standards has become the core commanding height of
     competition. Building a unified assessment technology system, standardized clinical validation pathways, and
     standardized application norms are inevitable requirements for the high-quality development of the industry. In
     the future, enterprises that can deeply participate in the formulation of industry standards will occupy a significant
     advantage in market access, technological competition, and industry discourse.


3.   Leveraging local advantages to empower the globe, the overseas expansion of DTx is a general trend
     Many countries around the globe are jointly facing the common challenges of deepening population aging and
     the continuously rising burden of cognitive impairment diseases. Data shows that the proportion of the population
     aged 65 and above in Singapore has exceeded 30%, and the population aged 60 and above in Malaysia has
     reached 3.8 million. The prevention and control of cognitive impairment has become a key topic in the public
     health sector of many countries. Singapore has successively launched strategic initiatives such as “Healthier
     SG” and “Dementia-Friendly Singapore,” striving to build a health management system of early screening and
     full-cycle care; although Malaysia faces a dilemma of relatively scarce medical resources, it continues to improve
     mental health-related policies and increase investments in disease prevention and treatment.


     China’s cognitive impairment DTx, which have matured in advance, possess core competitiveness for global
     export by virtue of multiple advantages in technology, products, models, and standards. Based on the massive
     domestic market and policy dividends, expanding mature technological solutions, service systems, and practical
     experiences overseas will not only help alleviate the global shortage of cognitive impairment medical resources,
     but is also an important choice for the industry to break through domestic market boundaries and achieve
     global development.
18   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     BrainAurora’s Recognition and Outlook on Industry Development Trends


     1.      “Medical-grade” is the core direction of DTx products, evidence-based medicine is the cornerstone,
             and standards are the barriers
             Building DTx into medical-grade products with clinical value is the core direction of industry development.
             To achieve medical-grade certification, it is necessary to follow a rigorous evidence-based medicine system:
             generating high-level academic papers through standardized and scientific clinical trials, and forming authoritative
             and credible evidence-based medical evidence. On this basis, promoting the formation of expert consensus and
             clinical guidelines with high-quality clinical evidence, and thereby formulating industry standards to push for the
             inclusion of products into standardized diagnosis and treatment systems, is the key path for DTx to gain clinical
             and market recognition. BrainAurora cooperates with top institutions such as Peking University Sixth Hospital to
             conduct randomized controlled trials (such as the ADHD digital-drug combination therapy), supporting product
             value with authentic and reproducible clinical data; meanwhile, participating in the formulation of multiple
             consensuses and standards not only consolidates its technological leadership but also lays the foundation for
             the development of the DTx industry.


     2.      Platformization is the ultimate form, and data and AI constitute a flywheel
             Cognitive impairment is a typical chronic disease. Its intervention and recovery require continuous, long-term,
             and personalized full-course management. Single-function products are difficult to meet the long-term needs
             of clinical practice and patients; platformization is the ultimate form of industry development.


             The core barrier of an enterprise lies in building and connecting the four-in-one “Medical-Patient-Data-AI”
             closed-loop ecological platform. The real-world intervention data of patients are continuously accumulated and
             fed back, which retrofeeds the iterative upgrading of AI algorithms and models; more precise AI models further
             enhance intervention effects and clinical value; excellent therapeutic efficacy and empirical evidence attract
             more medical institutions and clinical experts to carry out in-depth cooperation; broader clinical applications and
             superior service experiences drive more patients to access and continuously use the platform, forming a positive
             growth flywheel that builds long-term sustainable core competitiveness for the Company.


     3.      The overseas expansion of DTx conforms to industry trends and becomes an important direction for
             expanding business models
             Facing the continuously growing global demand for cognitive health, actively promoting the overseas layout of
             DTx not only complies with industry development trends, but is also an important direction for the Company
             to expand its business models and broaden its development space. Relying on its core advantages in clinical
             evidence, technological R&D, and product commercialization, and leveraging China’s international influence in the
             digital health sector, the Company focuses on exploring markets and carrying out business layouts in neighboring
             countries such as those in Southeast Asia, steadily promoting the outward export of mature medical-grade DTx
             products and service systems. By pragmatically advancing international practices, the Company further unlocks
             the value of its technologies and products, assisting the Company in building a more resilient and sustainable
             global development layout.
                                                                                                         Interim Report 2026   19




                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



BrainAurora’s Future Strategic Layout: Leading industry development through technological innovation,
deepening domestic market cultivation, and exploring global development


Domestic Market: Building an “Industry-Academic-Research-Medical” closed-loop ecosystem to seize the
commanding heights of standards and data


1.    Vertically deepening cultivation in scientific research commanding heights
      Participating in major national specific projects: Through cooperation with “national teams” such as Xuanwu
      Hospital, focusing on cognitive impairment with specific etiologies such as intracranial atherosclerotic stenosis
      (ICAS), we are developing digital diagnosis and treatment technologies based on deep reasoning large models
      to initiate etiology diagnosis from the source.


      Co-building key laboratories: Jointly applying for and gaining approval for a Beijing Key Laboratory with top
      medical institutions such as Xuanwu Hospital and Peking University Sixth Hospital, deeply integrating the
      enterprise’s R&D capabilities into the national scientific research system to ensure continuous technological
      leadership.


2.    Horizontally expanding product application scenarios
      Continuously deepening layouts in the psychiatric specialty field, the Company has established in-depth
      cooperation with core domestic psychiatric specialty institutions such as Peking University Sixth Hospital, Beijing
      Anding Hospital, and Shandong Mental Health Center, building a three-in-one cooperation network of top-level
      scientific R&D, clinical validation implementation, and regional large-scale promotion, comprehensively covering
      key psychiatric and psychological disease fields such as Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder (ADHD) and
      depression, continuously solidifying clinical and scientific research advantages.


      In terms of the public health service system, we actively promote product coverage and scenario extension. The
      Company collaborates with Beijing Jianguo Medical, a designated project execution unit of the Guokang Center
      of the Ministry of Civil Affairs, to promote the implementation of products in mental health welfare institutions
      and grassroots community scenarios. Relying on three core drivers: national standard research, multi-center
      clinical pilots, and long-term cohort data construction, we assist products in gradually integrating into the public
      health and social welfare systems.


Overseas Market: Implementing the pragmatic implementation strategy of “Model First, Radiating Regions”
The Company implements an overseas expansion strategy tailored to local conditions in overseas markets. In regions
such as Singapore, Malaysia, Macau, and Hong Kong, we integrate product, channel, brand, and technological resources
to jointly promote product implementation, explore the sample model, and reserve momentum for long-term growth.
20   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     Underlying Technology: Building the “AI Brain” and “Data Flywheel”
     Continuously investing in the R&D of large AI models (such as BrainAuGPT), we achieve automated assessments through
     virtual humans, and utilize AI technology to realize the dynamic recommendation of training plans tailored to each
     individual. We explore “multi-modal AI cognitive agents” to achieve the leap from assisted assessment to proactive
     interventional decision-making, integrating EEG, voice, imaging, genomics, and wearable device data to build a full-cycle
     cognitive health management system covering “assessment – intervention – recovery”.


     The Company will take real-world data obtained from domestic multi-center pilots as its core asset, utilize knowledge
     enhancement technology to solve the pain points of real-world data being “unstructured and multi-source
     heterogeneous,” conduct unified integration and build a standardized cognitive data knowledge base, continuously
     iterate algorithms, optimize products, and generate high-level evidence-based evidence, constructing a dual access
     barrier of “standards + data”.


     FINANCIAL REVIEW
     Overview
     The following discussion is based on, and should be read in conjunction with, the financial information and notes
     included elsewhere in this report.


     Revenue
     Our revenue increased by RMB19.83 million from RMB100.05 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to
     RMB119.88 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026, representing a year-on-year increase of 19.82%.


     We generate revenue from (i) provision of the System integral software solutions in hospitals; (ii) provision of the
     System integral software solutions out of hospitals to individual patients; (iii) provision of research projects services to
     research institutions; (iv) sales of medical AI large language model solutions; and (v) others, such as sales of hardware
     embedded with the System and the related user accounts. The increase in our revenue was primarily due to the following
     reasons: (i) As of June 30, 2026, the number of partner institutions adopting the Company’s core system increased to
     322, representing a 29% increase from 249 as at June 30, 2025. Its partner institutions are widely distributed, mainly
     covering the Pearl River Delta, Beijing-Tianjin-Hebei region, Sichuan, Henan and other regions, and gradually expanding
     into key central and northern cities, laying a solid channel foundation for the nationwide large-scale application of the
     Company’s products; (ii) On the home-based user end, core operating metrics achieved an overall jump: (1) an increase
     in the number of times patients used the System from approximately 2,595,554 times for the six months ended June 30,
     2025 to approximately 7,630,305 times for the same period in 2026; (2) monthly active users reached 10,885 in June
     2026, an increase of 33.5% compared to 8,156 in the same period of 2025; (3) average daily usage time per user was
     23.06 minutes for the six months ended June 30, 2026, reflecting strong user stickiness and intervention compliance.
                                                                                                          Interim Report 2026   21




                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Cost of Sales
Our cost of sales increased from RMB59.20 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to RMB65.27 million for the
six months ended June 30, 2026, representing an increase of 10.25%. The increase in our cost of sales was primarily due
to an RMB9.15 million increase in operational costs, incurred by third-party service providers that provide operational
support in cognitive centers on our behalf.


Gross Profit
Our gross profit increased from RMB40.85 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to RMB54.61 million for the
six months ended June 30, 2026, representing an increase of 33.68%. The increase in our gross profit was primarily
due to the significant increase in sales volume of the System and the increase in the number of hospitals and patients
that used our System.


Other Income
Our other income primarily consists of (i) interest income on bank balances and restricted bank deposit; (ii) interest
income from rental deposits; (iii) interest income from loans receivable; (iv) government grants related to R&D activities;
and (v) income from sales of health products.


Our other income increased from RMB7.28 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to RMB12.36 million for
the six months ended June 30, 2026, representing an increase of 69.78%. The increase in our other income was mainly
attributable to (i) the increase in interest income on bank balances and restricted bank deposits of RMB1.45 million
(the interest income amounted RMB7.77 million in the first half of 2026, as compared to RMB6.32 million in the first
half of 2025); (ii) the increase in government grants related to research and development activities of RMB1.74 million
and (iii) the increase in income from sales of health products of RMB1.33 million.


Other Expenses and Other Gains and Losses, Net
Our other expenses and other gains and losses, net primarily relates to fair value gains on financial assets at FVTPL.
Our other expenses and other gains and losses, net changed from RMB-4.42 million for the six months ended June
30, 2025 to RMB-23.63 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026. The increase in our other expenses and other
gains and losses, net was primarily attributable to (i) the increase in net foreign exchange loss of RMB18.1 million
(the net foreign exchange loss amounted RMB19.37 million in the first half of 2026, as compared to RMB1.27 million
in the first half of 2025); and (ii) the donation expenditure of RMB4 million (RMB1.5 million to Wu Jieping Medical
Foundation and RMB2.5 million to the Education Foundation of Capital Medical University (首都醫科大學教育基金會)).


Selling and Distribution Expenses
Our selling and distribution expenses primarily consist of (i) market development and service expenses; (ii) employee
benefits expenses; (iii) depreciation and amortization expenses; (iv) share-based payments; and (v) others.


Our selling and distribution expenses increased from RMB30.45 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to
RMB36.35 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026. The increase of 19.38% was primarily attributable to an
increase in market development and service expenses driven by the increasing efforts to explore business cooperation
opportunities in order to reach more hospitals and other customers and to enhance industry recognition and awareness
of our products.
22   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     Administrative Expenses
     Our administrative expenses primarily consist of (i) employee benefit expenses for our administrative staff; (ii) professional
     service expenses; (iii) utilities and office expenses; (iv) depreciation and amortization expenses; (v) share-based payments;
     and (vi) others.


     Our administrative expenses increased from RMB46.01 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to RMB53.03
     million for the six months ended June 30, 2026, representing an increase of 15.26%. The increase in our administrative
     expenses was primarily attributable to (i) the increase in professional service expenses of RMB3.07 million, which was
     primarily the consultants’ fees arising from a top-up subscription; (ii) the increase in depreciation and amortization
     expenses of RMB2.32 million.


     R&D Expenses
     Our R&D expenses primarily consist of (i) staff remuneration; (ii) share-based payments; (iii) other miscellaneous purchases
     and reimbursements; (iv) technical service fee engaging external organization for development; and (v) service fee and
     cloud service fee.


     Our R&D expenses decreased from RMB68.15 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to RMB63.45 million
     for the six months ended June 30, 2026, representing a decrease of 6.90%. The decrease in our R&D expenses was
     primarily due to the fact that service fee and cloud service fee decreased by RMB4.53 million as compared with the
     same period last year, representing a decrease of 66.63%. Among them, the cloud service fee included service fee for
     cloud service providers and other service fee.


     Finance Costs
     Our finance costs primarily consist of (i) interest expense on long-term bond; (ii) interest on bank borrowings; and (iii)
     interest on lease liabilities.


     Our finance costs decreased from RMB11.98 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025 to RMB10.91 million for
     the six months ended June 30, 2026, representing a decrease of 8.93%. The decrease in our finance costs was primarily
     due to the decrease in interest on long-term bond.


     Loss for the period
     As a result of the above, we recorded a loss of RMB126.88 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025, as compared
     to a loss of RMB134.58 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026.
                                                                                                       Interim Report 2026   23




                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Capital Management
The primary objectives of the Group’s capital management are to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a going
concern and to maintain healthy capital ratios in order to support its business and maximize value to our shareholders
(the “Shareholders”).


The Group manages its capital structure and makes adjustments to it in light of changes in economic conditions and the
risk characteristics of the underlying assets. To maintain or adjust the capital structure, the Group may return capital
to the Shareholders or issue new shares. The Group is not subject to any externally imposed capital requirements. No
changes were made in the objectives, policies or processes for managing capital during the six months ended June
30, 2026.


Liquidity and Capital Resources
The Group primarily relied on net proceeds from global offering, long-term bonds, and bank borrowings as major
sources of liquidity. The Group has always adopted a prudent treasury management policy. The Group places strong
emphasis on having funds readily available and accessible and is in a stable liquidity position with sufficient funds in
standby banking facilities to cope with daily operations and meet its future development demands for capital.


As of June 30, 2026, the current assets of the Group were RMB959.60 million, of which cash and cash equivalents
amounted to RMB658.44 million, which were primarily held in RMB, and other current assets amounted to RMB301.16
million. The Group’s cash and cash equivalent increased by RMB370.52 million to RMB658.44 million as at June 30,
2026 from RMB287.92 million as at June 30, 2025. The increase was mainly due to net proceeds from the Top-up
Subscription.


As of June 30, 2026, the current liabilities of the Group were RMB414.65 million, including trade payables of RMB50.39
million, contract liabilities of RMB21.69 million, bank and other borrowings of RMB333.88 million and lease liabilities
of RMB8.00 million.


Borrowings
As of June 30, 2026, the Group had outstanding borrowings of approximately RMB333.88 million (June 30, 2025:
RMB143.10 million) which were denominated in RMB and USD and bearing interest at fixed interest rates ranging from
2.10% to 3.30% per annum.


Charges on Group Assets
As of June 30, 2026, there were no charges on assets of the Company (June 30, 2025: nil).
24   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     Key Financial Ratios
     The following table sets forth the key financial ratios of our Group for the dates indicated:


                                                                                                  For the six months ended June 30/
                                                                                                             As at June 30,
                                                                                                              2026             2025


     Gross margin                                                                                              45.6%              40.8%
     Current ratio(1)                                                                                             2.3                2.4
     Average trade payables turnover days(2)                                                                     49.9               15.8
     Average trade receivables turnover days(3)                                                                 264.0              219.4
     Gearing ratio(4)                                                                                             0.8               0.58


     Notes:

     (1)      Current ratio equals current assets divided by current liabilities as of the end of the reporting period.

     (2)      Trade payable turnover days for a period equals the arithmetic mean of the beginning and ending trade payables balances
              divided by cost of sales for that period and multiplied by the number of days in that period.

     (3)      Trade receivable turnover days for a period equals the arithmetic mean of the beginning and ending trade receivable balances
              divided by revenue for that period and multiplied by the number of days in that period.

     (4)      Gearing ratio equals total borrowings divided by total equity attributable to equity holders of the Company as of the end of
              the reporting period.


     Significant Investments
     As at June 30, 2026, the Group did not hold any significant investments. The Group does not have other plans for
     significant investments or capital assets as of the date of this report.


     Contingent Liabilities
     The Group did not have any material contingent liabilities as of June 30, 2026.


     Material Acquisitions and Disposals
     The Group did not have any material acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures for the six
     months ended June 30, 2026.


     Capital Expenditure and Commitments
     Our capital expenditure for the six months ended June 30, 2026 was RMB10.82 million, compared to RMB21.55 million
     for the six months ended June 30, 2025. The increase was primarily due to (i) capital expenditures related to purchase
     of right-of-use assets decreased by RMB4.13 million as compared with last period; and (ii) capital expenditures related
     to purchase of intangible assets decreased by RMB5.87 million as compared with last period.


     As of June 30, 2026, we had capital commitments of RMB0.28 million, primarily in connection with expenditures in
     respect of the acquisition of equipment and machineries and renovation of leasehold properties.
                                                                                                          Interim Report 2026   25




                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



Foreign Currency Risk
As at June 30, 2026, the Group mainly operated in China and a majority of its transactions were settled in RMB, the
functional currency of the Company’s primary subsidiaries.


A portion of the Group’s transactions were dominated in RMB, Hong Kong dollars, US dollars and Japanese yen. Except
for certain restricted bank deposits, bank balances and cash, other receivables, bank and other borrowings and lease
liabilities denominated in foreign currencies, the Group did not have significant foreign exchange risk exposure from
its operations during the Reporting Period. We currently do not have a foreign currency hedging policy. However, our
management continuously monitors foreign exchange exposure and will consider hedging significant foreign currency
exposure should the need arise.


Non-IFRS Measures
To supplement our consolidated statements of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, which are presented
in accordance with IFRS, we also use adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure) as an additional financial measure, which
is not required by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS. We believe this non-IFRS measure facilitates comparisons of
operating performance from period to period and company to company by eliminating potential impacts of certain
items. We believe this measure provides useful information to investors and others in understanding and evaluating
our consolidated results of operations in the same manner as they help our management in assessing our results of
operations. The fair value loss of financial liabilities at FVTPL is adjusted because it will cease upon the completion of
the Global Offering; share-based payments are adjusted because they are non-cash in nature. However, our non-IFRS
measure does not have a standardized meaning prescribed by IFRS, and our adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure) may
not be comparable to similarly titled measures presented by other companies. The use of this non-IFRS measure has
limitations as an analytical tool, and you should not consider it in isolation from, or as a substitute for an analysis of,
our results of operations or financial condition as reported under IFRS.


We define adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure) as loss and total comprehensive expense for the period adjusted by
adding back fair value loss of financial liabilities at FVTPL and share-based payments, both being non-cash in nature.
26   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     The following table reconciles adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure) for the periods indicated to the nearest financial
     measure calculated and presented in accordance with IFRS, which is loss and total comprehensive expense for the period:


                                                                                     For the six months ended June 30
                                                                                                 2026            2025
                                                                                            RMB’000           RMB’000


     Reconciliation of loss and total comprehensive expense for
       the period to adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure)
     Loss and total comprehensive expense for the period                                     (134,581)            (126,881)


     Add:
     Fair value loss of financial liabilities at FVTPL                                              –                     –
     Share-based payments                                                                      35,396                38,859
     Adjusted net loss (non-IFRS measure)                                                     (99,185)              (88,022)


     Employees and Remuneration Policy
     As of June 30, 2026, we had 165 employees in total, and all our employees were based in Mainland China. The following
     table sets forth the number of our employees categorized by function as of June 30, 2026 and June 30, 2025.


                                                                                          Number of             Number of
                                                                                        employees as          employees as
                                                                                          of June 30,          of June 30,
                                                                                                2026                 2025


     Management and Administrative                                                                  31                   31
     R&D                                                                                           118                  128
     Marketing                                                                                      16                   14


     Total                                                                                         165                  173


     The total remuneration cost incurred by the Group was RMB77.13 million for the six months ended June 30, 2026, and
     RMB77.49 million for the six months ended June 30, 2025. The decrease in remuneration cost was primarily attributable
     to a decrease in the number of staff.


     Our employees’ remuneration consists of salaries, bonuses, employees’ provident fund and social security contributions
     and other welfare payments. In accordance with applicable Chinese laws, we have made contributions to social security
     insurance funds (including pension plan, unemployment insurance, work-related injury insurance, medical insurance
     and maternity insurance), supplemental medical insurance and housing funds for our employees.
                                                                                                        Interim Report 2026   27




                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



To maintain our workforce’s quality, knowledge, and skill levels, we are committed to continuously enhancing our team’s
technical expertise, continuing education, project management capabilities and service quality with a comprehensive
training system, including periodic technical training and regular sharing of industry insight to accelerate the learning
progress and improve the knowledge and skill levels of our workforce. We also conduct training for our employees to
abide by our anti-bribery and anti-corruption compliance requirements and applicable laws and regulations to eliminate
bribery and corruption risks.


Furthermore, we provide various incentives and benefits to our employees, including competitive salaries, bonuses and
share-based payment, particularly our key employees. The Company has adopted a share award scheme on July 30,
2023. For further details, please refer to the section headed “Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme” in Appendix IV to the
prospectus of the Company dated December 30, 2024 (the “Prospectus”) and the section headed “Incentive Plans
Adopted by the Company” in this report.


CHARGE ON ASSETS
As of June 30, 2026, there was no charge on assets of our Group (June 30, 2025: nil).


CAPITAL EXPENDITURES AND CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
We make capital expenditures to expand our operations, upgrade our property, plant and equipment and facilities,
and increase our operating efficiency. We expect to incur capital expenditures primarily in relation to, among others,
purchase of property, plant and equipment. We expect to finance such capital expenditures through a combination of
operating cash flows, net proceeds from the Global Offering and bank and other borrowings. We also made capital
commitment primarily in connection with expenditures in respect of the acquisition of equipment and machineries and
leasehold improvements. Details of our capital commitments are set out in Note 22 to the financial statements.


TREASURY POLICY
Our management performs the treasury functions and continues to monitor our cash requirements from time to time.
If our cash requirements exceed the liquidity we hold at the time, our Company may seek credit facilities and external
borrowings or issue securities as it considers necessary and appropriate.


SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS AND MATERIAL ACQUISITION AND DISPOSAL OF SUBSIDIARIES,
ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
As at June 30, 2026, we did not hold any significant investments. For the Reporting Period, we did not have material
acquisitions or disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.


FUTURE PLANS FOR SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS AND CAPITAL ASSETS
As at June 30, 2026, save as disclosed in the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds” in the Prospectus and
the sections headed “Use of Proceeds from the Global Offering” and “Use of Proceeds from the Top-up Subscription”
in this report, we did not have any other future plans for significant investments or capital assets.


FINANCIAL RATIOS
As at June 30, 2026, our gearing ratio, calculated as total borrowings divided by total equity attributable to equity
holders of the Company, was 80.08% (June 30, 2025: 58.03%).
28   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS



     PRINCIPAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
     The following list is a summary of certain principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group, some of which are beyond
     its control.


     •       If we are unable to successfully complete clinical development, obtain regulatory approval and commercialize
             our product candidates, or experience significant delays in doing so, our business and financial prospects will
             be materially adversely affected.


     •       If we are not able to develop and release new products that are competitive in the market, or develop successful
             enhancements or indication expansions of our System or any future products in a timely manner our products
             may become obsolete and our business, operating results and financial condition could be materially adversely
             affected.


     •       Clinical development is a lengthy, expensive and uncertain process, and unsuccessful clinical trials or procedures
             relating to products and indications under development could have a material adverse effect on our prospects.


     •       Our algorithms and methodologies are complex and may contain errors or may not operate properly, which
             could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations.


     •       Some of our current and future products may be classified or reclassified as Class III medical devices under
             relevant PRC laws and regulations.


     •       If we are unable to develop and successfully maintain adequate sales and commercial distribution capabilities,
             our business and results of operations could be adversely affected. If we are unable to maintain and expand our
             relationships with qualified third-party service providers, or to attract, motivate and retain a sufficient number
             of qualified personnel to support our selling and distribution efforts, sales volumes or margin of our System and
             other products may be adversely affected and we may be unable to extend our market coverage and deepen
             our market penetration as contemplated.


     •       There is also no assurance that we will be able to maintain our sales, which may be adversely affected by many
             factors outside of our control.


     •       Increasingly stringent regulatory requirements could create barriers to our development and introduction of new
             products.


     •       You may lose substantially all your investments in us given the high risks and uncertainties associated with our
             business operations and the cognitive impairment DTx industry.


     •       Our relationships with customers will be subject to applicable anti-bribery, anti-kickback, fraud and abuse and
             other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, exclusion from
             government healthcare programs, contractual damages, reputational harm and diminished profits and future
             earnings.


     However, the above is not an exhaustive list. Investors are advised to make their own judgment or consult their own
     investment advisors before making any investment in the Shares. For further details, please refer to the section headed
     “Risk Factors” in the Prospectus.
                                                                                                                 Interim Report 2026   29




                                    CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER
                                                      INFORMATION


CHANGES IN DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION
The change in information of Directors during the Report Period is as follows:


–        Mr. Tu Lei, an independent non-executive director, has been appointed as a director and managing partner of
         Jing Street Capital (Asia) Limited since February 2026.


Save as disclosed above, there was no change in the Directors’ information since the publication of the Company’s
2025 annual report up to the date of this report which is required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the
Listing Rules.


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVES’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES AND DEBENTURES OF THE COMPANY OR ANY OF ITS ASSOCIATED
CORPORATIONS
As at June 30, 2026, the interests or short positions of the Directors and chief executive of the Company in the Shares,
underlying Shares and debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV
of the SFO), which (a) were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7
and 8 of Part XV of the SFO (including interests and short positions which he/she was taken or deemed to have under
such provisions of the SFO); or (b) were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be recorded in the register
referred to therein; or (c) were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model
Code, were as follows:


Interest in our Company


                                                                                                                   Approximate
Name of Director/                                                                          Number of              percentage of
Chief Executive                 Capacity/Nature of interest                              Shares held(4)          shareholding(5)


Director
Mr. Tan(1)                      Interest in controlled corporation                      275,468,000(L)                    20.28%
                                Interest of spouse                                        6,699,000(L)                     0.49%
                                Beneficial owner                                         18,990,000(L)                     1.40%
                                                                                        301,157,000(L)                    22.17%
Mr. Deng Feng(2)                Interest in controlled corporation                      126,854,000(L)                     9.34%


Chief Executive
Mr. Cai Longjun(3)              Beneficial owner                                           8,842,000(L)                    0.65%

Notes:

(1)      Mr. Tan is interested in 275,468,000 Shares held by ZTan Limited, his controlled corporation.

         Mr. Tan and Ms. Wei Anping are spouses, and hence are deemed to be interested in the interest of each other under the SFO.

         Mr. Tan was granted 27,129,000 Awarded Shares under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme and the outstanding Awards as at
         June 30, 2026 was 18,990,000 Shares.
30   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER
     INFORMATION


     (2)       Mr. Deng Feng is interested in 126,854,000 Shares held by Northern Light Strategic Fund IV L.P., Northern Light Venture Fund
               IV L.P. and Northern Light Partners Fund IV L.P.

     (3)       Mr. Cai Longjun was granted 12,631,000 Awarded Shares under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme and the outstanding Awards
               as at June 30, 2026 was 8,842,000 Shares.

     (4)       The letter “L” denotes the person’s long position in the Shares.

     (5)       As at June 30, 2026, the Company has a total of 1,358,278,000 Shares in issue.


     Interest in associated corporation

                                                                                                                              Approximate
                                                                                                                                percentage
                                                                                                                                 of interest
                                                                                                                                      in the
                                                                                      Amount of registered                       associated
     Name of Director        Nature of interest   Associated corporation              capital/shares held                      corporation


     Mr. Tan                 Beneficial owner     Beijing Yihui Technology Co. Ltd.   RMB385,936 registered capital                  0.76%
                                                    (北京益慧科技有限公司)


     Save as disclosed in this interim report and to the best knowledge of the Directors, as at June 30, 2026, none of the
     Directors or the chief executive of the Company has any interests and/or short positions in the Shares, underlying Shares
     or debentures of the Company or any of its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO) which
     were required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to Divisions 7 and 8 of Part XV of the
     SFO (including interests and short positions which they are taken or deemed to have under such provisions of the SFO)
     or which were required, pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, to be entered in the register referred to therein or which
     were required, pursuant to the Model Code, to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange.
                                                                                                       Interim Report 2026   31




                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER
                                                    INFORMATION


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS ’ INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES
As at June 30, 2026, the following persons (other than the Directors and chief executives whose interests have been
disclosed in this report), had an interest or short position in the Shares and underlying Shares which would fall to be
disclosed to the Company pursuant to Divisions 2 and 3 of Part XV of the SFO or as recorded in the register required
to be kept by the Company pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO:


Interest in our Company


                                                                                                        Approximate
Name of                                                                              Number of         percentage of
Substantial Shareholder            Capacity/Nature of interest                     Shares held(1)     shareholding(2)


ZTan Limited(3)                    Beneficial owner(3)                            275,468,000(L)                20.28%
Mr. Tan(3)(4)(5)                   Interest in controlled corporation(3)          275,468,000(L)                20.28%
                                   Interest of spouse(4)                            6,699,000(L)                 0.49%
                                   Beneficial owner(5)                             18,990,000(L)                 1.40%
                                                                                  301,157,000(L)                22.17%
Ms. Wei Anping(4)                  Interest of spouse(4)                          294,458,000(L)                21.68%
                                   Beneficial owner                                 6,699,000(L)                 0.49%
                                                                                  301,157,000(L)                22.17%
Wispirits Limited(6)               Beneficial owner(6)                             72,832,000(L)                 5.36%
Dr. Wang(6)(7)                     Interest in controlled corporation(6)          147,735,000(L)                10.88%
                                   Beneficial owner(7)                             17,005,504(L)                 1.25%
                                                                                  164,740,504(L)                12.13%
Northern Light Venture             Beneficial owner(8)                            115,729,000(L)                 8.52%
  Fund IV L.P. (“NLVF”)(8)
Northern Light Partners IV L.P.    Interest in controlled corporation(8)          126,854,000(L)                 9.34%
  (“NL Partners”)(8)
Northern Light Venture             Interest in controlled corporation(8)          126,854,000(L)                 9.34%
  Capital IV, Ltd.(8)
Mr. Deng Feng(8)                   Interest in controlled corporation(8)          126,854,000(L)                 9.34%
Crusky Limited(9)                  Beneficial owner(9)                            123,527,000(L)                 9.09%
Mr. Jin Yedong(9)                  Interest in controlled corporation(9)          168,030,000(L)                12.37%
Wisdomspirit Holding               Beneficial owner(10)                            85,166,000(L)                 6.27%
   Limited(10)
Trident Trust Company (HK)         Interest in controlled corporation(10)          85,166,000(L)                 6.27%
   Limited (“Trident”)(10)
32   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER
     INFORMATION


     Notes:

     (1)      The letter “L” denotes the person’s long position in the Shares.

     (2)      As at June 30, 2026, the Company has a total of 1,358,278,000 Shares in issue.

     (3)      ZTan Limited was wholly owned by Mr. Tan. Therefore, Mr. Tan is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by ZTan Limited
              under the SFO.

     (4)      Mr. Tan and Ms. Wei Anping are spouses, and hence are deemed to be interested in the interest of each other under the SFO.

     (5)      Mr. Tan was granted Awards to acquire 27,129,000 Shares under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme and the outstanding
              Awards as at June 30, 2026 was 18,990,000 Shares.

     (6)      Wispirits Limited was wholly owned by Dr. Wang. Therefore, Dr. Wang is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by
              Wispirits Limited under the SFO.

              Each of the shareholders of Wiseforward Limited entered into proxy arrangement with Dr. Wang respectively, to allow Dr. Wang
              to have control over the entire voting power thereof, and as such Wiseforward Limited is a controlled corporation of Dr. Wang.
              Therefore, Dr. Wang is deemed to be interested in all the interests of Wiseforward Limited in our Company under the SFO.

              Neurobright Limited was owned as to approximately by 32.82% by Dr. Wang, and each of the shareholders of Neurobright
              Limited entered into proxy arrangement with Dr. Wang respectively, to allow Dr. Wang to have control over the entire voting
              power thereof, and as such Neurobright Limited is a controlled corporation of Dr. Wang. Therefore, Dr. Wang is deemed to
              be interested in all the interests of Neurobright Limited in our Company under the SFO.

     (7)      Dr. Wang was granted Awards to acquire 26,946,000 Shares under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme and the outstanding
              Awards as at June 30, 2026 was 17,005,504 Shares.

     (8)      Each of Northern Light Strategic Fund IV L.P. (“NLSF”), NLVF and Northern Light Partners Fund IV L.P. (“NLPF”) is an exempted
              limited partnership established in the Cayman Islands, whose general partner is NL Partners. NL Partners is an exempted limited
              partnership established in the Cayman Islands, whose general partner is Northern Light Venture Capital IV, Ltd., a company
              controlled by Mr. Deng Feng, our non-executive Director. Therefore, each of NL Partners, Northern Light Venture Capital IV,
              Ltd. and Mr. Deng Feng is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by NLSF, NLVF and NLPF.

     (9)      Crusky Limited was wholly owned by Mr. Jin Yedong. Wiseforward Limited which held 44,503,000 Shares was owned as to
              37.12% by Mr. Jin Yedong. Therefore, Mr. Jin Yedong is deemed to be interested in the Shares held by Crusky Limited and
              Wiseforward Limited under the SFO.

     (10)     Wisdomspirit Holding Limited is a company wholly owned by Trident, the trustee of the trust set up by the Company to facilitate
              the administration of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme, of which the Company is the settlor. Therefore, Trident is deemed to
              be interested in the Shares held by Wisdomspirit Holding Limited under the SFO.
                                                                                                                    Interim Report 2026   33




                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER
                                                       INFORMATION


Interest in Members of our Group


                                                                                                                          Approximate
                                                                                                                           percentage
                                                                                                                            of interest
                                                                                                            Amount of            in the
                                                                                                            registered        member
                                                                                                           capital held          of our
Name                                  Nature of Interest       Name of member of our Group                       (RMB)      Group (%)


Shenyang Youyang Future               Beneficial owner         Brain Aurora Medical Technology                 150,000            15%
  Technology Co., Ltd. (瀋陽優陽                                     (Liaoning) Co., Ltd. (腦動極光醫療科技
  未來科技有限公司)(1)                                                   (遼寧)有限公司) (“BrainAurora
                                                                 Liaoning”)(1)
Wang Ningning (王寧寧)(1)                Interest in controlled   BrainAurora Liaoning(1)                         150,000            15%
                                         corporation
Zhang Zhiwei (張志偉)(2)                 Beneficial owner         Brain Aurora Medical Technology (Shaanxi)       200,000            20%
                                                                 Co., Ltd. (“BrainAurora Shaanxi”)
                                                                 (腦動極光醫療科技(陝西)有限公司)(2)
Beijing Ruian Enzhuo Biotechnology    Beneficial owner         Beijing Wanxiang Aurora Technology              300,000            30%
   Co., Ltd. (北京瑞安恩卓生物科技                                         Co., Ltd. (北京萬相極光科技有限公司)
   有限公司)(3)                                                      (“Wanxiang Aurora”)(3)
Beijing Fanhai Wanxiang Technology    Interest in controlled   Wanxiang Aurora(3)                              300,000            30%
   Co., Ltd. (北京泛海萬象科技有限                 corporation
   公司)(3)
Li Deming (李德名)(3)                    Interest in controlled   Wanxiang Aurora(3)                              300,000            30%
                                         corporation
Chengdu Kerui Dite Enterprise         Beneficial owner         Sichuan Huiyu Aurora Medical Technology         200,000            20%
  Management Co., Ltd. (成都克瑞                                      Co., Ltd. (四川慧譽極光醫療科技有限
  帝特企業管理有限公司)(4)                                                  公司) (“Sichuan Huiyu”)(4)
Cao Jiaxuan (曹家宣)(4)                  Interest in controlled   Sichuan Huiyu(4)                                200,000            20%
                                         corporation
Wang Xiumin (王秀敏)(4)                  Interest in controlled   Sichuan Huiyu(4)                                200,000            20%
                                         corporation
Beijing Anyi Huidong Medical          Beneficial owner         Beijing Hongze Technology Development           428,600            30%
  Technology Co., Ltd. (北京安醫                                     Co., Ltd. (北京浤澤科技發展有限公司)
  匯動醫學科技有限公司)(5)                                                 (“Hongze Technology”) (5)
Shoudu Huizhi Medical Technology      Interest in controlled   Hongze Technology(5)                            428,600            30%
  Outcome Transformation Academy         corporation
  (首都匯智醫療科技成果轉化研究院)(5)
34   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER
     INFORMATION


     Notes:

     (1)      BrainAurora Liaoning is owned as to (i) 85% by Beijing Zhijingling, an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company,
              and (ii) 15% by Shenyang Youyang Future Technology Co., Ltd. (瀋陽優陽未來科技有限公司), which is controlled by Wang
              Ningning (王寧寧). To the best knowledge of our Directors, each of Shenyang Youyang Future Technology Co., Ltd. and
              Wang Ningning is an Independent Third Party and not a connected person at the subsidiary level, taking into account that
              BrainAurora Liaoning is an insignificant subsidiary for the purpose of Rule 14A.09 of the Listing Rules.

     (2)      BrainAurora Shaanxi is owned as to (i) 80% by Beijing Zhijingling, an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and
              (ii) 20% by Zhang Zhiwei (張志偉). To the best knowledge of our Directors, Zhang Zhiwei is an Independent Third Party, and
              not a connected person at the subsidiary level, taking into account that BrainAurora Shaanxi is an insignificant subsidiary for
              the purpose of Rule 14A.09 of the Listing Rules.

     (3)      Wanxiang Aurora is owned as to (i) 70% by Beijing Zhijingling, an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and
              (ii) 30% by Beijing Ruian Enzhuo Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (北京瑞安恩卓生物科技有限公司), which is wholly owned by Beijing
              Fanhai Wanxiang Technology Co., Ltd. (北京泛海萬象科技有限公司), and thus in turn controlled by Li Deming (李德名). To
              the best knowledge of our Directors, each of Beijing Ruian Enzhuo Biotechnology Co., Ltd. and Li Deming is an Independent
              Third Party, and not a connected person at the subsidiary level, taking into account that Wanxiang Aurora is an insignificant
              subsidiary for the purpose of Rule 14A.09 of the Listing Rules.

     (4)      Sichuan Huiyu is a limited liability company established in the PRC on May 22, 2023. As at June 30, 2026, it is owned as to
              (i) 80% by Beijing Zhijingling, an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, and (ii) 20% by Chengdu Kerui Dite
              Enterprise Management Co., Ltd. (成都克瑞帝特企業管理有限公司), a company owned as to 50% and 50% by Cao Jiaxuan (曹
              家宣) and Wang Xiumin (王秀敏) respectively. To the best knowledge of our Directors, each of Chengdu Kerui Dite Enterprise
              Management Co., Ltd., Cao Jiaxuan and Wang Xiumin is an Independent Third Party, taking consideration that Sichuan Huiyu
              is an insignificant subsidiary for purpose of Rule 14A.09 of the Listing Rules.

     (5)      Hongze Technology is owned as to approximately (i) 70% by Beijing Zhijingling, an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the
              Company, and (ii) 30% by Beijing Anyi Huidong Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (北京安醫匯動醫學科技有限公司), which is
              wholly owned by Shoudu Huizhi Medical Technology Outcome Transformation Academy (首都匯智醫療科技成果轉化研究院),
              a social institute under the authority of Beijing Municipal Health Commission, a PRC government body. To the best knowledge
              of our Directors, Shoudu Huizhi Medical Technology Outcome Transformation Academy and its ultimate beneficial owner is
              an Independent Third Party, and not a connected person at the subsidiary level, taking into account that Hongze Technology
              is an insignificant subsidiary for the purpose of Rule 14A.09 of the Listing Rules.


     Save as disclosed above, as at June 30, 2026, no person, other than the Directors and chief executives whose interests
     are set out in the section headed “Directors’ and Chief Executives’ Interests and Short Positions in Shares and Underlying
     Shares and Debentures of the Company or any of its Associated Corporations” had an interest or short position in
     the Shares or underlying Shares which would fall to be recorded in the registry required to be kept by the Company
     pursuant to Section 336 of the SFO.
                                                                                                      Interim Report 2026   35




                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER
                                                 INFORMATION


INCENTIVE PLANS ADOPTED BY THE COMPANY
Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme
The Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme was adopted by the Company and took effect on July 30, 2023 (the “Adoption
Date”). The terms of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme are not subject to the provisions of Chapter 17 of the Listing
Rules as it does not involve any grant of awards by our Company to subscribe for new Shares after the Listing. All
Awarded Shares available for grant have been granted to specific individuals under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme,
and no further grant will be made under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme after the Listing. All the Shares underlying
the Awards granted under the Pre-IPO Share Award have been issued to Wisdomspirit Holding Limited to hold on
behalf and for the benefit of the specified grantees thereunder. The following is a summary of the principal terms of
the Pre-IPO Share Award.


(a)   Purpose
      The specific objectives of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme aims to (i) recognise and reward the contributions of
      certain eligible employees of the Group; and (ii) incentivize them for their future contribution to the continual
      operation and development of the Company.


(b)   Eligibility
      Any individual(s) being an employee (including without limitation any executive director) (other than any
      employee(s) who is resident in a place where the grant of the Awards and/or the vesting and transfer of the
      Awards pursuant to the terms of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme is not permitted under the laws or regulations
      of such place or where in the view of the Board, compliance with applicable laws or regulations in such place
      makes it necessary or expedient to exclude such employee (the “Excluded Employee”)) of any member of the
      Group at any time during the trust period.


(c)   Duration
      Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the Board, the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme shall be
      valid and effective for a term of ten (10) years commencing on the Adoption Date.


(d)   Maximum Number of Shares
      Under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme, the maximum number of Awards that may be granted under the Pre-IPO
      Share Award Scheme in aggregate (excluding the Awards that have lapsed or been cancelled in accordance with
      the rules of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme) shall be 85,166,000, held or to be held by Wisdomspirit Holding
      Limited (the “HoldCo”) for the purpose of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme representing 6.27% of the total
      share capital of the Company as at the date of this interim report.
36   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER
     INFORMATION


     (e)     Administration
             The Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme shall be subject to the administration of the Board in accordance with the
             rules of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme. The Board will make all determination in relation to the Pre-IPO Share
             Award Scheme. The Board may delegate the authority to administer this Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme to any
             committee thereof or any third party duly appointed thereby, including without limitation third party service
             providers and professional trustees (collectively, the “Authorized Administrators”). Any decision of the Board
             with respect to any matter arising under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme (including the interpretation of any
             provision) shall be final and binding on all parties.


     (f)     Price
             Subject to the provisions of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme, the Board may, from time to time, at its absolute
             discretion select any employee (other than any Excluded Employee) for participation in the Pre-IPO Share Award
             Scheme as a selected employee (the “Selected Employee”), and grant such number of Awards to any Selected
             Employee at a consideration as the Board may determine from time to time and in such number and on and
             subject to such terms and conditions as it may in its absolute discretion determine.


     (g)     Vesting
             Unless the Board determines otherwise, the Awards shall be vested according to the following schedule (the
             “Vesting Schedule”):


             (i)     30% of such Awards shall be vested on the date of the first anniversary of the Listing;


             (ii)    30% of such Awards shall be vested on the date of the second anniversary of the Listing; and


             (iii)   40% of such Awards shall be vested on the date of the third anniversary of the Listing.


             Upon the vesting of the Awards, (i) the Board may decide at its absolute discretion to send the Selected Employees
             (with a copy to the Trident Trust Company (HK) Limited (the “Trustee”)), within a reasonable time, a vesting
             notice (the “Vesting Notice”) together with such prescribed transfer documents which require the Selected
             Employee to execute to effect the vesting and transfer of the Awards and, if applicable, the cash or non-cash
             income, dividends or distributions and/or the sale proceeds of non-cash and non-scrip distributions in respect of
             those the Shares underlying the Awards, as the case may be, subject to the Selected Employees paying all tax,
             stamp duty, levies and charges applicable to such transfer to the Trustee or as the Trustee directs and complying
             with all the applicable laws and regulations. The Selected Employees shall be responsible for conducting all
             necessary filings, registration or other administrative proceedings as required by applicable laws, rules or
             regulations, including but not limited to foreign exchange registration, for their obtaining of the Awards; (ii) upon
             receipt of the Vesting Notice, the Selected Employee (or his legal representative or lawful successor, as the case
                                                                                                          Interim Report 2026   37




                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER
                                                  INFORMATION


      may be) is required to return to the Board the reply slip attached to the Vesting Notice to confirm the securities
      account details, together with the relevant duly signed transfer documents. In the event that the Board does
      not receive the reply slip and the transfer form from the Selected Employee within the period stipulated in the
      Vesting Notice, the Awards which would have otherwise vested in such Selected Employee shall be automatically
      forfeited and remain as part of the trust fund and be held by the Trustee or HoldCo. The Trustee may, under the
      Board’s instructions re-allocate or procure the HoldCo to re-allocate such Shares underlying the Awards granted
      to other Selected Employees, or in case no other Selected Employees can be identified, reallocate such Shares
      underlying the Awards granted to any other person designated by the Company; and (iii) subject to the receipt
      by the Trustee of (a) the reply slip to the Vesting Notice and transfer documents prescribed by the Trustee and
      duly signed by the Selected Employee within the period stipulated in the Vesting Notice, (b) a confirmation from
      the Board that all vesting conditions having been fulfilled, and (c) certified copies of the identification documents
      of the Selected Employee and/or the special purpose vehicle wholly owned by the Employee(s) established for
      the purpose of holding the Awards (the “SPV”) at least ten (10) business days prior to the Vesting Date, the
      Trustee shall or procure the HoldCo to transfer the relevant Awards to the relevant Selected Employee or the
      SPV as designated by the Selected Employee as soon as practicable on or after the Vesting Date and in any event
      not later than ten (10) business days after the Vesting Date.


      The Board may at its discretion, with or without further conditions, grant additional Shares out of the trust fund
      (including but not limited to the cash or non-cash income, dividends or distributions and/or the cash income
      or net proceeds of sale of non-cash and non-scrip distribution) declared by the Company or derived from such
      Shares underlying the Awards granted during the period from the grant date to the Vesting Date to a Selected
      Employee upon the vesting of any Awards. In such case the Board shall deliver a grant notice to the Selected
      Employee and the Trustee specifying the number of additional Shares and cash amount to be granted to the
      Selected Employee. The Trustee shall or shall procure the HoldCo to transfer the specified number of additional
      Shares, together with the Shares underlying the Awards granted, to the Selected Employee or the SPV as
      designated by the Selected Employee on the Vesting Date.


      The Board and/or the Authorised Administrator have absolute discretion in determining whether the vesting
      conditions applicable to a Selected Employee are satisfied. The vesting conditions include but not limited to: (i)
      the Selected Employee shall remain an employee of the Group on the relevant vesting dates; (ii) there shall be
      no occurrence of any triggering events for the surrender of the Awards; and (iii) the Selected Employee and his
      associate(s) shall not be employed by or operate or invest in any entity, during the period from the grant date
      to the relevant Vesting Dates, the business of which competes with the core business of the Group.


(h)   Disqualification of Selected Employee
      In the event that prior to or on the Vesting Date, a Selected Employee is found to be an Excluded Employee or
      is deemed to cease to be an Employee, the relevant grant made to such Selected Employee shall automatically
      lapse forthwith and the relevant Awards shall not vest on the relevant Vesting Date but shall remain part of the
      trust fund and be held by the Trustee or the HoldCo.
38   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER
     INFORMATION


                   Unless the Board determines otherwise, the unvested Awards will be deemed to have been surrendered by a
                   Selected Employee upon the occurrence of any of the following events: (i) termination of employment with or
                   without any cause; (ii) unsatisfactory performance leading to demotion; (iii) failure to meet performance appraisal
                   rating for the previous year according to the performance appraisal rating policy of the Company (as amended
                   from time to time); (iv) no renewal of the employment contract upon the expiration; or (v) any other event to
                   be determined by the Board.


     (i)           Voting Rights
                   A Selected Employee shall not have the voting rights or any interest or rights (including the right to receive
                   dividends or other distributions) in respect of the Awards prior to the Vesting Date. The Trustee shall not exercise
                   the voting rights in respect of any Shares held by it under the Trust.


     All the Awards available for granting under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme have been granted before the Listing and
     there are no further awards available for grant pursuant to the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme since the Listing. During
     the Reporting Period, details of the movements in the Awards granted under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme are as
     follows pursuant to Rule 17.12 of the Listing Rules.

                                                                                           Number of Shares underlying the relevant Awards
                                                                                                                                                                                     Approximate
                                                    Number of                         Re-allocated                                                                                     percentage
                                            outstanding Shares                              to the                                    Outstanding                                    in the issued
                                                underlying the        Effect on the       grantee  Vested Cancelled     Lapsed             Awards                                           Shares
                                               Awards granted     Share Subdivision during the during the during the during the              as at Date                                       as at
                                               as at January 1,      and the global Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting               June 30, of grant/        Vesting               June 30,
     Name/Category of grantees                            2026            offering(2)       Period Period     Period     Period             2026(2) re-allocation   period                    2026


     1. Directors, Chief executive or
        our Substantial Shareholders(1)
        Mr. Tan                                         27,129         27,101,871           –   8,139,000            –           –      18,990,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)             1.40%
        Dr. Wang                                        26,946         26,919,054           –   8,084,000    1,856,496           –      17,005,504 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(4)(6)          1.25%
        Mr. Cai Longjun                                 12,631         12,618,369           –   3,789,000            –           –       8,842,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)             0.65%



           Subtotal of Directors, Chief
             executive or our Substantial
             Shareholders                               66,706         66,639,294           – 20,012,000     1,856,496           –      44,837,504 –                –                       3.30%
                                                                                                                                                        Interim Report 2026          39




                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER
                                                                INFORMATION


                                                                           Number of Shares underlying the relevant Awards
                                                                                                                                                                    Approximate
                                    Number of                         Re-allocated                                                                                    percentage
                            outstanding Shares                              to the                                    Outstanding                                   in the issued
                                underlying the        Effect on the       grantee  Vested Cancelled     Lapsed             Awards                                          Shares
                               Awards granted     Share Subdivision during the during the during the during the              as at Date                                      as at
                               as at January 1,      and the global Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting               June 30, of grant/          Vesting            June 30,
Name/Category of grantees                 2026            offering(2)       Period Period     Period     Period             2026(2) re-allocation     period                 2026


2. Other employees
   Wang Junjie                           1,266          1,264,734           –     380,000            –           –           886,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.07%
   Wang Junjie                               –                  –     542,571     542,571            –           –                 – April 15, 2026   Note (5)(6)               –
   Lai Zhiyuan                           1,266          1,264,734           –     380,000            –           –           886,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.07%
   Li Tianyou                            1,266          1,264,734           –     380,000            –           –           886,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.07%
   Yang Xuewen                           1,085          1,083,915           –     326,000            –           –           759,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.06%
   Ma Xiaohui                              940            939,060           –     282,000            –           –           658,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.05%
   Liu Chenyang                            723            722,277           –     217,000            –           –           506,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.04%
   Zhang Kun                               723            722,277           –     217,000            –           –           506,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.04%
   Wang Peng                                 –                  –     652,000     195,600            –           –           456,400 April 15, 2026   Note (5)(6)          0.03%
   Guan Song                               543            542,457           –     163,000            –           –           380,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.03%
   Liu Yanling                             543            542,457           –     163,000            –           –           380,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.03%
   Qing Li                                 543            542,457           –     163,000            –           –           380,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.03%
   Bian Zhiming                            543            542,457           –     163,000            –           –           380,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.03%
   Zhang Maowen                            543            542,457           –     163,000            –           –           380,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.03%
   Zhang Maowen                              –                  –     108,514     108,514            –           –                 – April 15, 2026   Note (5)(6)               –
   Ma Zhujiang                             543            542,457           –     163,000            –           –           380,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.03%
   Dong Yuehui                               –                  –     543,000     162,900            –           –           380,100 April 15, 2026   Note (5)(6)          0.03%
   Hu Erbiao                                 –                  –     543,000     162,900            –           –           380,100 April 15, 2026   Note (5)(6)          0.03%
   Du Xin                                  543            542,457           –     163,000            –           –           380,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.03%
   Qi Yujuan                               543            542,457           –     163,000            –           –           380,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.03%
   Huang Jianxing                          543            542,457           –     163,000            –           –           380,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.03%
   Dong Ming                               543            542,457           –     163,000            –           –           380,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.03%
   Zhou Bing                               543            542,457           –     163,000            –           –           380,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.03%
   Wang Yunxia                             362            361,638           –     109,000            –           –           253,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.02%
   Pan Xingliang                           362            361,638           –     109,000            –           –           253,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.02%
   Dong Xiao                               181            180,819           –      54,000            –           –           127,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.01%
   Luo Chuan                               181            180,819           –      54,000            –           –           127,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.01%
   Li Guohua                               181            180,819           –      54,000            –           –           127,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.01%
   Zhang Feng                              181            180,819           –      54,000            –           –           127,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.01%
   Sun Yuewen                              181            180,819           –      54,000            –           –           127,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.01%
   Li Yaoyu                                181            180,819           –      54,000            –           –           127,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.01%
   Li Yaoyu                                  –                  –     118,591     118,591            –           –                 – April 15, 2026   Note (5)(6)               –
   Gao Wei                                 181            180,819           –      54,000            –           –           127,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.01%
   Liu Chuan                               181            180,819           –      54,000            –           –           127,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.01%
   Liu Chuan                                 –                  –     361,714     108,514            –           –           253,200 April 15, 2026   Note (5)(6)          0.02%
   Li Hai                                  109            108,891           –      33,000            –           –            76,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.01%
   Li Qingsong                             109            108,891           –      33,000            –           –            76,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.01%
   Wei Mingyue                             109            108,891           –      33,000            –           –            76,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.01%
   Cheng Zhenzhen                          109            108,891           –      33,000            –           –            76,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.01%
40   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER
     INFORMATION


                                                                                      Number of Shares underlying the relevant Awards
                                                                                                                                                                               Approximate
                                              Number of                         Re-allocated                                                                                     percentage
                                      outstanding Shares                              to the                                     Outstanding                                   in the issued
                                          underlying the        Effect on the       grantee  Vested Cancelled     Lapsed              Awards                                          Shares
                                         Awards granted     Share Subdivision during the during the during the during the               as at Date                                      as at
                                         as at January 1,      and the global Reporting Reporting Reporting Reporting                June 30, of grant/          Vesting            June 30,
     Name/Category of grantees                      2026            offering(2)       Period Period     Period     Period              2026(2) re-allocation     period                 2026


        Zhang Baoyue                                 109            108,891           –       33,000            –           –            76,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.01%
        Li Penghuai                                  109            108,891           –       33,000            –           –            76,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.01%
        Zheng Miao                                   109            108,891           –       33,000            –           –            76,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.01%
        Chang Sijia                                  109            108,891           –       33,000            –           –            76,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.01%
        Tong Chuantao                                109            108,891           –       33,000            –           –            76,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.01%
        Fan Guoping                                  109            108,891           –       33,000            –           –            76,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.01%
        Li Ruixuan                                   109            108,891           –       33,000            –           –            76,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.01%
        Dai Tian                                     109            108,891           –       33,000            –           –            76,000 July 31, 2023    Note (3)(6)          0.01%
        Wang Danyang                                   –                  –     108,514       32,554            –           –            75,960 April 15, 2026   Note (5)(6)          0.01%
        Li Shiyi                                       –                  –     361,714      108,514            –           –           253,200 April 15, 2026   Note (5)(6)          0.02%
        Zhang Qingge                                   –                  –     108,514       32,554            –           –            75,960 April 15, 2026   Note (5)(6)          0.01%
        Zhang Ziheng                                   –                  –     108,514       32,554            –           –            75,960 April 15, 2026   Note (5)(6)          0.01%
        Yao Yachen                                     –                  –      37,850       37,850            –           –                 – April 15, 2026   Note (5)(6)          0.00%


        Subtotal of other employees               16,722         16,705,278    3,594,496   6,664,616            –           –      13,651,880 –                  –                    1.01%


     Total                                        83,428         83,344,572    3,594,496 26,676,616     1,856,496           –      58,489,384 –                  –                    4.31%


     Notes:

     (1)        Mr. Tan is our executive Director and one of our Substantial Shareholders. Dr. Wang is one of our Substantial Shareholders.
                Mr. Cai Longjun is our CEO.

     (2)        After the Share Subdivision and the global offering, each such Share was split into 1,000 Shares.

     (3)        The Awarded Shares granted shall vest in the following manner:

                (i)         30% of such Awarded Shares shall be vested on the date of the first anniversary of the Listing;

                (ii)        30% of such Awarded Shares shall be vested on the date of the second anniversary of the Listing; and

                (iii)       40% of such Awarded Shares shall be vested on the date of the third anniversary of the Listing.

     (4)        The grant of the Awarded Shares to such grantee were cancelled during the Reporting Period and the Awarded Shares shall
                remain as part of the Trust Fund and subject to re-allocation in accordance with the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme.

     (5)        Upon cessation of employment of certain previous grantees, certain Shares underlying the Awards granted to such grantees
                on July 31, 2023 have been re-allocated to this Selected Employee on the date set out here in accordance with the terms of
                the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme and under the Board’s instructions.

     (6)        These Award Shares were only deemed vested as at June 30, 2026, pending receipts of the corresponding Vesting Notices by
                the Board within the period stipulated therein, failing which the corresponding Award Shares shall be forfeited and subject
                to re-allocation in accordance with the terms of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme and under the Board’s instruction.
                                                                                                       Interim Report 2026   41




                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER
                                                  INFORMATION


Interim dividend
The Board resolved not to declare any interim dividend for the Reporting Period.


Purchase, Sale or Redemption of the Company’s Listed Securities
On January 23, 2026 (before trading hours), the Company, ZTan Limited (the “Seller”) and Guotai Junan Securities
(Hong Kong) Limited (the “Placing Agent”) entered into a placing and subscription agreement (the “Placing and
Subscription Agreement”). On January 27, 2026, the Company completed the placing of 92,000,000 placing Shares
in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Placing and Subscription Agreement, where an aggregate of
92,000,000 placing Shares were successfully placed by the Placing Agent, on a best effort basis, to not less than six
(6) placees, at the placing price of HK$5.6 for each placing Share (the “Top-up Subscription”). On February 5, 2026,
as all conditions for the completion of the Top-up Subscription had been fulfilled, the Company allotted and issued
92,000,000 Top-up Subscription Shares to the Seller at HK$5.6 per Top-up Subscription Share under general mandate
in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Placing and Subscription Agreement. The newly issued shares
represented approximately 7.27% of issued Shares prior to completion, and approximately 6.77% of issued Shares
immediately after completion of the Top-up Subscription. The net proceeds from the Top-up Subscription amounted
to approximately HK$500.68 million.


Save as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries have purchased, redeemed or sold any of the
Company’s listed securities (including sale of treasury shares (as defined in the Listing Rules)) during the Reporting
Period. As at June 30, 2026, the Company did not hold any treasury shares.


Compliance with the Corporate Governance Code
The Company recognizes the importance of good corporate governance for enhancing the management of the Company
as well as preserving the interests of the Shareholders as a whole. The Company has adopted the code provisions as
set out in the Corporate Governance Code contained in Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules as its own code of corporate
governance. The Directors are of the view that during the Reporting Period, the Company has fully complied with all
applicable code provisions as set out in Part 2 of the Corporate Governance Code.


Compliance with the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”)
The Company has adopted the Model Code set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules as its own code of conduct
regarding dealings in the securities of the Company by the Directors and the Company’s senior management who,
because of his/her office or employment, is likely to possess inside information in relation to the Company or its
securities.


Upon specific enquiry, all Directors confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code during the Reporting Period.
In addition, the Company is not aware of any non-compliance of the Model Code by the employees of the Company
who are likely to be in possession of inside information of the Company during the Reporting Period.


Subsequent Event
The Group has no significant event occurred after the Reporting Period which require additional disclosures or
adjustments as at the date of this report.
42   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER
     INFORMATION


     Material Litigation
     The Company was not involved in any material litigation or arbitration during the Reporting Period which could have a
     material and adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. The Directors are also not aware of any
     material litigation or claims that are pending or threatened against the Company since January 1, 2026, and up to the
     date of this report which could have a material and adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations.


     Use of Proceeds from the Global Offering and Placing
     The total net proceeds from the issue of the Company’s shares by the Company in its listing on the Stock Exchange
     amounted to approximately HK$501.3 million, after deducting the underwriting fees and expenses payable by the
     Company in connection with the global offering. There was no change in the intended use of net proceeds as previously
     disclosed in the prospectus of the Company dated December 30, 2024 (the “Prospectus”). The net proceeds from the
     global offering will be utilized in that same manner, proportion and the expected timeframe as set out in the Prospectus
     under the section headed “Future Plans and Use of Proceeds”.


     The following table sets forth a summary of the actual use of the net proceeds from the Listing and their expected
     timeframe of full utilization.


                                                                                                                          Actual utilized        Unutilized
                                                                                                                          amounts as at        amount as at     Expected
                                                                                     Percentage of      Net proceeds          the end of         the end of     timeframe
                                                                                      the total net          from the      the Reporting      the Reporting     for full
                                                                                          proceeds    Global Offering             Period             Period     utilization
                                                                                                       (HK$ in million)   (HK$ in million)   (HK$ in million)


     Conducting further R&D activities, advancing clinical trials for more                  40.0%                200.5              200.5                  0    N/A
        indications, and advancing selling and distribution activities of our Core
        Product, the System;
     Helping establish new cognitive centers for more hospitals across China                16.5%                 82.7               82.7                  0    N/A
        through which hospitals can use our products to diagnose and treat
        patients with cognitive impairment and/or other disorders;
     Strengthening our capabilities in AI and related technologies;                         15.0%                 75.2               75.2                  0    N/A
     Accelerating the research, development and commercialization of other                   5.0%                 25.1               8.61              16.49    By December
        product candidates in and beyond our current product pipeline;                                                                                            31, 2026
     Brain science and DTx research centers in collaboration with academic                  15.0%                 75.2              43.52              31.68    By December
        institutions and hospitals; and                                                                                                                           31, 2027
     Working capital and other general corporate purposes                                    8.5%                 42.6              37.88               4.72    N/A


     Total                                                                                 100.0%                501.3            448.41               52.89
                                                                                                                             Interim Report 2026    43




                                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER
                                                                    INFORMATION


The expected timeframe for utilizing the remaining proceeds is based on the best estimation of the future progress of
business expansion and market conditions made by the Company. It will be subject to change based on the current
and future development of market conditions.


The Company intends to use the net proceeds of the Top-up Subscription (a) to fund research and development
initiatives; (b) for domestic and international market development; (c) for strategic investments and acquisitions; and
(d) to supplement the working capital of the Company and its subsidiaries for general corporate purposes. For the
detailed breakdown and description of the intended use of the proceeds from the top-up subscription and other details,
please refer to the announcements of the Company dated January 23, 2026, January 27, 2026, and February 5, 2026.


As at June 30, 2026, the Company utilized a total of approximately HK$55.34 million of the proceeds. The following
table sets forth a summary of the actual use of the net proceeds from the Top-up Subscription and their expected
timeframe of full utilization.


                                                                                           Actual utilized        Unutilized
                                                                         Net proceeds      amounts as at        amount as at
                                                        Percentage of         from the         the end of         the end of     Expected
                                                        the total net           Top-up      the Reporting      the Reporting     timeframe for
                                                             proceeds     Subscription             Period             Period     full utilization
                                                                        (HK$ in million)   (HK$ in million)   (HK$ in million)


To fund research and development initiatives;                  50.0%            250.34                27.6            222.74     By September
                                                                                                                                   30, 2027
For domestic and international market development;             30.0%            150.20               27.74            122.46     By June
                                                                                                                                   30, 2027
For strategic investments and acquisitions; and                10.0%              50.07                  0              50.07    By June
                                                                                                                                   30, 2027
To supplement the working capital of the Company and           10.0%              50.07                  0              50.07    By December
  its subsidiaries for general corporate purposes.                                                                                 31, 2026


Total                                                         100.0%            500.68               55.34            445.34


The expected timeframe for utilizing the remaining proceeds is based on the best estimation of the future progress of
business expansion and market conditions made by the Company. It will be subject to change based on the current
and future development of market conditions.
44   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER
     INFORMATION


     Audit Committee and Auditor
     As at the date of this report, the audit committee of the Board (the “Audit Committee”) has three members comprising
     three independent non-executive Directors, being Mr. Lam Yiu Por (林曉波) (chairman of the Audit Committee with
     the appropriate professional qualifications), Dr. Duan Tao (段濤) and Mr. Tu Lei (涂雷), with terms of reference in
     compliance with the Listing Rules.


     The Audit Committee has reviewed the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the Group for the
     six months ended June 30, 2026 and discussed matters with respect to the accounting policies and practices adopted
     by the Company with senior management members and the Group’s auditor, Messrs. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu. The
     condensed consolidated financial statements of the Group for the six months ended June 30, 2026 have been reviewed
     by Messrs. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu, in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review
     of Interim Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” issued by the International
     Accounting Standards Board.


     Enhanced Internal Control
     Reference is made to the disclosure in the section headed “Significant Investments and Material Acquisition and Disposal
     of Subsidiaries, Associates and Joint Ventures” of the Company’s 2025 annual report in connection with our subscription
     of the Wealth Management Product (as defined therein). With a view to ensuring our full and timely compliance with
     the requirements under Chapter 14 of the Listing Rules, we have implemented the following enhanced internal control
     procedures as disclosed in the Company’s announcement dated December 15, 2025 and 2025 annual report:


     •       Our legal advisor has circulated detailed training guidelines and memorandums to the key personnel, directors
             and senior management of the Company, including those members of the investment planning department, in
             relation to the notifiable and connected transactions under the Listing Rules, including subscription of wealth
             management products, and will continue to do so on an as-need basis.


     •       We have improved our financial control system and the communication, coordination and reporting arrangement
             for notifiable transactions among the relevant departments. Prior to entering into any relevant potential
             transactions, the finance team will perform size test analysis during their preparation of the investment proposal
             and feasibility report for review by the investment planning department, and where notifiable transaction
             threshold is met, notify the relevant departments, e.g. the legal department, of the details of the proposed
             transaction and circulate the relevant drafts of transaction agreements for their review. The proposed transaction
             will then be submitted to the Board if its discussion or approval is needed. This procedure ensures that before any
             transaction is executed, it is escalated to the relevant departments, including our investment planning department
             and general manager and, where it requires Board’s discussion or approval, to the Board. Furthermore, the
             performance of a “size test analysis” under the Listing Rules requires the finance team to correctly classify the
             nature of the asset (i.e., whether it is a cash equivalent or a financial asset) in order to calculate the applicable
             percentage ratios under Chapter 14. This mandatory pre-transaction financial control and size test analysis
             is designed to catch and correct any misclassification by operational staff before the Company commits to a
             transaction.
                                                                                                            Interim Report 2026   45




                                 CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER
                                                   INFORMATION


•      We will continue to arrange training, on a semi-annual basis and/or on ad hoc basis when necessary, covering
       notifiable transactions and the reporting and disclosure obligations under the Listing Rules, and circumstances
       when prior consultation with compliance adviser are necessary. The last three training sessions were completed
       in September 2025, March 2026 and August 2026. The training sessions equip the operational staff with the
       knowledge to distinguish between transactions involving cash equivalents and those involving financial assets
       at fair value.


•      We will continue to consult our legal adviser and compliance adviser on a weekly basis and prior to conducting
       any proposed transactions with respect to compliance with the Listing Rules, securities laws and other applicable
       laws in Hong Kong. We have established an instant messaging chat group to facilitate prompt discussion,
       information sharing and issue escalation with the compliance adviser, the legal adviser, the auditor and the share
       registrar. This mechanism shifted the detection mechanism from a retrospective review (e.g., checking monthly
       account and the annual and interim results after the facts) to a prospective and real-time monitoring framework.
       Furthermore, this continuous communication channel ensures that any significant cash movement or investment
       proposal is escalated to the Company’s external advisers, providing an additional layer of scrutiny. The “instant
       messaging chat group” ensures that information flows rapidly, facilitating early detection and escalation.


The Directors, through the Audit Committee of the Company, have reviewed and assessed our risk management,
internal control and the results of an independent assessment of selected enhanced internal control policies and
procedures above (our “Enhanced RM and IC Policies and Procedures”). The scope of the assessment (the “IC
Review Scope”) covered the period from July 2025 to June 2026 (the “IC Review Period”), covering the following
key areas: (i) corporate governance and control environment, (ii) financial reporting and disclosure, (iii) treasury and cash
management, and (iv) related party management, and testing the design and operating effectiveness of the Company’s
internal control systems, including the Enhanced RM and IC Policies and Procedures against the risk areas and identifying
further enhancements that may be needed to address internal control matter in connection with the classification and
subscription of wealth management products and the related monitor and early detection of the cash outflow and the
corresponding increase in financial assets arising from any such subscription (the “Internal Control Matter”).


Based on their review and assessment within the IC Review Scope during the IC Review Period, the Directors are not
aware of any material findings or defects in respect of the Internal Control Matter following implementation of our
Enhanced RM and IC Policies and Procedures. On that basis, the Board considered that our Enhanced RM and IC Policies
and Procedures that are currently in place are adequate and effective to address the Internal Control Matter.
46   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE AND OTHER
     INFORMATION


     CAUTIONARY LANGUAGE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
     All statements in this report that are not historical fact or that do not relate to present facts or current conditions are
     forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements express the Group’s current views, projections, beliefs
     and expectations with respect to future events as of the date of this report. Such forward-looking statements are based
     on a number of assumptions and factors beyond the Group’s control. As a result, they are subject to significant risks
     and uncertainties, and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements and the
     forward-looking events discussed in this report might not occur. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited
     to, those detailed under the heading “Principal Risks and Uncertainties” in our most recent annual report and interim
     report and other announcements and reports made available on our corporate website, 66nao.cn. No representation
     or warranty is given as to the achievement or reasonableness of, and no reliance should be placed on, any projections,
     targets, estimates or forecasts contained in this report.




     By order of the Board
     BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited
     腦動極光醫療科技有限公司
     Tan Zheng
     Chairman and Executive Director

     September 29, 2026
                                                                                                         Interim Report 2026   47




        REPORT ON REVIEW OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED
                               FINANCIAL STATEMENTS




To the Board of Directors of BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited
(incorporated in the Cayman Islands with limited liability)

INTRODUCTION
We have reviewed the condensed consolidated financial statements of BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Group”) set out on pages 48 to 77, which comprise
the condensed consolidated statement of financial position as at June 30, 2026, and the related condensed consolidated
statement of profit or loss and other comprehensive income, condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity
and condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the six-month period then ended, and notes to the condensed
consolidated financial statements. The Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong
Limited require the preparation of a report on interim financial information to be in compliance with the relevant
provisions thereof and International Accounting Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” (“IAS 34”) as issued by
the International Accounting Standards Board. The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation and
presentation of these condensed consolidated financial statements in accordance with IAS 34. Our responsibility is to
express a conclusion on these condensed consolidated financial statements based on our review, and to report our
conclusion solely to you, as a body, in accordance with our agreed terms of engagement, and for no other purpose.
We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this report.


SCOPE OF REVIEW
We conducted our review in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Review Engagements 2410 “Review of Interim
Financial Information Performed by the Independent Auditor of the Entity” as issued by the Hong Kong Institute
of Certified Public Accountants. A review of these condensed consolidated financial statements consists of making
inquiries, primarily of persons responsible for financial and accounting matters, and applying analytical and other review
procedures. A review is substantially less in scope than an audit conducted in accordance with Hong Kong Standards
on Auditing and consequently does not enable us to obtain assurance that we would become aware of all significant
matters that might be identified in an audit. Accordingly, we do not express an audit opinion.


CONCLUSION
Based on our review, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the condensed consolidated
financial statements are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with IAS 34.




Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu
Certified Public Accountants

Hong Kong
August 28, 2026
48   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR
     LOSS AND OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




                                                                               For the six       For the six
                                                                            months ended      months ended
                                                                                 June 30,          June 30,
                                                                                     2026             2025
                                                                    NOTES        RMB’000          RMB’000
                                                                              (unaudited)       (unaudited)


     Revenue                                                          4           119,883          100,051
     Cost of sales                                                                (65,269)         (59,200)


     Gross profit                                                                  54,614            40,851
     Other income                                                     5            12,358             7,281
     Other expenses and other gains and losses, net                   6           (23,633)           (4,415)
     Impairment losses (including reversals of impairment losses)
         on financial assets                                         13           (14,159)           (9,684)
     Selling and distribution expenses                                            (36,349)          (30,445)
     Administrative expenses                                                      (53,029)          (46,008)
     Research and development expenses                                            (63,445)          (68,149)
     Finance costs                                                    7           (10,908)          (11,975)
     Listing expenses                                                                   –            (2,670)


     Loss before tax                                                             (134,551)         (125,214)
     Income tax expense                                               8               (30)           (1,667)


     Loss and total comprehensive expense for the period              9          (134,581)         (126,881)


     Loss for the period attributable to:
       Owners of the Company                                                     (134,004)         (126,365)
       Non-controlling interests                                                     (577)             (516)


                                                                                 (134,581)         (126,881)


     Loss per share (RMB)                                            11
       Basic                                                                         (0.10)           (0.11)
       Diluted                                                                       (0.10)           (0.11)
                                                                        Interim Report 2026   49




CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
                                     POSITION
                                                                     AS AT JUNE 30, 2026




                                                             As at               As at
                                                          June 30,        December 31,
                                                             2026                2025
                                               NOTES      RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                       (unaudited)            (audited)


NON-CURRENT ASSETS
 Property, plant and equipment                             25,120                 27,114
 Right-of-use assets                                       14,533                 18,107
 Intangible assets                                         15,290                 12,671
 Prepayments and other receivables              12         32,188                 13,539


                                                           87,131                 71,431


CURRENT ASSETS
 Trade and other receivables and prepayments    12        204,196               128,749
 Restricted bank deposits                       14         95,899               101,193
 Bank balances and cash                         14        658,436               430,358
 Tax recoverable                                            1,064                 1,157


                                                          959,595               661,457


CURRENT LIABILITIES
 Trade and other payables                       15         50,394                51,366
 Contract liabilities                           17         21,691                17,817
 Tax liabilities                                               34                    10
 Lease liabilities                                          7,995                 7,621
 Bank and other borrowings                      18        333,884               346,089
 Deferred income                                              651                 1,038


                                                          414,649               423,941


NET CURRENT ASSETS                                        544,946               237,516


TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                     632,077               308,947
50   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL
     POSITION
     AS AT JUNE 30, 2026




                                                                                           As at             As at
                                                                                        June 30,      December 31,
                                                                                           2026              2025
                                                                      NOTES             RMB’000           RMB’000
                                                                                     (unaudited)          (audited)


     NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
      Lease liabilities                                                                      5,662            9,498
      Long-term bond                                                    16                 208,695          202,314
      Deferred income                                                                          781            1,664


                                                                                           215,138          213,476


     NET ASSETS                                                                            416,939           95,471


     CAPITAL AND RESERVES
      Share capital                                                     19                       1                1
      Reserves                                                                             419,324           97,344


     Equity attributable to owners of the Company                                          419,325           97,345
       Non-controlling interests                                                            (2,386)          (1,874)


     TOTAL EQUITY                                                                          416,939           95,471


     The condensed consolidated financial statements on pages 48 to 77 were approved and authorized for issue by the
     board of directors on August 28, 2026 and are signed on its behalf by:



                                     Mr. Tan Zheng                           Ms. Wang Jingbo
                                        DIRECTOR                                DIRECTOR
                                                                                                                                                      Interim Report 2026      51




     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES
                                        IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                  FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




                                                                               Attributable to owners of the Company

                                                                                                                Shares held
                                                                                                                      under
                                                                                                                    Pre-IPO
                                                                                       Share-based                    Share                              Non-
                                                   Share        Share      Capital       payments       Other        Award Accumulated             controlling
                                                  capital    premium       reserve         reserve    reserve      Scheme       losses    Subtotal   interests       Total
                                                 RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000         RMB’000    RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000
                                                                            (Note i)                  (Note ii)    (Note iii)


At January 1, 2026 (audited)                            1     804,871     1,225,470       188,851     28,938           –*   (2,150,786)    97,345        (1,874)    95,471


Loss and total comprehensive
   expense for the period                               –            –            –             –          –            –    (134,004)    (134,004)       (577)    (134,581)
Recognition of equity-settled
   share-based payments (Note 20)                       –           –             –        35,396          –            –            –     35,396            –      35,396
Disposal of a non-wholly owned subsidiary               –           –             –             –          –            –            –          –           65          65
Issue of shares by way of placing (Note 19)           –###    458,847             –             –          –            –            –    458,847            –     458,847
Transaction costs attributable to
   issue of new ordinary shares                         –      (38,259)           –             –          –            –            –     (38,259)           –     (38,259)
Vesting of Awarded Shares                               –            –            –       (86,710)    86,710           –*            –           –            –           –


At June 30, 2026 (unaudited)                            1    1,225,459    1,225,470       137,537    115,648           –*   (2,284,790)   419,325        (2,386)   416,939


At January 1, 2025 (audited)                            1       6,223     1,225,470       111,640     28,938           –*   (1,835,925)   (463,653)       (371)    (464,024)
Loss and total comprehensive
   expense for the period                               –            –            –             –          –            –    (126,365)    (126,365)       (516)    (126,881)
Recognition of equity-settled
   share-based payments (Note 20)                       –            –            –        38,859          –            –            –     38,859             –     38,859
Reclassification from
   financial liabilities at fair value through
profit or loss (“FVTPL”)                               –#     285,428             –             –          –            –            –    285,428             –    285,428
Issue of shares upon the initial
   public offering (“IPO”)                            –##     539,168             –             –          –            –            –    539,168             –    539,168
Transaction costs attributable to
   issue of new ordinary shares                         –      (25,948)           –             –          –            –            –     (25,948)           –     (25,948)


At June 30, 2025 (unaudited)                            1     804,871     1,225,470       150,499     28,938           –*   (1,962,290)   247,489         (887)    246,602
52   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES
     IN EQUITY
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




     *        The amount at January 1, 2026 represents 85,166,000 (after Share Subdivision as defined in Note 19) shares of BrainAurora
              Medical Technology Limited (the “Company”) with a par value of United States Dollars (“USD”) 0.0000001 each, issued at
              an amount of USD8.5 (equivalent to approximately RMB61) in August 2023. During the six months ended June 30, 2026,
              26,676,616 shares were vested, amounting to USD2.6 (equivalent to approximately RMB21). The amount at June 30, 2026
              represents 58,489,384 shares of the Company with a par value of USD0.0000001 each, amounting to USD5.9 (equivalent to
              approximately RMB40).

              The amount at January 1, 2025 and June 30, 2025 represents 85,166 shares of the Company with a par value of USD0.0001
              each and 85,166,000 shares (after Share Subdivision) of the Company with a par value of USD0.0000001 each, amounting
              to USD8.5 (equivalent to approximately RMB61).

     #
              The amount represents 95,878 Series A-1 Preferred Shares (defined in Note 27 to the Group’s annual consolidated financial
              statements for the year ended December 31, 2025) of the Company with a par value of USD0.0001 each, amounting to
              USD9.6 (equivalent to approximately RMB69).

     ##
              The amount represents 181,112,000 shares of the Company with a par value of USD0.0000001 each, amounting to USD18.1
              (equivalent to approximately RMB130) issued in January 2025.

     ###
              The amount represents 92,000,000 shares of the Company with a par value of USD0.0000001 each, amounting to USD9.2
              (equivalent to approximately RMB64) issued in February 2026.

     Notes:

     i.       Capital reserve represents capital contribution from certain investors of Zhejiang BrainAurora Medical Technology Co., Ltd.* (
              浙江腦動極光醫療科技有限公司) (“BrainAurora Zhejiang”)) and the adjustments recognized arising from a group reorganization
              completed in the year ended December 31, 2023.

     ii.      Other reserve represents the balance of equity-settled share-based payments transferred from share-based payments reserve
              upon vesting.

     iii.     On August 2, 2023, a total of 85,166 shares (the “Awarded Shares”) of the Company had been allotted and issued to
              Wisdomspirit Holding Limited (“HoldCo”), a company wholly owned by Trident Trust Company (HK) Limited (“Trident”), to
              facilitate the administration of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme as defined in Note 20. The Award Shares will be held in the
              HoldCo for the relevant selected participants until such Awarded Shares are vested. Based on the arrangements among the
              Company and Trident, the Company is able to control Trident and its subsidiary HoldCo. Therefore, the Group (as defined
              in Note 1) accounts for Trident and HoldCo as consolidated structured entities. The ordinary shares of the Company held by
              HoldCo are accounted for as a debit to the Group’s reserve and are presented under the heading of “Shares held under Pre-
              IPO Share Award Scheme” in the condensed consolidated statements of changes in equity.

     *        English names are for identification purpose only.
                                                                                          Interim Report 2026   53




           CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH
                                             FLOWS
                                                                   FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




                                                                            For the               For the
                                                                  six months ended      six months ended
                                                                           June 30,              June 30,
                                                                              2026                  2025
                                                                           RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                        (unaudited)           (unaudited)


NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES                                      (138,625)              (110,153)


INVESTING ACTIVITIES
  Interest received                                                           7,549                   5,782
  Purchases of property, plant and equipment                                (17,339)                 (7,523)
  Proceeds from disposal of property, plant and equipment                        54                      24
  Payments for rental deposits                                                  (81)                   (363)
  Purchases of term deposits with original maturity
     over three months                                                       (4,291)                     –
  Purchases of financial assets at FVTPL                                          –               (215,810)
  Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at FVTPL                             –                107,820
  Placement of restricted bank deposit                                      (95,269)              (100,220)
  Withdrawal of restricted bank deposit                                      95,781                 69,495
  Net cash outflow on disposal of a non-wholly owned subsidiary                 (73)                     –
  Payments for intangible assets                                            (12,699)                (7,772)
  Loans to a related party                                                   (1,539)                     –
  Loans to third parties                                                     (8,000)               (18,990)
  Repayments from third parties                                              15,803                      –


NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES                                       (20,104)              (167,557)


FINANCING ACTIVITIES
  Proceeds from bank borrowings                                             125,154               136,872
  Repayment of bank borrowings                                             (137,142)              (15,000)
  Proceeds from issue of shares by way of placing                           458,847                     –
  Proceeds from issue of shares upon IPO                                          –               218,197
  Payments of share issue costs                                             (38,259)              (19,462)
  Interest paid                                                              (4,527)               (1,054)
  Repayment of lease liabilities                                             (4,571)               (6,471)
  Repayment of long-term bond                                                     –               (90,000)


NET CASH FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES                                          399,502               223,082


NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                        240,773                (54,628)

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE BEGINNING OF THE PERIOD                    225,103               343,882

Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                     (13,947)                 (1,332)


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT THE END OF THE PERIOD                          451,929               287,922
54   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




     1.      GENERAL INFORMATION
             The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as an exempted company with limited liability under the
             Companies Law section 165 of the Cayman Islands on April 25, 2023. The address of the Company’s registered
             office is at Palm Grove Unit 4, 265 Smith Road, George Town, P.O. Box 52A Edgewater Way, #1653, Grand
             Cayman KY1-9006, Cayman Islands. The principal place of business of the Company is Block A, Dongsheng
             Science and Technology Park & Fengyeyuan Digital Industry Economic Park, Zhongguancun, 135 Qinghe Road,
             Haidian District, Beijing, the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).


             The shares of the Company have been listed on the Main Board of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
             (the “Stock Exchange”) with effect from January 8, 2025.


             The Company is an investment holding company. Its subsidiaries are principally engaged to offer cognitive
             impairment digital therapeutics (“DTx”) integral software solutions in the PRC. The Company and its subsidiaries
             are hereinafter collectively referred to as the “Group”.


             The condensed consolidated financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”), which is also the functional
             currency of the Company.


     2.      BASIS OF PREPARATION
             The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with International Accounting
             Standard 34 “Interim Financial Reporting” issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (the “IASB”)
             as well as the applicable disclosure requirements of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on the Stock
             Exchange.


     3.      ACCOUNTING POLICIES
             The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the historical cost basis except for
             certain financial instruments that are measured at fair values.


             Other than additional/change in accounting policies resulting from application of amendments to IFRS Accounting
             Standards, the accounting policies and methods of computation used in the condensed consolidated financial
             statements for the six months ended June 30, 2026 are the same as those presented in the Group’s annual
             consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025.
                                                                                                        Interim Report 2026   55




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
                                       STATEMENTS
                                                                               FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




3.    ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Application of amendments to IFRS Accounting Standards
      In the current interim period, the Group has applied the following amendments to IFRS Accounting Standard
      issued by the IASB, for the first time, which are mandatorily effective for the annual period beginning on or after
      January 1, 2026 for the preparation of the Group’s condensed consolidated financial statements:


      Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS7             Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
                                                   Financial Instruments
      Amendments to IFRS 9 and IFRS7             Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity
      Amendments to IFRS                         Annual Improvements to IFRS Accounting Standards -
       Accounting Standard                         Volume 11


      The application of the amendments to an IFRS Accounting Standard in the current interim period has had no
      material impact on the Group’s financial positions and performance for the current and prior periods and/or on
      the disclosures set out in these condensed consolidated financial statements.


4.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION
      (i)    Disaggregation of revenue


                                                                                       For the                  For the
                                                                             six months ended         six months ended
                                                                                      June 30,                 June 30,
                                                                                         2026                     2025
                                                                                      RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                   (unaudited)              (unaudited)


             Provision of the brain function information
                management platform software system (the “System”)
                integral software solutions
             In hospitals                                                                 62,400                  51,780
             Out of hospitals                                                             32,707                  23,097


                                                                                          95,107                  74,877


             Research projects                                                             2,692                     344
             Medical artificial intelligence language model solutions                     21,593                  24,779
             Others                                                                          491                      51


             Total                                                                       119,883                100,051
56   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




     4.      REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
             (i)     Disaggregation of revenue (Continued)


                                                                                             For the                 For the
                                                                                   six months ended        six months ended
                                                                                            June 30,                June 30,
                                                                                               2026                    2025
                                                                                            RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                         (unaudited)             (unaudited)


                     Timing of recognition
                     At a point in time                                                        87,080                76,903
                     Over time                                                                 32,803                23,148


                                                                                              119,883               100,051


                     Geographical market
                     Mainland China                                                           119,666               100,051
                     Macau                                                                        217                     –


                                                                                              119,883               100,051


             (ii)    Segment information
                     Information reported to the executive directors, being the chief operating decision makers (the
                     “CODM”) for the purpose of resources allocation and assessment of segment performance, focuses
                     on types of goods or services delivered or provided. During the current period, the CODM assesses the
                     operating performance and allocates resources of the Group as a whole, as all of the Group’s activities
                     are considered to be primarily the provision of cognitive impairment DTx integral software solutions.
                     Accordingly, the executive directors consider there is only one operating segment under the requirements
                     of IFRS 8 Operating Segments. In this regard, no segment information is presented.
                                                                                                          Interim Report 2026   57




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
                                       STATEMENTS
                                                                                  FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




4.    REVENUE AND SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
      (ii)   Segment information (Continued)
             Geographic information
             The Group’s operations are mainly located in Chinese Mainland. Information about the Group’s revenue
             from external customers is presented based on the location of the operations. Information about the
             Group’s non-current assets is presented based on the geographical location of the assets.


                                                                       Revenue from                   Non-current
                                                                     external customers               assets (Note)
                                                                      For the         For the
                                                                  six months       six months         As at          As at
                                                                       ended            ended      June 30,   December 31,
                                                                June 30,2026    June 30,2025          2026           2025
                                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000
                                                                 (unaudited)      (unaudited)   (unaudited)       (audited)


             Chinese Mainland                                        119,666         100,051        66,212            48,604
             Hong Kong                                                     –               –        10,337             9,852
             Japan                                                         –               –         1,214             1,876
             Macau                                                       217               –             –                 –


                                                                     119,883         100,051        77,763            60,332


             Note:   Non-current assets excluded financial instruments.
58   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




     5.      OTHER INCOME
                                                                                                      For the                    For the
                                                                                            six months ended           six months ended
                                                                                                     June 30,                   June 30,
                                                                                                        2026                       2025
                                                                                                     RMB’000                   RMB’000
                                                                                                  (unaudited)                (unaudited)


             Interest income on bank balances
                and restricted bank deposits                                                               7,772                     6,317
             Government grants related to research
                and development activities                                                                 2,294                       556
             Income from sales of health products (Note)                                                   1,328                         –
             Interest income from short-term loan receivables                                                906                       349
             Interest income from rental deposits                                                             58                        59


             Total                                                                                        12,358                     7,281


             Note:   During the current period, the Group entered into a sales agreement with a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tokyo Lifestyle
                     Co., Ltd., which is listed on the NASDAQ (stock code: TKLF) of sales of health products. The health products are mainly
                     nutritional supplements and functional food, which is accounted for as a single performance obligation. Income from
                     the sales of health products are recognized upon delivery and acceptance by the customer, when control of the goods
                     has been transferred to the customer. The Group is considered as an agent for its contracts with customers relating to
                     the income from sales of health products as the Group did not obtain the control over health products before passing
                     to the customer.
                                                                                    Interim Report 2026   59




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
                                       STATEMENTS
                                                             FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




6.    OTHER EXPENSES AND OTHER GAINS AND LOSSES, NET
                                                                      For the               For the
                                                            six months ended      six months ended
                                                                     June 30,              June 30,
                                                                        2026                  2025
                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                  (unaudited)           (unaudited)


      Net foreign exchange loss                                       (19,366)                 (1,270)
      Donations                                                        (4,000)                      –
      Gain on disposal of a non-wholly owned subsidiary                   149                       –
      Fair value gains on financial assets at FVTPL                         –                   1,012
      Losses on early repayments of long-term bond                          –                  (3,263)
      Losses on lease termination and lease modifications                   –                    (876)
      Others                                                             (416)                    (18)


      Total                                                           (23,633)                 (4,415)


7.    FINANCE COSTS
                                                                      For the               For the
                                                            six months ended      six months ended
                                                                     June 30,              June 30,
                                                                        2026                  2025
                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                  (unaudited)           (unaudited)


      Interest expense on long-term bond                                6,381                 10,921
      Interest on bank borrowings                                       4,270                    759
      Interest on lease liabilities                                       257                    295


      Total                                                            10,908                 11,975
60   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




     8.      INCOME TAX EXPENSE
                                                                                               For the                  For the
                                                                                     six months ended         six months ended
                                                                                              June 30,                 June 30,
                                                                                                 2026                     2025
                                                                                              RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                           (unaudited)              (unaudited)


             Current tax:
               PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                               30                 1,577
             Under provision in respect of prior period:
               PRC Enterprise Income Tax                                                                –                     90


             Total                                                                                     30                 1,667


             The Company was incorporated in the Cayman Islands and is exempted from income tax.


             No Hong Kong profit tax was provided for as there was no estimated assessable profit of the Group’s Hong
             Kong subsidiary that was subject to Hong Kong profit tax.


             Beijing Zhijingling Technology Co., Ltd.* (北京智精靈科技有限公司) (“Beijing Zhijingling”) have been accredited
             as a High-New Technology Enterprise (the “HNTE”) by the Science and Technology Bureau of Beijing and
             relevant authorities in December 2019 for a term of three years ended December, 2021. The HNTE qualification
             of Beijing Zhijingling was further renewed and extended to October 2028. Beijing Zhijingling was subject to a
             preferential income tax rate of 15% from year 2019 to 2028. Pursuant to the notice of the Ministry of Finance
             and the State Administration of Taxation on extending the loss carrying forward period of HNTE and high-tech
             small and medium enterprises (Cai Shui 2018 No. 76), with effect from January 1, 2018, for qualified HNTE and
             high-tech small and medium enterprises, the unutilized tax losses incurred in the previous 5 years can be utilized
             in 10 years from the year of loss. The unutilized tax losses of Beijing Zhijingling incurred since year 2014 will be
             expired in 10 years from the year of loss.

             *       English names are for identification purpose only.
                                                                                                Interim Report 2026   61




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
                                       STATEMENTS
                                                                        FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




9.    LOSS FOR THE PERIOD
                                                                                 For the                For the
                                                                       six months ended       six months ended
                                                                                June 30,               June 30,
                                                                                   2026                   2025
                                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                             (unaudited)            (unaudited)


      Loss for the period has been arrived at after charging:
      Staff costs, including directors’ remuneration
        – salaries and other allowances                                            37,638                 34,848
        – retirement benefits                                                       4,097                  3,787
        – equity-settled share-based payments included in selling
             and distribution expenses                                              4,529                   7,138
        – equity-settled share-based payments
             included in administrative expenses                                   14,063                 15,731
        – equity-settled share-based payments included in research
             and development expenses                                              16,804                 15,990


      Total staff costs                                                            77,131                 77,494


      Listing expenses                                                                  –                   2,670


      Depreciation of property, plant and equipment                                 8,048                   6,607
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                           4,720                   5,495
      Amortization of intangible assets                                               948                     549


      Total depreciation and amortization                                          13,716                 12,651


10.   DIVIDENDS
      No dividends were paid, declared or proposed during the interim period. The directors of the Company have
      determined that no dividend will be paid in respect of the interim period.
62   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




     11.     LOSS PER SHARE
             The calculation of the basic and diluted loss per share attributable to owners of the Company is based on the
             following data:


                                                                                            For the                  For the
                                                                                  six months ended         six months ended
                                                                                           June 30,                 June 30,
                                                                                              2026                     2025
                                                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                        (unaudited)              (unaudited)


             Loss
             Loss for the period attributable to owners of the Company                       (134,004)             (126,365)


                                                                                            For the                  For the
                                                                                  six months ended         six months ended
                                                                                           June 30,                 June 30,
                                                                                               2026                    2025
                                                                                             Shares                   Shares
                                                                                              (’000)                   (’000)
                                                                                        (unaudited)              (unaudited)


             Number of shares
             Weighted average number of Ordinary Shares (defined in Note 27
               to the Group’s annual consolidated financial statements for
               the year ended December 31, 2025) for the purpose of
               basic and diluted loss per share                                             1,280,086             1,170,400


             The ordinary shares issued to HoldCo which are held under Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme are not treated as
             outstanding Ordinary Shares and excluded in the calculation of basic loss per share.


             The weighted average number of Ordinary Shares for the purpose of calculating basic loss per share for the six
             months ended June 30, 2025 has been determined on the assumptions that the Share Subdivision as set out in
             Note 19 had been effective since January 1, 2025.


             For the purpose of calculation of diluted loss per share for the six months ended June 30, 2026 and 2025, it did
             not take into account the effect of the share awards of the Company since the assumed vesting would result
             in a decrease in loss per share.
                                                                                         Interim Report 2026   63




 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
                                   STATEMENTS
                                                                  FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




12.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS
                                                                             As at                As at
                                                                          June 30,         December 31,
                                                                             2026                 2025
                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                       (unaudited)             (audited)


      Trade receivables                                                    208,152               143,491
      Less: allowance for credit losses                                    (55,589)              (50,346)


                                                                           152,563                 93,145


      Prepayments to suppliers and service providers (Note i)               18,823                  9,687
      Receivables from sales of health products                             15,539                      –
      Short-term loan receivables (Notes ii&iii)                            13,050                 20,853
      Rental deposits                                                        3,921                  3,735
      Long-term loan receivables (Note iii)                                  6,000                  6,000
      Value added tax recoverable                                            7,565                  3,115
      Prepayments for purchase of intangible assets                         11,389                  2,257
      Receivables from third party payment platforms                         1,017                    629
      Prepayments for purchase of property, plant and equipment             11,431                    183
      Other deposits                                                           317                    433
      Advances to employees/a related party                                  1,434                  1,919
      Loans to a related party                                               1,539                      –
      Others                                                                   678                    332
      Less: allowance for credit losses                                     (8,882)                     –


      Total                                                                236,384               142,288
64   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




     12.     TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                           As at                   As at
                                                                                                        June 30,            December 31,
                                                                                                           2026                    2025
                                                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                                     (unaudited)                (audited)


             Analyzed as:
               Non-current                                                                                 32,188                   13,539
               Current                                                                                    204,196                  128,749


             Total                                                                                        236,384                  142,288


             Trade and other receivables and prepayments denominated in:
               Australian Dollar                                                                            4,839                        –
               USD                                                                                              –                   14,058
               Hong Kong dollar (“HKD”)                                                                    32,757                    1,585
               RMB                                                                                        198,788                  126,645


                                                                                                          236,384                  142,288


             Notes:

             i.       Included in the prepayments to suppliers and service providers is a prepayment of HKD10,000,000 (equivalent to
                      approximately RMB8,873,000) to a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tokyo Lifestyle Co., Ltd. in March 2026. Pursuant
                      to the Company’s announcement dated March 29, 2026, the Company and Tokyo Lifestyle Co., Ltd. have entered
                      into strategic cooperation agreement to expand into Japan and Southeast Asia markets and build integrated artificial
                      intelligence digital health platform for the elderly. The Group expects to invest approximately HKD15 million across
                      areas including personnel, equipment, and systems.

             ii.      These receivables were short-term loans to third parties, with fixed interest rates from nil to 3.2% per annum, and
                      repayable within one year. The amount is unsecured and unguaranteed.

             iii.     This receivable was long-term loan to a third party company which is engaged in research and development of
                      treatment of obstructive sleep apnea, with fixed interest rate 2.3% per annum, and repayable in four years for both
                      principal and interest. The amount is unsecured and unguaranteed. In April 2026, the Group provided further loans
                      of RMB2,000,000 to the same party which is repayable within one year and presented in short-term loan receivables.
                      This long-term loan receivables of RMB6,000,000 and the short-term loan receivables of RMB2,000,000 was fully
                      impaired as at June 30, 2026 due to the difficulties in obtaining funding, particularly the unsuccessful application of
                      government grants. The Group is considering to initiate legal actions to recover the balance from this borrower.
                                                                                                       Interim Report 2026   65




 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
                                   STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




12.   TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES AND PREPAYMENTS (CONTINUED)
      Before accepting any new customer, the Group uses an internal credit scoring system to assess the potential
      customer’s credit quality and defines credit limits by customer. The Group allows a credit period of 30 to 180
      days to its customers. The following is an aged analysis of trade receivables, net of allowance for credit losses,
      presented based on the respective revenue recognition dates at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                          As at                 As at
                                                                                       June 30,          December 31,
                                                                                          2026                  2025
                                                                                       RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                    (unaudited)              (audited)


      Trade receivables
      0~90 days                                                                          60,690                  34,884
      91~180 days                                                                        25,281                  25,237
      181~270 days                                                                       24,274                  16,166
      271~360 days                                                                       20,792                   6,474
      361~720 days                                                                       21,148                  10,384
      >720 days                                                                             378                       –


      Total                                                                             152,563                  93,145


      As at June 30, 2026, included in the Group’s trade receivables balance are debtors with aggregate carrying
      amount of RMB134,719,000 (December 31, 2025: RMB78,082,000) which are past due as at the reporting date.
      Out of the past due balances, RMB78,417,000 (December 31, 2025: RMB47,899,000) has been past due 90
      days or more and is not considered as in default because the customers are mainly state-owned hospitals which
      are with high credit ratings and frequently repay after due dates but usually settle the amounts in full and the
      amounts are still considered recoverable.
66   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




     13.     IMPAIRMENT LOSSES (INCLUDING REVERSALS OF IMPAIRMENT LOSSES) ON FINANCIAL
             ASSETS
                                                                                         For the                 For the
                                                                               six months ended        six months ended
                                                                                        June 30,                June 30,
                                                                                           2026                    2025
                                                                                        RMB’000                RMB’000
                                                                                     (unaudited)             (unaudited)


             Impairment loss recognised in respect of:
               Trade receivables                                                            (5,277)              (9,684)
               Other receivables                                                            (8,882)                   –


                                                                                          (14,159)               (9,684)


             The basis of determining the inputs and assumptions and the estimation techniques used in the condensed
             consolidated financial statements for the six months ended June 30, 2026 are the same as those presented in
             the Group’s annual financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2025.


     14.     RESTRICTED BANK DEPOSITS AND BANK BALANCES AND CASH
             Restricted bank deposits
                                                                                            As at                As at
                                                                                         June 30,         December 31,
                                                                                            2026                 2025
                                                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                                      (unaudited)             (audited)


             Restricted bank deposits for bank borrowings (Note 18)                        95,815              101,026
             Others                                                                            84                  167


                                                                                           95,899              101,193


             Restricted bank deposits denominated in:
               USD                                                                         95,815              101,026
               RMB                                                                             84                  167


                                                                                           95,899              101,193


             Restricted bank deposits carried fixed interest rates which range from 0.05% to 3.85% per annum as at June
             30, 2026 (2025: 0.05% to 4.23%).
                                                                        Interim Report 2026   67




 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
                                   STATEMENTS
                                                 FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




14.   RESTRICTED BANK DEPOSITS AND BANK BALANCES AND CASH (CONTINUED)
      Bank balances and cash
                                                            As at                As at
                                                         June 30,         December 31,
                                                            2026                 2025
                                                         RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                      (unaudited)             (audited)


      Cash on hand                                             42                    42
      Bank balances                                       451,887               225,061


      Cash and cash equivalents                           451,929               225,103


      Term deposits with original maturity
        over three months and within one year             206,507               205,255


                                                          658,436               430,358


      Bank balances and cash denominated in:
      RMB                                                 299,388                80,546
      HKD                                                  22,104                11,582
      USD                                                 336,944               338,230


                                                          658,436               430,358
68   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




     15.     TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                                       As at                   As at
                                                                                                    June 30,            December 31,
                                                                                                       2026                    2025
                                                                                                    RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                                 (unaudited)                (audited)


             Trade payables                                                                            17,397                   18,759
             Accrued salaries and other allowances                                                      6,176                    9,964
             Refund payables (Note)                                                                       703                      703
             Deposits for the hardware for cognitive training
             out of hospital                                                                           13,288                   12,707
             Payables for acquisition of property, plant and equipment                                  3,813                    3,796
             Other tax payables                                                                         6,119                    2,302
             Payables for research and development activities                                           1,967                    1,776
             Others                                                                                       931                    1,359


                                                                                                       50,394                   51,366


             Note:   In December 2020, the Group terminated certain contracts relate to sales of the System with distributors and a
                     contract related to service for software development. These balances represent refundable prepayments received from
                     distributors and customers and agreed compensation for the early termination of contracts.


             The credit period granted by service providers is generally within 30 days. The following is an aged analysis of
             trade payables based on the date when service provided at the end of the reporting period:


                                                                                                       As at                   As at
                                                                                                    June 30,            December 31,
                                                                                                       2026                    2025
                                                                                                    RMB’000                 RMB’000
                                                                                                 (unaudited)                (audited)


             Trade payables
             within 1 year                                                                             16,525                   18,711
             over 1 year                                                                                  872                       48


             Total                                                                                     17,397                   18,759
                                                                                                     Interim Report 2026   69




 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
                                   STATEMENTS
                                                                            FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




16.   LONG-TERM BOND
                                                                                        As at                 As at
                                                                                     June 30,          December 31,
                                                                                        2026                  2025
                                                                                     RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                  (unaudited)              (audited)


      Carrying amounts repayable:
        Between two to five years                                                     208,695                202,314


      In July 2021, BrainAurora Zhejiang entered into a long-term bond subscription agreement and a supplementary
      agreement with Shaoxing Binhai New Area Biomedical Industry Equity Investment Fund Partnership (LP)* (紹興
      濱海新區生物醫藥產業股權投資基金合夥企業(有限合夥)) (“Shaoxing Fund”). The aggregate subscription amount
      was RMB300 million. The long-term bond carries nominal interests of 6% per annum and will mature on the
      fifth anniversary of a qualified IPO of the Group (since the Company have been listed on January 8, 2025, the
      long-term bond will mature on January 8, 2030). BrainAurora Zhejiang shall pay the nominal interest of 6% per
      annum calculated on a simple basis up to December 31, 2025 no later than December 31, 2025. The principal
      and the interest from January 1, 2026 to the maturity date shall be settled within seven working days from the
      maturity date. The total subscription amount of RMB300 million was received in August 2021. The financial
      liability is measured at amortized cost and the effective interest rate calculated after taking into account of
      nominal interest rate and other directly related issue costs is 6.23%. In June 2025, BrainAurora Zhejiang and
      Shaoxing Fund signed a supplementary agreement, pursuant to which, all early repaid principal before December
      31, 2025 will cease to accrue interest from the date of repayment. BrainAurora Zhejiang repaid the principal
      of RMB90,000,000 to Shaoxing Fund on June 27, 2025 and the adjustment of RMB3,263,000 to the carrying
      amount of the long-term bond is recognized in profit or loss at the date of modification. BrainAurora Zhejiang
      paid RMB76,680,000 interest in December 2025.
70   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




     17.     CONTRACT LIABILITIES
                                                                                                As at                 As at
                                                                                             June 30,          December 31,
                                                                                                2026                  2025
                                                                                             RMB’000               RMB’000
                                                                                          (unaudited)              (audited)


             Research projects                                                                   1,265                    169
             Provision of the System integral
               software solutions in hospitals                                                     229                    387
             Provision of the System integral
               software solutions out of hospitals                                              20,197                17,251
             Other sales                                                                             –                    10


                                                                                                21,691                17,817


             As at January 1, 2025, contract liabilities from customers amounted to RMB10,075,000.


             Revenue recognized during the period ended June 30, 2026 related to contract liabilities balance at the beginning
             of the period amounted to RMB12,859,000.
                                                                                                                  Interim Report 2026   71




 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
                                   STATEMENTS
                                                                                      FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




18.   BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS
                                                                                                  As at                    As at
                                                                                               June 30,             December 31,
                                                                                                  2026                     2025
                                                                                               RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                            (unaudited)                 (audited)


      Other borrowing (Note i)                                                                     6,811                    7,029
      Bank borrowings (Note ii)                                                                  327,073                  339,060


                                                                                                 333,884                  346,089


      Bank and other borrowings denominated in:
        USD                                                                                        6,811                    7,029
        RMB                                                                                      327,073                  339,060


                                                                                                 333,884                  346,089


      Notes:

      i.       In December 2022, BrainAu Medical Technology (Delaware) Co., LLC (“BrainAu (Delaware)”), a subsidiary of the Group,
               entered into a financing agreement with China Frontier Capital Holding Ltd., a shareholder of the Group. According
               to the original financing agreement, the borrowing amounted to USD1 million and is interest free and is due after the
               U.S. Food and Drug Administration approves the Section 510(k) registration for the Cognitive Impairment Assessment
               Software and Cognitive Impairment Treatment Software in the United States of America. During the year ended
               December 31, 2025, the payment term of the borrowing has been modified to payable no later than December 2027.


      ii.      All the bank borrowings carried fixed interests and will mature within one year. The interest rate of the bank
               borrowings as at June 30, 2026 ranged from 2.10% to 3.30% (December 31, 2025: 2.10% to 3.40%) per annum.
               Bank borrowing of RMB90,323,000 was secured by bank deposits amounted to USD14,068,000 (equivalent to
               approximately RMB95,815,000) as disclosed in Note 14. The rest of bank borrowings of RMB236,750,000 are unsecured
               and unguaranteed.
72   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




     19.     SHARE CAPITAL

                                                            Number of shares   Share capital
                                                                                       USD


             Ordinary shares
             Ordinary shares of USD0.0000001 each            500,000,000,000         50,000
             Authorized
             As at January 1, 2025 (audited)                     499,904,122         49,990
             Reclassification of
             series A-1 preferred shares                              95,878             10
             Share Subdivision (Note i)                      499,500,000,000              –


             As at June 30, 2025 (unaudited),
               January 1, 2026 (audited)
               and June 30, 2026 (unaudited)                 500,000,000,000         50,000


             Issued and fully paid
             As at January 1, 2025 (audited)                         989,288             99
             Reclassification of
             series A-1 preferred shares                              95,878             10
             Share Subdivision (Note i)                        1,084,080,834              –
             Issue of shares upon the IPO (Note ii)              181,112,000             18


             As at June 30, 2025 (unaudited)                   1,266,278,000            127


             As at January 1, 2026 (audited)                   1,266,278,000            127
             Issue of shares by way of placing (Note iii)         92,000,000              9


             As at June 30, 2026 (unaudited)                   1,358,278,000            136
                                                                                                                    Interim Report 2026   73




 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
                                   STATEMENTS
                                                                                        FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




19.   SHARE CAPITAL (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                    As at                    As at
                                                                                                 June 30,             December 31,
                                                                                                    2026                     2025
                                                                                                 RMB’000                  RMB’000
                                                                                              (unaudited)                 (audited)


      Presented as                                                                                         1                         1


      Notes:

      i.       Pursuant to the written resolutions of all shareholders of the Company passed on December 24, 2024, each share in
               the then issued and unissued share capital with par value of USD0.0001 each has been split into 1,000 shares of the
               corresponding class with nominal value of USD0.0000001 each effective upon listing (the “Share Subdivision”).

      ii.      On January 8, 2025, 181,112,000 ordinary shares with par value of USD0.0000001 each of the Company were issued
               at the offer price of HKD3.22 per share by way of public offer resulting in an increase of the share capital of USD18.1
               (equivalent to approximately RMB130). An amount of RMB539,168,000, being the excess of the consideration received
               of HKD583,181,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB539,168,000, RMB320,971,000 of which was received as receipts
               in advance from cornerstone investors as at December 31, 2024), over the par value of the ordinary shares of RMB130,
               was credited to share premium. On the same date, the Company’s shares were listed on the Main Board of the Stock
               Exchange.

      iii.     On February 5, 2026, 92,000,000 ordinary shares with par value of USD0.0000001 each of the Company were issued at
               HKD5.60 per share by way of placing resulting in an increase of the share capital of USD9.2 (equivalent to approximately
               RMB64). An amount of RMB458,847,000, being the excess of the consideration received of HKD515,200,000
               (equivalent to approximately RMB458,847,000) over the par value of the ordinary shares of RMB64), was credited to
               share premium.
74   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




     20.     SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS
             On July 30, 2023 (the “Adoption Date”), the Company adopted a pre-IPO share award scheme (the “Pre-IPO
             Share Award Scheme”) to recognize and reward the contributions of certain eligible employees of the Group,
             and incentivize them for their future contribution to the continual operation and development of the Company.
             Subject to any early termination as may be determined by the board of directors, the Pre-IPO Share Award
             Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of 10 years commencing on the Adoption Date.


             Under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme, the maximum number of awards that may be granted under the Pre-IPO
             Share Award Scheme in aggregate (excluding the awards that have lapsed or been cancelled in accordance
             with the rules of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme) shall be 85,166 shares held or to be held by HoldCo for the
             purpose of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme.


             On July 31, 2023, the Company granted 85,166 Awarded Shares under the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme to
             46 grantees (including directors, members of the senior management, and other employees of the Group) (the
             “Pre-IPO Share Award”). Included in the Pre-IPO Share Award, 27,129 Awarded Shares were granted to Mr. Tan
             Zheng, 26,946 Awarded Shares were granted to Dr. Wang Xiaoyi, 15,163 Awarded Shares were granted to the
             other three senior managements and the remaining 15,928 Awarded Shares were granted to other employees.
             Subject to the consummation of the listing of the Company’s shares (the “Listing”) and if certain performance
             and service conditions are met, the Awarded Shares granted shall vest in the following manner: 30% of such
             Awarded Shares shall be vested on the date of the first anniversary of the Listing; 30% of such Awarded Shares
             shall be vested on the date of the second anniversary of the Listing; and 40% of such Awarded Shares shall be
             vested on the date of the third anniversary of the Listing. In June 2025, Dr. Wang Xiaoyi resigned as executive
             director, chief executive officer and chief research officer of the Group, with effect from June 19, 2025. Dr.
             Wang Xiaoyi continues to serve as a consultant to the Group and the 26,946 Awarded Shares granted are not
             forfeited. On April 15, 2026, the company cancelled 1,856,496 (after Share Subdivision) Awarded Shares held
             by Dr. Wang Xiaoyi.


             On April 15, 2026, the Company granted 3,594,496 Awarded Shares to 12 grantees (including members of
             the senior management and other employees of the Group). Included in this grant, 542,571 Awarded Shares
             were granted to one senior management and the remaining 3,051,925 Awarded Shares were granted to other
             employees. Included in this grant, 807,526 Awarded Shares were vested on the first anniversary of the listing; for
             the remaining 2,786,970 Awarded Shares, if certain performance and service conditions are met, the Awarded
             Shares granted shall vest in the following manner: 30% of such Awarded Shares was vested on the date of the
             first anniversary of the Listing; 30% of such Awarded Shares shall be vested on the date of the second anniversary
             of the Listing; and 40% of such Awarded Shares shall be vested on the date of the third anniversary of the Listing.
                                                                                                        Interim Report 2026   75




 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
                                   STATEMENTS
                                                                              FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




20.   SHARE-BASED PAYMENT TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      The following table discloses movements of the Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme:


                                                Outstanding                                                   Outstanding
                                                       as at     Cancelled         Granted         Vested            as at
                                                 January 1,     during the       during the    during the         June 30,
      Category                                         2026         period           period        period            2026


      Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme                 83,428,000     (1,856,496)       3,594,496    (26,676,616)    58,489,384


                                                 Outstanding                                                   Outstanding
                                                        as at     Granted          Forfeited                          as at
                                                  January 1,    during the        during the         Share        June 30,
      Category                                         2025         period            period    subdivision          2025


      Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme                      83,971             –                –    83,887,029      83,971,000


      The fair value of each Award Share on July 31, 2023 was RMB3,222.98 which was determined based on the
      price of the Company’s ordinary shares at the grant date.


      The fair value of each granted Award Share on April 15, 2026 was HKD4.19 (equivalent to approximately
      RMB3.67) which was determined based on the price of the Company’s ordinary shares at the grant date.


      The Group recognized a share award expense of RMB35,396,000 in respect of the Pre-IPO Share Award during
      the six months ended June 30, 2026 (the six months ended June 30, 2025: RMB38,859,000).
76   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
     STATEMENTS
     FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




     21.     RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS
             a.      Name and relationship


                     Names                      Relationships


                     Mr. Tan Zheng              Executive Director of the Company


             b.      The Group had the following related party transactions and balances with related parties:


                                                                                Loans to a
                                                                   As at     related party     Repayment
                                                              January 1,        during the      during the       As at June 30,
                     Category                                      2026             period          period                2026
                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                               (audited)                                            (unaudited)


                     Mr. Tan Zheng                                      –            1,539                –              1,539


                     Loans to a related party are unsecured, interest free and repayable on demand.


                                                                             Advance to a
                                                                   As at     related party      Settlement
                                                              January 1,        during the      during the       As at June 30,
                     Category                                      2026             period           period               2026
                                                                RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                               (audited)                                            (unaudited)


                     Mr. Tan Zheng                                      –              750              750                  –


                                                                              Advance to a
                                                                    As at     related party      Settlement
                                                                January 1,       during the      during the      As at June 30,
                     Category                                       2025             period           period              2025
                                                                 RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                 (audited)                                          (unaudited)


                     Mr. Tan Zheng                                  2,059                –            2,059                  –
                                                                                               Interim Report 2026   77




 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
                                   STATEMENTS
                                                                        FOR THE SIX MONTHS ENDED JUNE 30, 2026




21.   RELATED PARTY BALANCES AND TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      c.     Compensation of key management personnel
             The emoluments of key management during the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                                 For the               For the
                                                                       six months ended      six months ended
                                                                                June 30,              June 30,
                                                                                   2026                  2025
                                                                                RMB’000              RMB’000
                                                                             (unaudited)           (unaudited)


             Short-term employee benefits                                           6,893                 7,378
             Retirement benefits                                                      105                   156
             Equity-settled share-based payments                                   18,449                32,470


                                                                                   25,447                40,004


22.   CAPITAL COMMITMENTS
                                                                                    As at               As at
                                                                                 June 30,        December 31,
                                                                                    2026                2025
                                                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000
                                                                              (unaudited)            (audited)


      Capital expenditure contracted but not provided for
        in respect of acquisition of equipment and machineries and
        leasehold improvements                                                        280                    392


23.   EVENT AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
      There is no significant event after the reporting period.
78   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS



     All statements in this report that are not historical fact or that do not relate to present facts or current conditions are
     forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements express the Group’s current views, projections, beliefs
     and expectations with respect to future events as of the date of this report. Such forward-looking statements are based
     on a number of assumptions and factors beyond the Group’s control. As a result, they are subject to significant risks
     and uncertainties, and actual events or results may differ materially from these forward-looking statements and the
     forward-looking events discussed in this report might not occur. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited
     to, those detailed under the heading “Principal Risks and Uncertainties” in our most recent annual report and interim
     report and other announcements and reports made available on our corporate website, 66nao.cn. No representation
     or warranty is given as to the achievement or reasonableness of, and no reliance should be placed on, any projections,
     targets, estimates or forecasts contained in this report.
                                                                                              Interim Report 2026   79




                                                                                    DEFINITIONS



“AI”                              artificial intelligence

“ADHD”                            attention deficit hyperactivity disorder

“ADHD Software”                   Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder Assessment and Treatment Software

“Articles of Association” or      the third amended and restated articles of association of our Company
“Articles”                        adopted by special resolution on December 24, 2024, with effect upon the
                                  Listing Date, as amended from time to time

“associate(s)”                    has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

“Audit Committee”                 the audit committee of the Board

“Award(s)”                        an award of the Awarded Shares by the Board pursuant to the Pre-IPO Share
                                  Award Scheme

“Awarded Share(s)”                the Shares awarded by our Company pursuant to the Pre-IPO Share Award
                                  Scheme

“BCAT”                            Basic Cognitive Testing Software

“Board” or “Board of Directors”   the board of directors of our Company

“BrainAurora Zhejiang”            Zhejiang BrainAurora Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (浙江腦動極光醫療科技有
                                  限公司), a limited liability company established in the PRC on September 21,
                                  2012 and directly wholly owned by WFOE, being one of our Major Subsidiaries

“BVI Subsidiary”                  BrainAurora Limited, a business company with limited liability incorporated
                                  in the British Virgin Islands on April 28, 2023 and directly wholly owned by
                                  our Company

“CCBT”                            Computerized Cognitive Behavioral Therapy

“CDDCI”                           Child development deficiency induced cognitive impairment

“CE mark”                         the mark appears on products signify that products sold in the European
                                  Economic Area have been assessed to meet high safety, health, and
                                  environmental protection requirements

“CEO”                             chief executive officer of our Company

“CG Code”                         the “Corporate Governance Code” as contained in Appendix C1 to the
                                  Listing Rules
80   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     DEFINITIONS



     “China”, “Mainland China”                People’s Republic of China, but for the purpose of this interim report and for
       or “PRC”                               geographical reference only and except where the context requires otherwise,
                                              references in this interim report to “China” and the “PRC” do not apply to
                                              Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan

     “Class II Medical Device”                devices that have a moderate to high risk to the patient and/or user

     “close associate(s)”                     has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

     “Companies (Winding Up and               the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous Provisions) Ordinance (Chapter
       Miscellaneous Provisions)              32 of the Laws of Hong Kong) as amended, supplemented or otherwise
       Ordinance”                             modified from time to time

     “Companies Act” or “Cayman               the Companies Act, Cap. 22 (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands
       Companies Act”

     “Companies Ordinance”                    the Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the Laws of Hong Kong) as
                                              amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

     “Company” or “our Company”               BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited (腦動極光醫療科技有限公司), an
                                              exempted company with limited liability incorporated under the laws of the
                                              Cayman Islands on April 25, 2023

     “Compliance Adviser”                     SPDB International Capital Limited, our compliance adviser

     “connected person(s)”                    has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

     “connected transaction(s)”               has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

     “Controlling Shareholder(s)”             has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules and unless the context
                                              otherwise requires, refers to Mr. Tan, Dr. Wang, together with their respective
                                              close associates, namely ZTan Limited, Wispirits Limited, Wiseforward Limited
                                              and Neurobright Limited

     “core connected person(s)”               has the meaning ascribed thereto under the Listing Rules

     “Core Product”                           has the meaning ascribed to it in Chapter 18A of the Listing Rules; for the
                                              purpose of this interim report, our Core Product refers to the System

     “DD”                                     Developmental dyslexia
                                                                                                    Interim Report 2026   81




                                                                                         DEFINITIONS



“Director(s)” or “our Director(s)”   the directors of our Company, including all executive, non-executive and
                                     independent non-executive Directors

“DNN”                                deep neutral networks

“Dr. Wang”                           Dr. Wang Xiaoyi (王曉怡), a Controlling Shareholder

“DSS”                                Dyslexia Supplemental Screening and Assessment Software

“DTx”                                digital therapeutics

“ESG”                                environmental, social and governance; a collection of corporate performance
                                     evaluation criteria that assess the robustness of a company’s governance
                                     mechanisms and its ability to effectively manage its environmental and social
                                     impacts

“Group”, “our Group”, “our”,         our Company and all of our subsidiaries or, where the context so requires, in
  “we” or “us”                       respect of the period before our Company became the holding company of
                                     its present subsidiaries, the businesses operated by such subsidiaries or their
                                     predecessors (as the case may be)

“HK$”                                Hong Kong dollars, the lawful currency of Hong Kong

“Hong Kong”                          the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC

“Hong Kong Stock Exchange” or        The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited
  “Stock Exchange”

“HK Subsidiary”                      BrainAurora (HK) Medical Technology Limited, a limited company incorporated
                                     in Hong Kong on May 11, 2023 and directly wholly owned by BVI Subsidiary

“Hunan MPA”                          Hunan Medical Products Administration

“ISO 13485”                          a set of requirements for a quality management system where an organization
                                     needs to demonstrate its ability to provide medical devices and related services
                                     that consistently meet customer and applicable regulatory requirements

“KOLs”                               key opinion leaders

“Listing Date”                       January 8, 2025, the date on which dealings in the Shares first commence
                                     on the Main Board
82   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     DEFINITIONS



     “Listing Rules”                          the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong
                                              Kong Limited, as amended or supplemented from time to time

     “Listing”                                the listing of our Shares on the Main Board

     “Main Board”                             the stock market (excluding the options market) operated by the Stock
                                              Exchange which is independent from and operated in parallel with the GEM
                                              of the Stock Exchange

     “ML”                                     machine learning

     “MMSE”                                   Mini-Mental State Examination

     “MoCA”                                   Montreal Cognitive Assessment

     “Mr. Tan”                                Mr. Tan Zheng (譚錚), the chairman of the Board, executive Director, chief
                                              strategy officer of the Company and a Controlling Shareholder

     “Nanchang Fusion”                        Nanchang Fusion Therapeutics, Ltd. (南昌福藥生物技術有限公司), a limited
                                              liability company established in the PRC on November 29, 2021, a wholly-
                                              owned subsidiary of our Company

     “NCI”                                    Neurodegenerative disease induced cognitive impairment

     “NHC”                                    the National Health Commission of the PRC (中華人民共和國國家衛生健康
                                              委員會)

     “NMPA”                                   National Medical Products Administration (國家藥品監督管理局) and its
                                              predecessor, the China Food and Drug Administration (國家食品藥品監督管
                                              理總局) from 2013 to 2018 and the State Food and Drug Administration (國
                                              家食品藥品監督管理局) from 2003 to 2013

     “Nomination Committee”                   the nomination committee of the Board

     “PCI”                                    Psychiatric disorder induced cognitive impairment

     “Pre-IPO Share Award Scheme”             the share award scheme adopted by the Company on July 30, 2023

     “Prospectus”                             the prospectus of the Company dated December 30, 2024

     “Remuneration Committee”                 the remuneration committee of the Board
                                                                                                 Interim Report 2026   83




                                                                                      DEFINITIONS



“Reporting Period”                  the six months ended June 30, 2026

“RMB”                               the lawful currency of the PRC

“SAS”                               Cognitive Ability Supplemental Screening and Assessment software

“SFO”                               the Securities and Futures Ordinance, Chapter 571 of the Laws of Hong Kong,
                                    as amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time

“Share Subdivision”                 the subdivision of each share in the Company’s issued and unissued
                                    share capital with par value of US$0.0001 each into 1,000 shares of the
                                    corresponding class with nominal value of US$0.0000001 each

“Share(s)” or “Ordinary Share(s)”   ordinary share(s) in the share capital our Company, with a nominal value of
                                    US$0.0001 each prior to the Share Subdivision or US$0.0000001 each upon
                                    the completion of the Share Subdivision

“Shareholder(s)”                    holder(s) of our Share(s)

“subsidiary(ies)”                   has the meaning ascribed to it in Section 15 of the Companies Ordinance

“substantial shareholder(s)”        has the meaning ascribed to it under the Listing Rules

“System”                            Brain Function Information Management Platform Software System

“U.S.” or “United States”           the United States of America, its territories, its possessions and all areas
                                    subject to its jurisdiction

“UDCA”                              ursodeoxycholic acid, a secondary bile acid approved by the FDA as first-line
                                    treatment for PBC, and widely used off-label to treat PSC

“ULN”                               upper limit of normal, the 95th percentile of the target population

“US$”                               United States dollars, the lawful currency of the United States

“VDCI”                              Vascular disease induced cognitive impairment

“we”, “us” or “our”                 the Company or the Group, as the context requires
84   BrainAurora Medical Technology Limited




     DEFINITIONS



     “WFOE”                                   Zhejiang Zhiling Ruidong Medical Technology Co., Ltd. (浙江智靈睿動醫療科
                                              技有限公司), a limited liability company established in the PRC on June 16,
                                              2023 and directly wholly owned by HK Subsidiary

     “Xuanwu Hospital”                        Xuanwu Hospital Capital Medical University (首都醫科大學宣武醫院)

     “%”                                      per cent


     *   For identification purposes only
