2025 ANNUAL REPORT




      CONNECT THE    FUTURE
           CONNECT THE WORLD
                                                     ABOUT US
CITIC Telecom International Holdings Limited (the “Company”, and together with its subsidiaries the “Group”)
was established in 1997 in Hong Kong and was listed on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited on 3 April
2007. The Group is a telecommunications enterprise providing comprehensive services.

The Company’s services cover international telecommunications services, providing mobile international roaming,
international voice, international messaging, international data and international value-added telecommunications
services, etc. to global carriers (including mobile operators, fixed line operators, virtual network operators,
internet operators and OTT operators). The Company is one of the largest telecommunications hubs in Asia
Pacific, with “DataMall 自由行”, the world’s first mobile trading platform and SIMN as our self-developed
products. The Company owns the whole CITIC Telecom Tower (with a floor area of approximately 340,000 sq. ft.)
and has established two large-scale data centres in Hong Kong.

The Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary, Acclivis Technologies and Solutions Pte. Ltd. (“Acclivis”), is based
in Singapore with businesses in Malaysia, Indonesia, Thailand and Philippines, etc. As one of the leading IT
services providers in the region, Acclivis is the trusted advisor to government and enterprise to deliver digital
transformation projects and smart solutions that harness our end-to-end ICT capabilities, with focus on cloud
solutions, managed services and enterprise connectivity. Acclivis also owns the reputable internet service brand
“Pacific Internet” in Singapore, Thailand, Indonesia, Philippines and Malaysia, and has established data centres
and cloud computing centres across key cities in Southeast Asia.

Through its wholly-owned subsidiary, CITIC Telecom International CPC Limited (“CPC”), the Group provides one-
stop ICT solutions to multinational and business enterprises, including private network solutions, EPL, SD-WAN,
internet access, cloud computing, information security, cloud data centre and a series of value-added services,
etc. CPC is one of the most trusted partners of leading multinational and business enterprises in the Asia-Pacific
region. CPC has gained a foothold in the Chinese mainland market through its subsidiary, China Enterprise
ICT Solutions Limited (“CEC”), providing comprehensive ICT services for sizable multinational and business
enterprises in Chinese mainland. CEC possesses various nationwide licenses in value-added telecommunications
services in Chinese mainland, including nationwide Ethernet VPN, and has established cloud data centres in
various cities such as Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou.

The Group holds 99% equity interest in Companhia de Telecomunicações de Macau, S.A. (“CTM”). CTM
is one of the leading integrated telecommunications services providers in Macau, and is the only full
telecommunications services provider in Macau (including mobile, internet, fixed line, data centre, enterprise ICT
and international telecommunications services), as well as the major smart city operator of “Digital Macau”. As a
market leader, CTM has long provided quality telecommunications and ICT services to the residents, government
and enterprises of Macau, and plays an important role in the ongoing development of Macau.

The Group has established branch organisations in 22 countries and regions with over 2,400 employees and
almost 170 PoPs globally. The Group’s business covers 160 countries and regions, and connects to over 600
operators in the world and serves over 3,000 MNCs and 40,000 local enterprises. The Group has R&D teams in
various cities including Hong Kong, Macau, Zhuhai, Chengdu, etc. The Group has a number of ISO quality and
network security accreditations, and also received awards and commendations from multiple organisations in
recognition of caring to employees and environment for years.

CITIC Group Corporation, a large multinational conglomerate headquartered in China, is the ultimate holding
company of the Company.


                                                       VISION
To become a leading digitalised and intelligentised comprehensive telecommunications company in the Asia-Pacific
region, and provide quality services for social development, corporate innovation and the better lives of people.


                                                      MISSION
  With the backing of Chinese mainland, establishing a foothold in Hong Kong and Macau, and connecting to the world.

  Focusing on international development, pursuing technological innovation, and enhancing core competitiveness.

  Customer-oriented, with value creation as our goal, providing sustainable return for our shareholders.
CONTENTS

Milestones 2025                    2    FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Financial Highlights               10    Consolidated Income Statement       186
Chairman’s Statement               14    Consolidated Statement of           187
                                          Comprehensive Income
Business Review                   22
                                         Consolidated Statement of           188
Financial Review                          Financial Position
                                  32
Risk Management                          Consolidated Statement of           189
                                  39      Changes in Equity
Five Year Summary                 50     Consolidated Cash Flow Statement    190
Corporate Governance              51     Notes to the Financial Statements   191
Directors and Senior Management   75    Property                             278
Directors’ Report                 79    Glossary                             279
Forward Looking Statements        97    Corporate Information                282
Sustainability Report             98
Independent Auditor’s Report      179
2   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




    MILESTONES 2025
                     January                                                                February

                                                                                • CEC’s TrustCSI won the “Outstanding Solution
    • China Enterprise ICT Solutions Limited (“CEC”)’s
                                                                                  (2024)” issued by CIO Association of Guangdong
      Tru s t C S I 3 . 0 w a s a w a r d e d t h e “ 2 0 2 4 B e s t
      Cybersecurity Solution” issued by Communication                           • CEC won the “Preferred Digital Transformation
      World Weekly                                                                Service Provider for SMEs” issued by Qingyuan
                                                                                  Industrial Internet and Big Data Industry Association
    • C E C ’s Tru s t C S I 3.0 wa s awa r d e d t h e “2024
      C o m m u n i c a t i o n I n d u s t r y I n n ova t i ve Pr o d u c t
      Technology Solution” issued by Communications
      Weekly

    • Acclivis Technologies and Solutions Pte. Ltd.
      (“Acclivis”) was awarded the “IBM Hardware Award
      (Business Excellence) 2024” issued by Tech Data
      Advanced Solutions (Singapore) Pte Ltd

    • Acclivis was awarded the “IBM Future-Ready
      Partner 2024” issued by Tech Dat a Advanced
      Solutions (Singapore) Pte Ltd




                                                年度产品
                                                技术方案




                                          中企网络通信技术有限公司
                                           TrustCSI 3.0云网神盾®

                                                 荣 获

                                     2024年度通信产业创新产品技术方案

                                               二Ｏ二四年十二月
                                                编辑选择调研组
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025              3




                                                                                                           MILESTONES 2025


                 March

• “RJet”, an innovation project jointly developed by                        • CEC won the “2024 Excellent Digital & Intelligent
  CITIC Telecom International Limited (“CITIC Telecom                         ICT Service Provider” issued by e-works
  International”) and its partner, was awarded the
                                                                            • C E C ’s Tr u s t C S I 3 . 0 M a n a g e d I n f o r m a t i o n
  third prize in “Open Gateway Global Use Case
                                                                              Security Ser vices won the “2024 Outstanding
  Innovation Challenge” at MWC25 Barcelona held in
                                                                              Recommended Product for Intelligent
  Spain
                                                                              Manufacturing” issued by e-works
• CITIC Telecom International CPC Limited (“CPC”)’s
                                                                            • CEC won the “Premier Digital Transformation
  AI Analytics (“智化算”) won the “Outstanding
                                                                              Solution Provider” in the “Gold Excellence Award”
  Award – Green Supply Chain Innovation and
                                                                              jointly issued by CIO TIMES and New Infrastructure
  Technology” at the “Hong Kong Sust ainable
                                                                              Innovation Research Institute
  Development Innovation & Technology Awards
  2 0 2 5 ” p r e s e n t e d by t h e Wo r l d I n s t i tu t e o f        • CEC won the “Excellent Ecosystem Co-Creation
  Sustainable Development Planners                                            Partner” issued by CIO Association of Dongguan

• CPC won three awards at the “2025 Cybersecurity                           • Companhia de Telecomunicações de Macau, S.A.
  E xc e l l e n c e Awa r d s ” : i n c l u d i n g “A I S e c u r i t y     (“CTM”) won the “AI-Oriented Business Innovation
  Solutions”, “SOC Team of the Year” and “Best                                and Premium User Experience Award 2025” issued
  Managed Securit y Ser vice Provider (MSSP)”                                 by Europe’s leading digital economy think tank
  organised by Cybersecurity Insiders                                         IDATE

• CEC won the “Digital Transformation Leadership
  E n t e r p r i s e Awa r d ” j o i n t l y i s s u e d by E n e r g y
  Magazine and ShuZiGuoZi

• CEC won the “Excellent Service Provider” jointly
  issued by China Intelligent Manufacturing Industry
  Net work and China Intelligent Manufacturing
  Committee of 100

• CEC won the “Innovation Momentum Leadership
  Index” jointly issued by China News Agency
  Shanghai Branch, YuanChuan Institution, and Lin-
  gang Special Area
4   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




    MILESTONES 2025


                 April                                                          May

    • CITIC Telecom International’s Intelligent Financial    • CPC’s “AI Databank” won Silver Medal at the 50th
      Fraud Shield and Roaming Data Acceleration on            International Exhibition of Inventions Geneva
      Demand Service were selected as one of Kunlun
                                                             • CPC received the “Cybersecurity Service Provider
      Platform Lighthouse Project 2025’s top 10 list of
                                                               of the Year” in the Tech Fest Hong Kong Award
      lighthouse projects at the Kulun Ecological Alliance
                                                               2025, jointly organised by KORNERSTONE Institute,
      Roundtable Forum during the 8 th Digital China
                                                               Revive Tech Asia and TEH Group
      Summit
                                                             • C P C r e c e i ve d t h e “ D i s t i n g u i s h e d E n t e r p r i s e
    • CPC with its project named “Water Regime
                                                               Cybersecurity Provider” in the “Corporate Brand
      Forecast in the Minjiang River Basin Based on
                                                               Awards of Excellence 2025” organised by Hong
      Artificial Intelligence” won the third prize in the
                                                               Kong Economic Journal. It is the 9th consecutive
      Data Element Track at The final of the Digital China
                                                               year that CPC has won the award
      Innovation Contest 2025
                                                             • CEC’s financial industry cybersecurity solution won
    • CPC’s “TrustCSI™ AI Pentest” won the Gold
                                                               the “Financial Data Intelligence Solution Awards –
      Award for “Innovation in Digital Transformation –
                                                               2025 Financial Data Intelligent Information Security
      Telecommunications Industry” at the 2025 Asia-
                                                               Innovation Excellent Solution” issued by Fintech
      Pacific Stevie® Awards organised by Stevie Awards
                                                               Innovation in China
      Inc.
                                                             • CEC won the “2025 CDI Excellent Digit al
    • CPC’s “TrustCSI™ AI Pentest” won the “CW
                                                               Technology Service Provider” organised by 2025
      Innovation Awards APAC 2025” organised by
                                                               China Digital Innovation Expo
      Computer Weekly
                                                             • CTM was awarded “Beyond Impact Awards 2025”
                                                               and “Beyond Best Choice Awards 2025” issued by
                                                               BEYOND EXPO

                                                             • Teleone China (Zhuhai) Company Limited, wholly-
                                                               owned software development subsidiary of CTM,
                                                               was awarded the “Beyond Innovation Awards 2025
                                                               – Consumertech” issued by BEYOND EXPO
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025                5




                                                                                          MILESTONES 2025


              June                                                      September

• CITIC Telecom International received the “Excellent     • CITIC Telecom International Holdings Limited (the
  Partners of the Year – DIGITAL APPLICATION” and           “Company”) crowned “Best Listed Company”
  “Strategic Partnership Excellence Award” issued by        and “Most Valuable Listed Brand” at “2025 The
  two China operators at the Mobile World Congress          Global Commercial Economic Forum with “Golden
  Shanghai 2025                                             Kunpeng” China Financial Value Ranking” jointly
                                                            organised by Hong Kong Commercial Daily and
• CPC’s “TrustCSI™ AI Pentest” won the “AI+ Power
                                                            Global Commercial Newspapers Union
  Awards 2025 – AI+ in Business Awards (Large
  Corporate)” organised by Baobab Tree Event              • CEC’s Abdul Latif Jameel China SD-WAN Hybrid
                                                            Networking Project won the “SD-WAN Excellent
• CPC won the “Outstanding Innovative Cybersecurity
                                                            Service Quality Award” issued by the Convergence
  S olut ions Prov i d e r ” awa rd a t th e “Quam net
                                                            o f C o m p u t i n g a n d N e t wo r k i n g I n d u s t r y a n d
  Outstanding Enterprise Awards 2025” organised by
                                                            Standards Promotion Committee (CCSA TC621) of
  Quamnet
                                                            the China Communications Standards Association
• CPC’s AI Databank solution won the “Best AI
  Datacenter Project of the Year” award at the
  CARRIER COMMUNITY GLOBAL AWARDS (CCGA)
  2025 IN BERLIN, hosted by Carrier Community

• CEC won the “2025 Excellent Technology Innovation
  Service Provider” jointly issued by CIO TIMES and
  New Infrastructure Innovation Research Institute

• C T M wo n t h e Fr e e W i F i . M O “ S e r v i c e
  Coverage Award” issued by Macao Post and
  Telecommunications Bureau

• CTM was awarded the “Excellent Partner of the
  Year of Global Roaming and IoT” issued by a China
  operator
                                                                         October

                                                          • CPC received the “Best Enterprise Solution –
                                                            Bronze Award” at the “CAHK STAR Award 2025”
                                                            issued by Communications Association of Hong
                                                            Kong
6   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




    MILESTONES 2025


                 November

    • CPC’s three AI solutions: “AI Dat abank”, “AI
      Pentest” & “AI Visual Security”, won the “Asia
      International Innovative Invention Award 2025 –
      Gold Award” issued by Hong Kong Federation
      of Innovative Technologies and Manufacturing
      Industries

    • CPC won the “Best Data Governance Award – Gold
      Award” at the “DALA Awards 2025” issued by Data
      & AI Literacy Association

    • CEC’s Large Model Security Guardrail Platform for
      Financial Industry won the “Excellent Award in
      the 2025 “Data Element ×” Competition Beijing
      Division Financial Services Track” issued by Beijing
      Municipal Administration of Government Services
      and Data Management

    • CEC’s Large Model-Based Information Security
      S i tu a t i o n a l Aw a r e n e s s P l a t f o r m w o n t h e
      “Development Potential Award in the 2025 “Data
      Element ×” Competition Guangdong Division
      Technology Innovation Track” issued by Guangdong
      Provincial Government Ser vices and Dat a
      Management

    • CEC won the “Second Prize in the Large Model-
      Based Industrial Multi-Scenario Challenge of the
      8 th “Shujing Cup” Data Intelligence Innovation
      Application Competition” organised by the China
      Academy of Information and Communications
      Technology and the Organising Committee of
      the National Industrial Internet Data Innovation
      Application Competition

    • CEC won the “Outstanding Award in the Network
      and Information Security Track of the Information
      and Communication Security” at the “Second
      running of the 2025 “Golden Spirit Cup” China
      Internet Innovation Competition” organised by the
      Internet Society of China
                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025   7




                                                                         MILESTONES 2025


              December

• CITIC Telecom International participated in 2025 AI+
  Cloud-Network Autonomous Ecological Cooperation
  Fo r u m a n d t h e K u n l u n E c o l o g i c a l A l l i a n c e
  Roundtable Forum, and won the “2025 Kunlun
  Ecological Outstanding Lighthouse Award”

• The Company was recognised in Top 100 Hong
  Kong Listed Companies Research Centre’s “The
  12th Top 100 Hong Kong-Listed Companies – Top 50
  Small Cap Enterprises”

• CPC’s “AI Databank” was Runner Up in the category
  of “Data Management and Analytics Innovation
  of the Year” at the “2025 MSP Channel Awards”
  organised by Angel Business Communications

• CEC won the “Third Prize in the AI+ Security Track
  of the First “AI Pioneer Cup”, “AI+” Application and
  Skills Competition 2025” organised by the Internet
  Society of China
8   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




       LEADING INTO THE
                     DIGITAL FUTURE
ANNUAL REPORT 2025   9
10   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS

     •       Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company for the year 2025 amounted to HK$920 million, a
             year-on-year increase of 1.1%.

     •       Dividends per share for the year 2025 totaled HK19.0 cents, a year-on-year increase of 1.1%.

     •       The Group’s total debt as at 31 December 2025 was HK$3,257 million, a decrease of 16.6% when compared
             to last year.


     Profit attributable to equity shareholders of                 Dividends payable to equity shareholders of
     the Company                                                   the Company attributable to the year
       HK$                                                           HK$
     million                                                       million
         1,400                                                      1,000
                                                                                              936
                                 1,231                                               905
                         1,191                                        900
         1,200                                                               829
                 1,076                                                800
         1,000                                                                                          696      703
                                         910    920                   700

                                                                      600
          800
                                                                      500
          600
                                                                      400

          400                                                         300

                                                                      200
          200
                                                                      100

            0                                                           0
                 2021    2022    2023    2024   2025                         2021    2022     2023     2024     2025

                                                                   Note: The final dividend payable for the year ended 31 December
                                                                         2025 was based on the number of shares in issue as at 31
                                                                         December 2025, which may differ from the number of shares
                                                                         at the closing date of the register of members.
                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025            11




                                                                                                     FINANCIAL HIGHLIGHTS



    In HK$ million                                                                               2025        2024

    Revenue
      Revenue from telecommunications services                                                  7,951        8,045     Decrease 1.2%
      Sales of mobile handsets and equipment                                                    1,616        1,528     Increase 5.8%
                                                                                                9,567        9,573     Decrease 0.1%
    Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                                        920      910       Increase 1.1%
    EBITDA   1
                                                                                                1,925        2,001     Decrease 3.8%
    Earnings per share (HK cents)
      Basic and diluted                                                                              24.9     24.6      Increase 1.2%
    Dividends per share (HK cents)
                                                                                                                           Same level
      Interim dividend                                                                                6.0      6.0         as last year
      Final dividend                                                                                 13.0     12.8      Increase 1.6%
                                                                                                     19.0     18.8      Increase 1.1%
    Total assets                                                                               16,987       17,455     Decrease 2.7%
    Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                            11,023       10,717     Increase 2.9%
    Total debt   2
                                                                                                 3,257       3,907    Decrease 16.6%
    Less: Cash and deposits                                                                     (1,945)     (1,611)    Increase 20.7%
    Net debt                                                                                    1,312        2,296    Decrease 42.9%
    Net gearing ratio3                                                                               11%     18%       Decrease 7.0%

1
        EBITDA represents earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation.

2
        Total debt includes current and non-current bank and other borrowings.

                               Net debt
3
        Net gearing ratio =                   x 100%
                              Total capital

        Total capital = Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company + Net debt
12   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




        LEADING THE
                      DIGITAL LIFE
ANNUAL REPORT 2025   13
14   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT



           DEAR SHAREHOLDERS,
           I hereby announce the annual operating and financial results of CITIC Telecom International Holdings
           Limited (the “Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) for 2025.

           In 2025, the global landscape underwent profound evolution, with the economic environment
           remaining complex. Breakthroughs in cutting-edge innovations, represented by AI and next-
           generation information technology, have intensified competition in the information and
           communications industry. The Group confronted multiple challenges head-on, and by adhering to
           our development positioning of “With the backing of Chinese mainland, establishing a foothold in
           Hong Kong and Macau, and connecting to the world”, we promoted international development and
           technological leadership. Aligning with the “Belt and Road” initiative and the development strategy
           of the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area, we served the stable development of the
           “One Country, Two Systems”, and continuously strengthened our core functions and enhancing our
           core competitiveness.

           Throughout the year, the Group’s overall operations remained stable and improved steadily,
           with new growth drivers becoming increasingly robust. We are making steady and powerful
           progress towards our development goal of “To become a leading digitalised and intelligentised
           comprehensive telecommunications enterprise in Asia Pacific”.




     I.     FINANCIAL RESULTS                                                      Basic earnings per share for 2025 amounted to
                                                                                   HK24.9 cents, representing an 1.2% increase as
     The Group reported HK$9,567 million in total revenue                          compared to 2024. The Board recommended a final
     for 2025, representing a decrease by 0.1% compared                            dividend of HK13.0 cents per share for 2025. Together
     to HK$9,573 million for the corresponding period of                           with the 2025 interim dividend of HK6.0 cents per
     the previous year.                                                            share, total dividends per share for 2025 amounted
                                                                                   to HK19.0 cents, increased 1.1% as compared to the
     Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the
                                                                                   corresponding period of the previous year.
     Company for 2025 amounted to HK$920 million
     ( i n c l u d i n g t h e r eva l u a t i o n l o s s o n i nve s t m e n t
     properties for 2025 of HK$10 million), increasing by
     1.1% as compared to HK$910 million (including the
     revaluation loss on investment properties for 2024
     of HK$7 million) for the corresponding period of
     the previous year, representing an increase of 1.4%
     when excluding the effect of investment properties
     revaluation, as compared to the corresponding period
     of the previous year.
                                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025             15




                                                                                             CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


II. REVIEW OF BUSINESS                                                      the intelligence level of ser vice offerings, and
    DEVELOPMENT                                                             assisted government and enterprise customers in
                                                                            their digital and intelligent transformation. We have
Faced with a complex and volatile global environment                        implemented multiple digitalisation and network
and rapid industry iterations, the Group persisted in                       security projects in Singapore, Malaysia and Thailand,
innovation-driven development while consolidating                           covering the government, education and retail sectors.
our core businesses. We empowered high-quality                              Furthermore, we have launched our Internet Service
growth with technology, established presence in                             Provider (ISP) business in the Philippines during the
emerging industries, cultivated new growth drivers,                         year.
and optimised our business structure.
                                                                            2.      E x p l o ri n g e m e rg i n g b u s i n e s s e s a n d
1.     S t re n g t h e n i n g c o re b u s i n e s s e s a n d                    cultivating growth engines
       regional competitive edges
                                                                            A I i n d u s t r y l ayo u t . Th e C IT I C H o n g Ko n g A I
Maintaining market leadership in Macau. The                                 Innovation Center constructed by the Group has
Group has maintained its leading scale of 5G users                          commenced operations, and signed a framework
in the Macau market, securing a top-one market                              agreement with The Hong Kong Polytechnic University
share position in the mobile market, and achieved                           to jointly establish the Interdisciplinary Mathematical
a 100% penetration rate for 5G services. We have                            Digit al AI Joint Laborator y, thereby integrating
promoted 5.5G private network applications, launched                        academic research resources with industry needs.
an upgraded eSIM service to enhance users’ digital
and intelligent experience. Regarding fixed-line                            The Group has strengthened top-level planning and
business, we have accelerated the deployment of                             leveraged on Hong Kong’s competitive edges in
advanced fixed-line broadband technologies such as                          scientific research by deepening our collaboration with
50G-PON and Wi-Fi 7, driving Macau’s scale upgrade                          local universities and research institutions in Hong
from Gigabit to 10-G connectivity. Meanwhile, the                           Kong, while studying and assessing cutting-edge
“City Digital Economy (Macau) Innovation Center”,                           technologies and their application scenarios in areas
co-built with Baidu, showcased AI applications in                           such as AI, Fintech and digital communications. During
various industries. Recently, the Group has acquired                        the year, the Group has completed the deployment of
10 0 % e q u i t y i n t e r e s t i n H u t ch i s o n Te l e p h o n e    the AI computing platform, and launched local AI agent
(Macau) Company Limited for HK$110 million, further                         applications based on open-source large models, such
consolidated our leading position in the Macau market.                      as AI intelligent assistants, AI-assisted programming,
                                                                            and market research assistants.
Further enhancing global network deployment.
During the year, the Group has added new network                            Cross-border data services breakthroughs. The
PoPs in Yibin, Sichuan and Almat y, Kazakhst an,                            Group has provided customised data centre hosting
upgraded 4 international PoPs, established 6 new                            solutions for enterprise customers. Besides, we
backbone network lines in Chinese mainland, and                             have promoted the construction of cross-border
increased capacity on 10 international lines covering                       trusted data spaces, cooperated with data exchanges,
major hubs in APAC and Europe. In Southeast                                 and supported the secure flow of data and related
Asia, the Group has utilised AI to empower the                              compliance services.
S e r v i c e O N E IT m a n a g e m e n t s e r v i c e p l a t fo r m ,
optimised human resources allocation, enhanced
16   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


     In data elements, the Group has achieved operational      4.     S t re n g t h e n i n g t h e o rg a n i s a t i o n b y
     breakthroughs. We have joined the Trusted Data                   building a robust talent pipeline
     Space Alliance and collaborated with the China Future
                                                               Th e G r o u p h a s i m p l e m e n t e d t h e i d e o l o g y o f
     Internet Engineering Center and the International Data
                                                               “strengthening the enterprise through talents”, and
     Spaces Association (IDSA) to advance the “Cross-
                                                               launched a “Management Trainee Programme” to
     border Trusted Data Space for the Financial Industry”
                                                               select and cultivate leading technological talents and
     project. We have passed the qualification review
                                                               innovative teams focusing on emerging areas such as
     and become a data merchant of the Shenzhen Data
                                                               AI, computing power networks and data elements. For
     Exchange, and are qualified to provide data services to
                                                               several consecutive years, we have been awarded the
     enterprises. We have completed the commercialisation
                                                               “Manpower Developer” and “Super MD” awards by
     of global mobile number authentication service on the
                                                               the Hong Kong Employees Retraining Board’s “ERB
     GSMA Open Gateway Network-as-a-Service (NaaS)
                                                               Manpower Developer Award Scheme”, recognising our
     platform. We have engaged with multiple enterprise
                                                               long-term input in talent training and development.
     customers in Hong Kong’s retail, finance and internet
     OTT sectors to validate the business model of our         5.     F u l f i l l i n g E S G re s p o n s i b i l i t i e s a n d
     innovative products in Hong Kong and Macau. Our                  enhancing corporate governance
     “Auto-Op” has received the “Best Enterprise Solution
     – Bronze Award” at the “CAHK STAR Award 2025”             I n r e s p o n s e t o t h e M a c a u G o v e r n m e n t ’s
     issued by the Communications Association of Hong          telecommunications reform policies and to ser ve
     Kong, while our financial fraud prevention project won    t h e p u b l i c , t h e G r o u p h a s l a u n ch e d i n c l u s i ve
     the “2025 Kunlun Ecological Outstanding Lighthouse        telecommunications service fee reduction measures
     Award”.                                                   for all customers, fulfilling our commitment to
                                                               benefiting the people. Through expanding network
     3.   Deepening AI applications to improve                 coverage and promoting innovative technologies,
          operational efficiency                               we have contributed to deepening digital integration
                                                               in areas such as education, healthcare, commerce
     The Group has implemented the ideology of safe
                                                               and people’s livelihood. While fulfilling our corporate
     development, and adhered to the bottom line of safe
                                                               social responsibilities, the Group has emphasised the
     operation. We effectively and solidly carry out work
                                                               accessibility and reliability of our services, aiming to
     in fire safety management, network and information
                                                               narrow the digital gap and build a more resilient and
     security protection, and major event support. By
                                                               inclusive intelligent society.
     taking advantage of AI, we have strengthened risk
     monitoring, process optimisation and compliance           The Group has actively fulfilled its corporate social
     review. We have promoted the integration of AI            responsibilities by engaging in the communit y
     compliance assistant with daily business operations       connection to empower digital integration in areas
     to optimise work process while maintaining quality.       such as education, healthcare, commerce and people’s
     During important festivals and events such as the 80th    livelihood. After the fire incident at Wang Fuk Court,
     Anniversary of Victory of the Chinese People’s War        Tai Po, Hong Kong in November 2025, the Group has
     of Resistance Against Japanese Aggression and the         quickly confirmed the safety of our employees and
     World Anti-Fascist War, and the 15th National Games       their families, activated our emergency assistance
     jointly held by Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao, as well        mechanism and organised charitable donations, and
     as during the invasion of super typhoon “Ragasa”,         has supported community post-disaster recovery with
     we implemented strict safeguard arrangements to           concrete efforts, and stood together with the Hong
     ensure smooth communication and stable operation of       Kong society in solidarity and mutual assistance.
     networks.
                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025               17




                                                                                                  CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


The Group has persisted in maintaining a high level                              In the future, the Group will implement the key tasks
of corporate governance, continuously improving our                              set out below:
compliance management system, and optimising
                                                                                 1.    Solidify regional foundation and expand
i n t e r n a l c o n t r o l p r o c e d u r e s fo r t h e b e n e f i t o f
                                                                                       into emerging sectors
shareholders’ interests. As for capital operation,
during the year, the Group has fully redeemed the                                To solidify our leading position in the Macau market,
US$450 million 6.1% Guaranteed Bonds. With stable                                we will deepen our presence in Macau, maintain
corporate governance and brand building, the Group                               our competitive edges in the 5G market, leverage
has been awarded “Best Listed Company” and                                       the driving force role of enterprise private network
“Most Valuable Listed Brand” at “2025 The Global                                 business, and explore building network architectures
Commercial Economic Forum with “Golden Kunpeng”                                  integrated with next-generation telecommunications
China Financial Value Ranking” jointly organised by                              n e t w o r k t e ch n o l o g y a n d A I . We w i l l e x p a n d
Hong Kong Commercial Daily and Global Commercial                                 into emerging areas such as cross-border dat a
Newspapers Union.                                                                services and computing services, and enhance our
                                                                                 technological leadership and business advantages in
III. OUTLOOK
                                                                                 the telecommunications market of the Guangdong-
In the 15th Five-Year Plan period, we are facing new                             Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area. The Group
opportunities brought by the rapid development of                                will continue to strengthen its operations in Macau
AI applications and deepening of digital economy.                                based on the extension of the concession agreement
The Group will focus on two drivers of “international                            b e t we e n C o m p a n h i a d e Te l e c o m u n i c a ç õ e s d e
development and technological innovation”, and                                   Macau, S.A., the Group’s subsidiary, and the Macau
deepen our presence in four major markets: the global                            Government in 2025, deepen communication with the
carrier market, the Asia-Pacific enterprise market, the                          government, positively respond to market opening,
Hong Kong and Macau consolidated market and the                                  and enhance service quality and competitiveness.
Chinese mainland market. Adhering to a customer-
centric approach, we will implement a development
strategy of “enhancing service capabilities by AI,
focusing on information security, and using network
connectivity as a link to provide one-stop IT services
for Chinese enterprises going global (using AI as
primary means), and will provide full-process support
for Chinese software products going global (mainly
serving AI products)”. We are committed to “becoming
a leading digitalised and intelligentised comprehensive
telecommunications enterprise in Asia Pacific”.
18   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


     We will explore new growth drivers in emerging                             2.     Deeply cultivate AI and build a highland
     businesses by investing in high-value strategic sectors                           of innovation
     such as platform services and information security.
                                                                                To seize the development opportunities of AI, we
     We will support the global expansion of Chinese
                                                                                will leverage AI to drive our digital transformation
     enterprises’ products and operations while continuing
                                                                                by internal intelligence enhancement and external
     to promote integrated intelligent applications of AI and
                                                                                empowerment. We will promote intelligent operations
     big data for government and enterprise customers to
                                                                                within the Group, foster the concept of “All for AI”,
     empower their digital and intelligent transformation.
                                                                                develop AI agents, create digital staff applications,
     We will enhance our overseas software agency
                                                                                and improve daily management efficiency. In the
     business, cooperate with the Guangxi Zhuang
                                                                                Macau market, we will integrate new technologies
     Autonomous Region to explore the establishment
                                                                                such as AI algorithms, big data, and Internet of
     of an International Compliant Data Flow and Trading
                                                                                Vehicles (“IoV”) to build and optimise large models
     Platform and a trusted data space in Macau, and
                                                                                in Portuguese, legal affairs and transportation. This
     integrate AI applications for overseas expansion, with
                                                                                initiative could meet citizens’ demand for Portuguese
     a view to building the Company into a world-class
                                                                                a n d l e g a l c o n s u l t a t i o n s , e n r i ch s m a r t m o b i l i t y
     comprehensive AI service provider. For enterprise
                                                                                and smart tourism experiences, and promote the
     customers, we are implementing a dual-path strategy
                                                                                development of “AI Macau”. We will explore building
     to assist enterprises in going global and exporting
                                                                                Macau’s first large-scale intelligent computing center
     software, establishing a competitive advantage in
                                                                                to provide computing support for future AI business
     network security services.
                                                                                development.
     We w i l l d eve l o p c r o s s - b o r d e r d a t a b u s i n e s s ,
                                                                                By leveraging Hong Kong’s internationalisation and
     leverage the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater
                                                                                R&D resources, and taking advantage of the CITIC
     Bay Area and the cross-border dat a circulation
                                                                                Hong Kong AI Innovation Center, we will precisely
     cooperation between Guangxi and Macau as key
                                                                                align with the Hong Kong Government’s AI research
     drivers, to construct and operate the “International
                                                                                support policies and develop the innovation center
     Cooperation Service Center for Data and AI”, with
                                                                                into the Group’s hub for technology and a new driving
     a view to promoting the clustered development of
                                                                                force for business growth. We will conduct R&D in
     the data industry in Hong Kong and Macau. We will
                                                                                key areas such as deep AI applications, embodied
     facilitate the overseas expansion of AI enterprises’
                                                                                intelligence, smart finance and industrial intelligence,
     models, computational power service and application
                                                                                continuously strengthen research cooperation with
     capabilities, building a data re-export trade window
                                                                                universities, and promote the implementation of
     between Chinese mainland and countries along the
     “Belt and Road”, and a trusted hub and service portal                      scientific research achievements, building an AI
                                                                                innovative application ecosystem of “Universities –
     for AI cooperation, thus enhancing the ecological
                                                                                Innovation Center – Industries”. We will optimise our
     standing of Hong Kong and Macau in global data trade
                                                                                AI talent teams, introduce high-end AI research talents
     and the AI industry.
                                                                                to enhance our innovation. In response to the strong
                                                                                demand from enterprise customers for AI applications,
                                                                                we will launch a series of integrated AI ser vice
                                                                                solutions and actively transform into a comprehensive
                                                                                AI service provider.
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025                  19




                                                                                         CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


3.    Deepen market strategic layout and                               We will deepen our presence in the Singapore
      strengthen market coverage                                       Government and enterprise market, strengthen
                                                                       sustainable business scale (cloud ser vices, ISP,
We will integrate existing strengths and optimise
                                                                       t e l e c o m m u n i c a t i o n s s e r v i c e s , IT m a n a g e m e n t
resources allocation. We will serve global carriers
                                                                       ser vices, etc.). We will deepen our presence in
effectively, further explore their new demands,
                                                                       emerging countries such as Malaysia, Thailand,
consolidate and leverage our established position as
                                                                       Indonesia and Vietnam, develop data roaming and IoV,
a telecommunications hub, and gain a larger market
                                                                       and expand our business scope and scale.
share in the global carriers’ market. By effectively
ser ving customers in their “Going Global” and
“Bringing In”, the Group will continuously enhance                     Finally, I would like to express sincere appreciation to
our “AI+ Cloud, Network, Security” integrated solution                 all shareholders, investors, customers, partners and
capabilities. This effort will position the Group as                   the public for their longstanding support for CITIC
an industr y leader in the Asia-Pacific enterprise                     Telecom, as well as sincere gratitude to all employees
market and reinforce us as the preferred partner for                   for their hard work and dedication.
cross-border businesses. We will also strengthen
our collaboration with Chinese companies in Hong
Kong and Macau, expanding business related to the
“Going Global” strategies of state-owned enterprise
customers.
                                                                       Luo Xicheng
The Group will proactively engage with key economic                    Chairman
a n d t r a d e zo n e s i d e n t i f i e d by t h e H o n g Ko n g   Hong Kong, 12 March 2026
Government, extending our “Belt and Road” business
coverage. We will strengthen global resources
integration and boost brand influence. While expanding
our network of PoPs and branches, the Group will also
explore opportunities in relevant emerging markets.
We will aim to create world-class internationalised
products and build a world-class internationalised
team.
20   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




        LEADING THE
                      DIGITAL WORLD
ANNUAL REPORT 2025   21
22   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     BUSINESS REVIEW

     In 2025, the Group promoted international development and technological leadership, continuously consolidating
     its leading position in the telecommunications industry in Macau. It accelerated the evolution of mobile
     5G-Advanced and fixed-line F5G-Advanced technologies, strengthening its new digital foundation oriented
     towards dual 10-Gigabit capabilities. The Group deepened ecological cooperation with international operators and
     actively expanded the commercial application of GSMA Open Gateway capabilities. In enterprise business, it
     continuously advanced the integration of AI and security capabilities, accelerating the implementation of the “AI+
     Cloud, Network, and Security” strategy. Traditional businesses transformed in an orderly manner, while emerging
     momentum progressed steadily, continuously enhancing the Group’s overall competitiveness. For the year ended
     31 December 2025, the Group’s total revenue amounted to HK$9,567 million, similar compared with the previous year.


     MOBILE SALES & SERVICES
                                                                                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025                 23




                                                                                                         BUSINESS REVIEW


1. MOBILE SALES & SERVICES                                               Enhance 5G Standalone network adoption
                                                                         and expand international roaming market
Continuously optimising mobile network
performance to steadily expand scale of                                  Continuous efforts have been made to deepen 5G
mobile services. As at the end of 2025, the                              network coverage in Macau, with a focus on improving
G ro u p re g i s te re d e xc e e d i n g 810,0 0 0 5G                  user experience in indoor and other specific scenarios,
users in Macau, representing a 7.6% increase                             resulting in a steady increase in the adoption rate
compared to the end of 2024, with the market                             of the 5G Standalone (5G SA) network. Companhia
share in Macau ’s mobile market rising to                                de Telecomunicações de Macau, S.A. (“CTM”), the
54.7%. For the year ended 31 December                                    Group’s subsidiary, has capitalised on the trend of
2025, mobile services revenue amounted                                   eSIM technology by launching the new “RoamEasy
to HK$1,159 million, an increase of 6.3%                                 e S I M ” s e r v i c e , ex p a n d i n g i t s m a r ke t s h a r e i n
compared with the previous year.                                         international roaming. As at the end of 2025, CTM
                                                                         had launched bilateral 5G roaming services with 173
Comprehensively advancing into the 5.5G era                              overseas network operators (covering 139 countries/
and consolidating the leading position in the                            regions), including bilateral 5G SA roaming with 2
Macau market                                                             overseas network operators (covering 2 countries/
                                                                         regions). Additionally, CTM had launched bilateral
Enhancing telecom network infrastructure capabilities
                                                                         4G roaming ser vices with 397 overseas network
in Macau to empower local socio-economic
                                                                         operators (covering 230 countries/regions), bilateral
development with high-quality mobile communication
                                                                         VoLTE roaming with 145 overseas network operators,
services and support the deep digital integration of
                                                                         and incoming VoLTE roaming ser vices with 61
the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area.
                                                                         overseas network operators (covering 143 countries/
The 3G network was successfully decommissioned
                                                                         regions).
in June 2025, and network resource reutilization
was systematically advanced. As at the end of 2025,                      Continuously upgrading platform capabilities
the 5G user penetration rate reached 100%. The                           towards 5G, strengthening the position as
deployment of 5G-Advanced (5.5G) continued to                            core regional hub for cross-border mobile
progress steadily, with the pioneering introduction                      services
of 5.5G Reduced Capability (RedCap) IoT technology
to propel Macau into a new phase of 5.5G. Through                        Th e G r o u p i s c o m m i tt e d t o p r ov i d i n g o p t i m a l
relevant market integration arrangements, the Group                      connectivity services to global telecom operators.
continues to maintain its position as the market                         In response to the accelerated evolution of mobile
leader.                                                                  networks, the Group focuses on the Asia-Pacific
                                                                         market and deepens cooperation with major telecom
P ro m o t i n g 5.5G f i xe d - m o b i l e c o nve rge d               operators, comprehensively upgrading platform
dedicated line services and optimising user                              capabilities including cross-border SIMN and Mobile
experience                                                               Roaming Signalling towards 5G. The Group has
                                                                         deployed Secure Edge Protection Proxy (SEPP)
Pr o m o t i n g t h e “ S m a r t H o m e M o b i l i t y Pr i va t e
                                                                         platform that support the security architecture for 5G
Network” solution to integrate 5.5G mobile private
                                                                         roaming, and further expanded the regional coverage
networks with Macau’s local fixed-line networks,
                                                                         and business scope of its international roaming hub
providing families, offices, and enterprises with
                                                                         (IPX) platform.
secure, high-speed dedicated access, and enabling
diverse application scenarios. Continuously enhancing
the CTM Buddy mobile APP functionality, introducing
AI customer service, and building a one-stop service
portal to strengthen customer retention.
24   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     BUSINESS REVIEW



     INTERNET SERVICES
                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025                25




                                                                                                        BUSINESS REVIEW


2. INTERNET SERVICES                                                     The Group accelerated the deployment of advanced
                                                                         fixed-line broadband technologies such as 50G-PON
Continuously optimising Macau’s local broadband                          and Wi-Fi 7, and implemented Macau’s first “10-Gigabit
network, over 50% of CTM’s broadband users                               Neighbourhood” solution, providing superior
exceeding 1Gbps for the internet connection                              connectivity experiences for corporate and home
s p e e d . m a i n t a i n e d t h e s c a l e o f d a t a c e n t re   users in Macau, and facilitating the transition from
b u s i n e s s a n d e n h a n c e d i n te rn e t s e r v i c e        Gigabit to 10-Gigabit connectivity in Macau. Leveraging
capabilities. For the year ended 31 December 2025,                       leading dual 10-Gigabit net work infrastructure,
internet services revenue amounted to HK$1,436                           C T M p r ov i d e d “ D u a l 10- G i g a b i t S p o r t s Ve n u e”
million, a decrease of 4.2% compared with the                            communication solutions for the main venues of the
previous year.                                                           15th National Games (Macau region), reinforcing the
                                                                         digital foundation for Macau’s smart city development.
Advancing technological upgrades for internet
services, deploying Macau ’s dual 10-Gigabit                             Strengthening the core data centre strategic
network to sustain industry leadership                                   arrangement and advancing internet service
                                                                         development
Actively promoted FTTR (Fiber-to-the-Room) services,
leading to continuous growth in the number of                            The Group has established a Tier III+ high-grade
customers. As at the end of 2025, the Group’s                            data centre cluster with core nodes in Hong Kong,
internet market share in Macau was approximately                         Macau and Tier 1 cities in Chinese mainland (such as
96.3% . W hil e th e n u m b e r o f b ro a d b a nd users               Beijing, Shanghai and Guangzhou), while advancing
increased, intense market competition exerted certain                    the upgrade of data centre facilities in core regions.
pressure on broadband ser vices. By introducing                          Leveraging a “Globalised and Localised” ser vice
the AI-WAN network solution 1 , further improved                         network, the Group provides enterprise customers
network resource scheduling efficiency and intelligent                   with end-to-end internet connectivit y solutions.
operation and maintenance capabilities. According to                     100Gbps international internet outbound bandwidth
a global broadband speed test report released by a                       has been deployed at key overseas nodes such
professional institution, Macau’s fixed-line broadband                   as Europe to enhance interconnectivity. Further
average download speed ranked seventh globally2.                         optimising the performance and stability of dedicated
                                                                         internet and broadband ser vices, solidifies the
                                                                         foundation for business development.




1     CTM was awarded the “AI-WAN Best Implementation Award” at the 2025 Global IPv6 Forum and the “AI-Oriented Business Innovation and
      Premium User Experience Award 2025” by IDATE, a leading European digital economy think tank.

2     Source: Broadband network test report published by Speedtest Global, an international website, in December 2025.
26   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     BUSINESS REVIEW



     INTERNATIONAL
     TELECOMMUNICATIONS SERVICES
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025         27




                                                                                 BUSINESS REVIEW


3. INTERNATIONAL                                         Stabilising international voice business and
   TELECOMMUNICATIONS                                    enterprise messaging services
   SERVICES                                              Through detailed and intensive measures in business
Advancing platform 5G upgrades, deepening                management and a high-quality service system, the
business cooperation and driving continuous              Group has effectively identified potential customer
growth in “DataMall 自由行”. For the year ended 31          demands and consolidated the business fundamental
December 2025, international telecommunications          of international voice and enterprise messaging
services revenue amounted to HK$2,489 million, an        services. In 2025, the Group continued to strengthen
increase of 5.2% compared with the previous year.        the resilience of these businesses.

Deepening “DataMall 自由行 ” business                       The Group has joined the GSMA Open Gateway
cooperation and expanding IoT and IoV                    initiative. The “RJet” project, jointly developed with
opportunities                                            partners, received an award at the “Open Gateway
                                                         Global Use Case Innovation Challenge” at the
With the deepening of Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao          2025 Mobile World Congress. The “Global Mobile
Greater Bay Area integration and sustained growth        Number Smart Authentication Ser vice” has been
in cross-border activities, demand for cross-border      commercialised at the Shenzhen Data Exchange.
data roaming services continues to rise. The Group       Leveraging Open Gateway APIs, the Group has
has increased investment in independent research         ventured into application scenarios such as enterprise
and development and promoted the evolution of its        identity verification and secure communication, aiming
international mobile data trading platform “DataMall     to explore new revenue streams.
自由行” towards 5G, delivering more convenient,
secure and stable high-quality data roaming services
for cross-border travellers.

The roaming data package business has expanded its
cooperation with mobile operators and merchants,
primarily covering markets including Chinese mainland,
Hong Kong, Macau, Japan, South Korea and Southeast
Asia. In 2025, sales revenue from the partnership
with the second mobile operator in Chinese mainland
achieved significant growth. Meanwhile, the IoT “eSIM
platform” has been upgraded to assist IoT and IoV
partners in expanding overseas markets.
28   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     BUSINESS REVIEW



     ENTERPRISE SOLUTIONS
                                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025          29




                                                                                                          BUSINESS REVIEW


4. ENTERPRISE SOLUTIONS                                                          The Group will continue to deepen its “AI+ Cloud,
                                                                                 Net work, and Securit y” strategy, laying a solid
Continuously optimising deployment along                                         foundation through enhanced network capabilities and
the “Belt and Road”, the Group’s services have                                   addressing growing demand with enhanced security
covered 160 countries and regions with nearly                                    solutions, advancing technology empowerment
170 PoPs. Advancing the “AI+ Cloud, Network,                                     systematically, driving high-quality and sustainable
and Security ” strategy and deepening AI                                         growth in enterprise business and creating long-term
e m p owe rm e n t to a c c e l e ra te e n te rp ri s e                         value for shareholders.
business transformation. For the year ended
31 December 2025, enterprise solutions                                           Harnessing the power of AI to propel high-
revenue amounted to HK$2,745 million, a                                          quality transformation
decrease of 7.2% compared with the previous
year.                                                                            Seizing the development trend of AI large language
                                                                                 models and AI Agent technology, the Group has
Improving global network presence and                                            strengthened in-house development capabilities,
deepening the deployment of the “AI+ Cloud,                                      achieving seamless integration of the AI Databank
Network, and Security” strategy                                                  with enterprise operation systems, and was awarded
                                                                                 a Silver Medal at the 50 th International Exhibition
In enterprise business, amidst pressures from a
complex and volatile international environment,                                  of Inventions Geneva. The Group has advanced the
intensified market competition, and rapid technological                          implementation of innovative products including the
iteration, the Group deepened business presence                                  SmartCLOUD™ AI assistant, AI penetration testing
centred on cloud, network and security, strengthened                             (AI Pentest), and AI Guardrail, building a multi-level
capability development to steadily consolidate the                               information security protection system and further
foundation for business growth.                                                  enhancing its innovative advantage in the field of
                                                                                 information security.
Implement the strategic positioning of “With the
backing of Chinese mainland, establishing a foothold                             Actively contribute to the development of “AI Macau”,
in Hong Kong and Macau, and connecting to the                                    in 2025, the “City Digital Economy (Macau) Innovation
world”, connecting with both the Chinese mainland                                Center”, co-built with Baidu, was officially launched,
and the world, continuously optimising the Southeast                             focusing on developing AI smart applications for
Asia and Europe network presence along the “Belt                                 various industries. Cooperating with the Macao
and Road”. In 2025, new network PoPs were added in                               Government Tourism Office, the Group upgraded
Yibin, Sichuan and Almaty, Kazakhstan. International                             the smart tourism customer service application, and
network PoPs in Hanoi, Jakarta, Bangkok, and Manila                              expanded the customer base of the “Dr. Easy Smart
were upgraded, established around 65 SD-WAN                                      Healthcare Platform”. Provided intelligent big data
gateways. 6 new backbone network lines in Chinese                                analysis services for multiple government departments
mainland were established and increased capacity                                 and local enterprises, assisting in the development of
on 10 international lines covering major hubs in APAC
                                                                                 smart city initiatives in Macau.
and Europe. Reinforcing the support for Chinese
enterprises expanding overseas to Southeast Asia,                                In Southeast Asia region, the Group has established
Europe, and the Middle East.                                                     Singapore as its regional hub and continuously
                                                                                 deepened its business presence in key markets such
Established a multi-cloud architecture connecting
                                                                                 as the Philippines, Malaysia, Thailand, and Indonesia.
C h i n e s e m a i n l a n d a n d i n t e r n a t i o n a l , l a u n ch e d
t h e H y b r i d C l o u d p l a t fo r m s e r v i c e , u p g r a d e d       By deeply empowering the ServiceONE IT managed
t h e Tru e C O N N E C T ™ H y b r i d S D - WA N s e c u r i t y               services platform with AI, continuously optimised
management ser vice, and introduced the self-                                    workforce deployment and ser vice response
developed Security Information and Event                                         efficiency, elevating intelligent service standards and
Management SIEM-MiiND ser vice. An AI-driven                                     accelerating digital transformation for local customers.
Security Operations Center (AI SOC) has been built,                              As at the end of 2025, the platform covered markets
ranking among the top three most trusted SOC                                     including Singapore, Malaysia and Thailand, serving
service providers in the Hong Kong market 3. Benefiting                          more than 90 clients across multiple industries,
from accelerated digital transformation of enterprises,                          including higher education, healthcare, government,
emerging cloud computing and information security                                and retail chains, with over 50,000 end users.
businesses achieved double-digit year-on-year growth
in 2025.

3      Source: “IT PRO Enterprise SOC Survey Results”, April 2025 issue of Hong Kong’s well-known IT industry magazine “IT PRO”.
30   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     BUSINESS REVIEW



     FIXED LINE SERVICES
                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025   31




                                                         BUSINESS REVIEW



5. FIXED LINE SERVICES
Revenue from fixed-line services declined, in line
with the global trend for this business. For the
year ended 31 December 2025, fixed line services
revenue amounted to HK$122 million, a decrease
of 8.3% compared with the previous year.

The Group has endeavoured to maintain the customer
volume and business scale of the fixed-line voice
service in Macau. The number of residential fixed-line
customers and commercial customers declined.
32   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     FINANCIAL REVIEW

     OVERVIEW
     The Group’s profit for the year ended 31 December 2025 increased 0.8% year-on-year to HK$935 million, profit
     attributable to equity shareholders of the Company increased 1.1% year-on-year to HK$920 million, and basic
     earnings per share was up 1.2% to HK24.9 cents when compared to last year.

     The Group’s total revenue amounted to HK$9,567 million which was similar to last year, while revenue from
     telecommunications services decreased 1.2% year-on-year to HK$7,951 million.

     Summary of Financial Results

                                                                      Year ended 31 December
         In HK$ million                                                        2025               2024     Increase/(Decrease)

         Revenue from telecommunications services                             7,951              8,045          (94)             (1.2%)
         Sales of mobile handsets and equipment                               1,616              1,528           88               5.8%
         Revenue                                                              9,567               9,573          (6)         (0.1%)
         Valuation loss on investment properties                                (10)                 (7)          3          42.9%
         Other income                                                            64                  86         (22)        (25.6%)
         Cost of sales and services                                          (5,968)             (6,022)        (54)         (0.9%)
         Depreciation and amortisation                                         (683)               (727)        (44)         (6.1%)
         Staff costs                                                         (1,085)             (1,020)         65           6.4%
         Other operating expenses                                              (605)               (550)         55          10.0%
         Profit from consolidated activities                                  1,280              1,333          (53)         (4.0%)
         Finance costs                                                         (152)              (252)        (100)        (39.7%)
         Share of profit of a joint venture                                       –                  1           (1)            N/A
         Income tax                                                            (193)              (154)          39          25.3%
         Profit for the year                                                    935                928            7           0.8%
         Less: Non-controlling interests                                        (15)               (18)          (3)        (16.7%)
         Profit attributable to equity shareholders of
           the Company                                                          920                910           10              1.1%
         EBITDA*                                                              1,925              2,001          (76)         (3.8%)
         Basic earnings per share (HK cents)                                   24.9               24.6          0.3              1.2%
         Dividends per share (HK cents)                                        19.0                18.8         0.2              1.1%

     *       EBITDA represents earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation.
                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025   33




                                                                                                            FINANCIAL REVIEW


Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company

                                            HK$
                                           million


                                            1,400
                                                                   910
                                            1,200                                           920


                                            1,000


                                              800
                                                                   1,234                   1,152

                                              600


                                              400


                                              200


                                                0
                                                                   (65)                     (70)
                                                                                           (152)
                                            (200)                  (252)                    (10)
                                                                    (7)
                                            (400)

                                                                   2024                    2025

                       Operating profits     Corporate expenses*          Finance costs   Valuation loss on investment properties


*    Corporate expenses included staff costs for corporate functions, listing fee and others.


Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company for the year ended 31 December 2025 was HK$920
million which increased by 1.1% or HK$10 million when compared to the previous year. Excluding the valuation
loss on investment properties of HK$10 million (2024: HK$7 million), profit attributable to equity shareholders of
the Company for the year would amount to HK$930 million (2024: HK$917 million), representing a year-on-year
increase of 1.4%.
34   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     FINANCIAL REVIEW


     Revenue

     The Group is engaged in the provision of telecommunications services and the sales of mobile handsets and
     equipment.

     The Group provides telecommunications services for carriers, corporate clients and individual customers under
     five major business categories: mobile services, internet services, international telecommunications services,
     enterprise solutions and fixed line services.

     The Group’s total revenue including revenue from telecommunications services and the sales of mobile handsets
     and equipment was similar to last year and amounted to HK$9,567 million.


                            HK$
                          million

                          10,000                        9,573                                    9,567
                           9,000                     1,528 16%                              1,616 17%
                           8,000
                                                     1,090 11%                              1,159 12%
                           7,000
                                                     1,499 16%                              1,436 15%
                           6,000

                           5,000
                                                     2,365 25%                              2,489 26%
                           4,000

                           3,000

                           2,000
                                                     2,958 31%                              2,745 29%
                           1,000
                               0                       133 1%                                122 1%
                                                         2024                                    2025
                              Sales of mobile handsets and equipment      Mobile services                Internet services

                              International telecommunications services   Enterprise solutions           Fixed line services




     Revenue from telecommunications services for the year ended 31 December 2025 amounted to HK$7,951
     million, which represented a decrease of 1.2% or HK$94 million when compared to the previous year. The
     decrease was mainly attributed to the drop in revenue from enterprise solutions, internet services and fixed
     line services revenue, but was partially offset by the increase in revenue from mobile services and international
     telecommunications services.

     The Group’s sales of mobile handsets and equipment for the year ended 31 December 2025 amounted to
     HK$1,616 million, which represented an increase of 5.8% or HK$88 million when compared to the previous year.
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025   35




                                                                                             FINANCIAL REVIEW


Mobile sales & services

Mobile sales & services revenue includes the revenue from sales of mobile handsets and equipment and mobile
services revenue. Sales of mobile handsets and equipment mainly consists of the sales of mobile handsets in
Macau. Mobile services revenue broadly includes the revenue from mobile local and roaming services, other
mobile value-added services and others.


                 HK$
               million

                3,000                                                         2,775
                                         2,618                6.0%
                2,500

                2,000                                                         1,616
                                         1,528
                1,500

                1,000

                    500                  1,090                                1,159

                      0
                                         2024                                 2025

                                  Sales of mobile handsets and equipment   Mobile services



Sales of mobile handsets and equipment increased 5.8% year-on-year to HK$1,616 million due to more stable
supply of mobile handsets during the year and other factors such as the increasing trend in 5G upgrade.

Postpaid revenue was up from last year due to the increase in the number of mobile customers and mobile
market shares as well as 5G penetration rate. Meanwhile, due to the stable recovery of Macau’s tourism
industry and measures such as “Northbound Travel for Macau Vehicles”, both outbound and inbound roaming
revenue and prepaid revenue also recorded an increase. Overall, mobile services revenue was up 6.3% year-on-
year to HK$1,159 million.

The Group’s overall number of mobile subscribers as at 31 December 2025 was over 817,000 (31 December
2024: over 771,000) subscribers, showing an increase of around 6.0% resulting from the increase in postpaid
customers of around 9.3% to approximately 623,000 (31 December 2024: over 570,000) subscribers, partly
offset by the decrease in prepaid customers of around 3.5% to over 194,000 (31 December 2024: over 201,000)
subscribers.

As at 31 December 2025, total number of 5G mobile subscribers reached over 817,000 (31 December 2024: over
759,000) subscribers, representing 100.0% (31 December 2024: 98.4%) of the Group’s total number of mobile
subscribers.

Internet services

Internet services revenue dropped 4.2% or HK$63 million year-on-year to HK$1,436 million. Even though there
was around 1.0% year-on-year increase in the number of broadband subscribers to over 210,000 (31 December
2024: over 208,000), intense market competition has led to the reduction in revenue for both internet access
services and data centre services.

As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s internet market share in Macau was around 96.3% (31 December 2024:
96.8%).
36   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     FINANCIAL REVIEW


     International telecommunications services

     International telecommunications services revenue including revenue from messaging services (including SMS),
     voice services and “DataMall 自由行” services increased by 5.2% or HK$124 million year-on-year to HK$2,489
     million.

     The Group’s successful efforts in increasing its voice services revenue by 12.4% or HK$200 million year-on-
     year to HK$1,815 million was the main contributor for the increase in international telecommunications services
     revenue. For the year ended 31 December 2025, messaging services revenue decreased by 17.0% or HK$103
     million year-on-year to HK$502 million.

     Revenue from “DataMall 自由行” services maintained stable growth of 18.6% or HK$27 million to HK$172
     million when compared to last year.

     Enterprise solutions

     Enterprise solutions broadly include enterprise solutions services, business solution projects, virtual private
     network services, sales of related products and others. For the year ended 31 December 2025, enterprise
     solutions revenue decreased by 7.2% or HK$213 million year-on-year to HK$2,745 million. The decrease is
     mainly contributed by the drop in enterprise solutions revenue in Macau as a result of lower revenue from large
     government and resorts projects, as well as the decrease in leased lines revenue.

     Fixed line services

     As a result of the decrease in fixed residential and business lines, fixed line services revenue was down by 8.3%
     year-on-year to HK$122 million for the year ended 31 December 2025.

     Results for the year

     Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company was HK$920 million, a year-on-year increase of 1.1% or
     HK$10 million mainly due to the combined effect of the following factors:

     Revenue

     The Group’s revenue from telecommunications services decreased by 1.2% or HK$94 million to HK$7,951 million.
     Total revenue including mobile handsets and equipment sales amounted to HK$9,567 million for the year which
     was similar to last year.

     Valuation loss on investment properties

     Certain floors of the properties held by the Group were leased out to third parties and an affiliate of the Group.
     These floors were revalued as at 31 December 2025 by the Group’s independent surveyors with a valuation loss
     of HK$10 million (2024: HK$7 million).

     Cost of sales and services

     Cost of sales and services includes cost of provision of telecommunications services and cost of sales of mobile
     handsets and equipment. Cost of sales and services decreased 0.9% year-on-year or HK$54 million to HK$5,968
     million. The decrease in cost of sales and services was in-line with the decrease in telecommunications services
     revenue.

     Depreciation and amortisation

     Depreciation and amortisation expenses totalled HK$683 million for the year ended 31 December 2025,
     representing a year-on-year decrease of 6.1%. The decrease was mainly due to certain aged networks and
     equipment being fully depreciated in 2024.
                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025    37




                                                                                            FINANCIAL REVIEW


Staff costs

Staff costs increased year-on-year by 6.4% or HK$65 million to HK$1,085 million.

Other operating expenses

Other operating expenses increased year-on-year by 10.0% or HK$55 million to HK$605 million mainly due to the
increase in loss allowance on trade receivables and contract assets.

Finance costs

During the year, the Group has fully redeemed the US$450 million 6.1% guaranteed bonds by using its surplus
funds of HK$394 million and the bank and other loans of HK$3,096 million, and repaid HK$197 million bank and
other loans using its surplus funds. As a result, finance costs decreased by 39.7% year-on-year or HK$100 million
to HK$152 million.

Income tax

Income tax for the year amounted to HK$193 million, an increase of HK$39 million when compared to the
previous year. Included in the income tax amount for 2025 is a provision for top-up tax of HK$31 million (2024:
$Nil) as required under the Hong Kong Inland Revenue (Amendment) (Minimum Tax for Multinational Enterprise
Groups) Ordinance 2025. Excluding finance costs, over or under-provision of taxes and any origination and
reversal of temporary differences in relation to prior years, the effective tax rates for the years ended 31
December 2025 and 2024 were 15.7% and 13.4% respectively.

Earnings and Dividends per share

Both basic and diluted earnings per share were up 1.2% year-on-year respectively to approximately HK24.9 cents
for the year ended 31 December 2025.

The Company’s Board of Directors has resolved to recommend to shareholders the payment of final dividend of
HK13.0 cents per share which, together with the interim dividend of HK6.0 cents per share already paid, makes
total dividends of HK19.0 cents per share for the year ended 31 December 2025. This represents an increase of
1.1% year-on-year.

   HK
  cent

   35                                                          33.3
                                              32.3
   30           29.3
                                              24.5             25.3
                                                                                     24.6                          24.9
   25           22.5
                                                                                     18.8                          19.0
   20
   15

   10                                             6.0           6.0                  6.0                           6.0
                 5.5
    5

    0
                2021                          2022             2023                  2024                          2025

                       Basic earnings per share         Interim dividend per share           Dividends per share
38   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     FINANCIAL REVIEW


     Cash flows

                                                                     Year ended 31 December
         In HK$ million                                                       2025                2024            Increase/(Decrease)

         Source of cash:
         Cash inflows from business operations                               2,266                1,560                  706              45.3%
         Decrease in other deposits                                             26                   44                  (18)            (40.9%)
         Other cash inflows                                                     38                   63                  (25)            (39.7%)
         Sub-total                                                           2,330                1,667                  663              39.8%
         Use of cash:
         Capital expenditure*                                                 (366)                (404)                 (38)              (9.4%)
         Dividends paid to equity shareholders and
           non-controlling interests                                          (706)                (950)                (244)            (25.7%)
         Capital and interest elements of lease
           rentals paid                                                       (121)                (140)                  (19)           (13.6%)
         Payment of borrowing costs                                           (204)                (233)                 (29)            (12.4%)
         Net cash outflows from borrowings                                    (591)                  (1)                 590             >100%
         Sub-total                                                          (1,988)              (1,728)                 260              15.0%
         Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash
          equivalents                                                          342                  (61)                 403                 N/A

     *       Included in the amounts are payments for purchase of property, plant and equipment in respect of current year additions and prior years
             unsettled purchases.


     The Group generated HK$2,330 million cash inflow from its operations, with the use of cash mainly comprised of
     capital expenditure, lease payments, dividends distributions and payment of borrowing costs. In total, the Group
     recorded a net cash inflow of HK$342 million for the year ended 31 December 2025.

     Capital expenditure

     The Group’s total capital expenditure for the year ended 31 December 2025 amounted to HK$360 million. During
     the year, HK$85 million was invested in 5G network, HK$15 million was incurred for the Group’s data centre
     development and the remainder of the capital expenditure was mainly used for network systems upgrade and
     expansion.

     Capital commitments

     As at 31 December 2025, the Group had outstanding capital commitments of HK$68 million, mainly for 5G
     network development, data centre development, system upgrades, construction costs of networks, and other
     telecommunications equipment which had yet to be delivered to the Group. Of these commitments, HK$39
     million was outstanding contractual capital commitments and HK$29 million was capital commitments authorised
     but for which contracts had yet to be entered into.
                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025              39




                                                                                       RISK MANAGEMENT

In accordance with the Board’s instruction, the Group has established a risk management system covering
various business segments to identify, assess and manage various risks in the Group’s business activities. The
business, operating results, financial position and profitability of the Group may be subject to a number of risk
factors and uncertainties, directly or indirectly, relating to the Group. The risk factors set out below are not
exhaustive and the Group, in addition to these risk factors, may also be exposed to other unknown risks or risks
that may not be material at present but may become material in the future.

FINANCIAL RISK
Managing financial risks to which the Group exposed is one of the primary responsibilities of the Group’s
treasury function. To balance the high degree of financial control and cash management efficiency, each
business unit within the Group is responsible for its own cash management which is closely monitored by the
headquarters. In addition, the decision of financing activities is centralised at head office level.

1.   Debt and leverage

     As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s total debt was HK$3,257 million, a decrease of 16.6% when
     compared to HK$3,907 million as at 31 December 2024. The Group’s net debt decreased to HK$1,312
     million, the net gearing ratio decreased from 18% as at 31 December 2024 to 11% as at 31 December
     2025.

     As at 31 December 2025, total debt and net debt of the Group were as follows:

                                                                                   Denomination
         In HK$ million equivalents              HKD        USD         SGD         MOP    RMB              EUR      Others        Total

         Total debt                             2,903           –           –           –        354*           –           –      3,257
         Less: Cash and deposits                 (494)       (681)        (58)       (423)      (155)         (64)        (70)    (1,945)
         Net debt/(cash)                        2,409        (681)        (58)      (423)       199           (64)       (70)      1,312

     *       The Group entered into a certain amount of RMB to SGD fixed-to-fixed cross currency swap in 2024 to eliminate foreign exchange
             risk associated with the retranslation of part of the net investment in Singapore subsidiaries.


     As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group’s net gearing ratio was as follows:

                                                                                               31 December              31 December
         In HK$ million                                                                               2025                     2024

         Total debt                                                                                       3,257                   3,907
         Less: Cash and deposits                                                                         (1,945)                 (1,611)
         Net debt                                                                                        1,312                    2,296
         Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                                11,023                   10,717
         Total capital                                                                                  12,335                   13,013
         Net gearing ratio                                                                                 11%                     18%
40   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     RISK MANAGEMENT


                                                              Net Debt and Net Gearing Ratio
                  HK$
                million


                15,000


                12,000


                 9,000
                                                       10,717
                                                                                                                            11,023
                 6,000


                 3,000
                                                             18%
                                                        2,296                                                                     11%
                     0                                                                                                       1,312
                                             As at 31 December 2024                                               As at 31 December 2025
                                Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company              Net debt                 Net gearing ratio


         The Group’s total debt decreased from HK$3,907 million as at 31 December 2024 to HK$3,257 million as at
         31 December 2025. The Group has fully redeemed the US$450 million 6.1% guaranteed bonds by using its
         surplus funds of HK$394 million and the bank and other loans of HK$3,096 million. In addition, the Group
         has net repayment of bank and other loans for the amount of HK$197 million from its surplus cash during
         the year.

         The maturity profile of the Group’s total debt which includes interest payable as at 31 December 2025 was
         as follows:

                                                                                                           After 1                     After
                                                                                                              year                   2 years
                                                                                                               but                       but
                                                                                     Within                 within                    within
             In HK$ million                                                          1 year                2 years                   3 years              Total

             Bank and other loans                                                      1,200                   354                     1,697              3,251
             Interest payable                                                              6                     –                         –                  6
                                                                                       1,206                   354                     1,697              3,257

                                                                     Total Debt by Maturity

                                                                       9%
                                                         9%                            52%
                                                                                                                                            37%




                          91%

                                                                                                                                         11%

                                      As at 31 December 2024                                         As at 31 December 2025

                                 Within 1 year                     After 1 year but within 2 years           After 2 years but within 3 years



         *       The above graph excludes the amount of interest payable.
                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025         41




                                                                          RISK MANAGEMENT


Available sources of financing

The Group aims to maintain the cash balance and undrawn bank and other loan facilities at a reasonable
level to meet the debt repayments and capital expenditure requirement in the coming year.

The Group’s cash balance of HK$1,945 million and undrawn committed bank and other loan facilities
of HK$7,278 million as at 31 December 2025 were more than sufficient to cover the repayments of
outstanding amount of total debt (excluding interest payable) of HK$1,200 million in the coming year and
contractual capital commitments of HK$39 million as at 31 December 2025.

As at 31 December 2025, the Group had available trading facilities of HK$222 million. The amount of HK$59
million was utilised as guarantees for performance to customers/the Macau Government and costs payable
to telecoms operators and others.

The utilised facilities of approximately HK$1 million were required to be secured by pledged deposits as at
31 December 2025.

As at 31 December 2025, the type of facilities of the Group was summarised as follows:

                                                            Total
                                                        available            Amount             Amount
 In HK$ million                                         facilities           utilised          unutilised

 Bank and other loans
 – Committed facilities:
   Bank loans                                               6,722               2,654               4,068
   Other loans                                              3,510                 300               3,210
                                                           10,232               2,954               7,278
 – Uncommitted facilities:
   Bank loans                                               2,324                 300               2,024
                                                           12,556               3,254               9,302
 Trading facilities – Uncommitted facilities                  222                  59                 163
 Total                                                     12,778               3,313               9,465
42   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     RISK MANAGEMENT


     2.   Liquidity risk management

          Each business unit within the Group is responsible for its own cash management, including predetermined
          short term investment of its cash surpluses. The raising of loans to cover its expected cash demands
          must be approved by the finance committee (with certain predetermined levels of authority) or the Board
          of Directors of the Company. The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor its liquidity requirements and its
          compliance with lending covenants, to ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves of cash and adequate
          committed bank and other loan facilities to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer term.

          Cash flow is well-planned and reviewed regularly by the management of the Group, so that the Group can
          meet its funding needs. The cash flows from the Group’s operating activities together with the undrawn
          bank and other loan facilities enable the Group to meet its liquidity requirements in the short and longer
          term.

     3.   Loan covenants

          Committed banking facilities contain certain covenants, undertaking, financial covenants, change in control
          clause and/or events of default provisions, which are commonly found in lending arrangements with
          financial institutions. If the Group were to breach the covenants or in any case of an event of default, the
          drawn down facilities would become payable on demand. The Group regularly monitors its compliance
          with these covenants. As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group was in compliance with the relevant
          requirements.

     4.   Contingent liabilities

          As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group had no significant contingent liabilities.

     5.   Performance bonds, guarantees and pledged assets

          As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, performance bonds and other guarantees of the Group were as follows:

                                                                                  31 December          31 December
           In HK$ million                                                                2025                 2024

           Performance bonds provided to the Macau Government and
             other customers                                                                  54                  78
           Other guarantees                                                                    5                   5
           Total                                                                              59                  83

          As at 31 December 2025, bank deposits of HK$2 million (2024: HK$2 million) were pledged to secure part
          of the facilities of the Group.

          As at 31 December 2025, the Company issued guarantees of HK$184 million (2024: HK$175 million) for its
          subsidiaries in respect of the various forms of facility lines from financial institutions.

          In September 2025, the Company’s subsidiary, Companhia de Telecomunicações de Macau, S.A. (“CTM”)
          and the Macau Government entered into a supplemental concession agreement (the “2025 Supplemental
          Concession Agreement”), under which the Macau Government agreed to extend the concession for
          operating domestic and international fixed voice telephony services (the “Concession”) under the Midterm
          Review of the Concession Agreement for Public Telecommunications Services (the “Midterm Review
          of Concession Agreement”) by two years until 30 September 2027. The 2025 Supplemental Concession
          Agreement also grants the Macau Government a termination right by giving CTM 60 days’ prior notice,
          exercisable from 1 October 2026.
                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025   43




                                                                                                     RISK MANAGEMENT


     Pursuant to the 2025 Supplemental Concession Agreement, certain assets (the “Assets”), as defined under
     Clauses 5, 6, and 7 of the Midterm Review of Concession Agreement, were transferred to the Macau
     Government on 1 October 2025, on the same day, the Macau Government handed over the Assets to CTM
     for its continuing use during the concession period. The Macau Government has also indicated its intention
     to make part of the Assets, such as the concession ducts, available for use by other telecommunications
     network operators in the Macau Special Administrative Region (the “Shared Assets”).

     As a result, CTM reclassified the net book value of the Shared Assets of HK$74 million as Concession
     Assets and amortised their carrying amounts over a period during which they are expected to be available
     for use by CTM. As at 31 December 2025, the net book value of Concession Assets is HK$73 million.

     For the remaining part of the Assets (the “Remaining Assets”), as CTM retains control over them to derive
     economic benefits, it will continue to be recognised as property, plant, and equipment. Their carrying
     amounts will be depreciated over their estimated useful lives. As at 31 December 2025, the net book value
     of the Remaining Assets is HK$148 million.

     For determining and estimating the useful lives of the Shared Assets and Remaining Assets, CTM based on
     the assumption of the subsequent successful renewal of the Concession or the grant of a new operating
     license to CTM to enable the continuation of managing and operating those assets.

6.   Interest rate risk

     Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate
     because of changes in market interest rates. The Group’s interest rate risk arises primarily from long-term
     borrowings. Borrowings issued at variable rates and fixed rates expose the Group to cash flow interest
     rate risk and fair value interest rate risk respectively. The Group manages its interest rate risk exposures in
     accordance with defined policies and regular review to achieve a balance between minimising the Group’s
     overall cost of fund and managing significant interest rate movements, as well as having regard to the
     floating/fixed rate mix appropriate to its current business portfolio.

     Interest rate risk is managed by fixed rate borrowings or through use of the interest rate swap, if
     necessary. As at 31 December 2025, approximately 11.0% (2024: 100.0%) of the Group’s borrowings,
     excluding interest payable and after taking the effect of cross currency swap arrangement, were linked to
     fixed interest rates. During the year, the Group did not enter into any interest rate swap arrangement for
     the purpose of interest rate risk management.


                                                                    Total Debt

                                                                                                              11.0%
                      100.0%                                            89.0%




                                  As at 31 December 2024                             As at 31 December 2025

                                            Fixed rate borrowings                Variable rate borrowings



     *    The above graph excludes the amount of interest payable.
44   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     RISK MANAGEMENT


          Effective interest rates

          As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the effective interest rates, after the inclusion of amortisation of
          transaction costs, were as follows:

                                                                                  31 December          31 December
                                                                                         2025                 2024

           Effective interest rate for fixed rate borrowings                               3.3%                5.8%
           Effective interest rate for variable rate borrowings                            3.6%                  N/A
           Effective interest rate for total borrowings                                    3.6%                5.8%

     7.   Currency risk

          The Group is exposed to currency risk primarily through sales and purchases which give rise to receivables,
          payables and cash and deposits that are denominated in a foreign currency, i.e. a currency other than
          the functional currency of the operations to which the transactions relate. The major places of operating
          companies within the Group are located in Hong Kong and Macau, whose functional currency is either
          Hong Kong dollars or Macau Patacas.

          A substantial portion of the Group’s revenue and cost of sales and services are denominated in United
          States dollars, Macau Patacas, Hong Kong dollars, Renminbi and Singapore dollars. The majority of the
          Group’s current assets, current liabilities and transactions are denominated in United States dollars, Macau
          Patacas, Hong Kong dollars, Renminbi and Singapore dollars. As the Hong Kong dollars is linked to the
          United States dollars and the Macau Patacas is pegged to the Hong Kong dollars, it will not pose significant
          currency risk between Hong Kong dollars, United States dollars and Macau Patacas to the Group. The
          Group measures its currency risk mainly by performing currency gap analysis. The Group seeks to reduce
          its currency risk by matching its foreign currency denominated assets with the corresponding liabilities of
          the same currency or by using forward contracts, cross currency swaps and other derivative instruments
          where appropriate, provided that hedging is only considered when there is a highly probable forecasted
          transaction.

          The Group has entered into cross currency swap to reduce part of the Group’s currency risk exposure.
          During the year, the Group did not enter into any new derivative arrangement for the purpose of currency
          risk management.

     8.   Credit risk

          The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to trade debtors and contract assets. Management has a
          credit policy in place and the exposures to these credit risks are monitored on an ongoing basis.

          Individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit over a certain amount. These
          evaluations focus on the customer’s past history of making payments when due and current ability to
          pay, and take into account information specific to the customer as well as pertaining to the economic
          environment in which the customer operates. Trade debtors are due within 7 to 180 days from the date of
          billing. Loss allowances for trade debtors and contract assets are measured based on the expected credit
          loss model.

          The Group has certain concentration risk in respect of trade debtors and contract assets due from the
          Group’s five largest debtors who accounted for approximately 17.1% (2024: approximately 20.3%) of the
          Group’s total trade debtors and contract assets as at 31 December 2025. The credit risk exposure to the
          balances of trade debtors and contract assets has been and will continue to be monitored by the Group on
          an ongoing basis.
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025         45




                                                                                RISK MANAGEMENT


9.   Counterparty risk

     The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from cash and deposits and bills receivable is limited because
     the Group mainly deals with financial institutions which have good credit ratings with prestigious credit
     ratings companies (such as Moody’s Investors Service, Standard & Poor’s and Fitch Group), or the note-
     issuing banks in Hong Kong and Macau, or its group companies. As at 31 December 2025, the Group has
     maintained cash and deposits and bills receivable of HK$1,962 million (2024: HK$1,611 million), among
     which HK$1,958 million (2024: HK$1,608 million) was placed in the above-mentioned entities, representing
     approximately 99.8% (2024: approximately 99.8%) of the total cash and deposits and bills receivable of the
     Group. To achieve a balance between maintaining the flexibility of the Group’s operations and minimising
     the exposure to credit risk arising from cash and deposits and bills receivable, the Group has a pre-defined
     policy and regular review on the rest of the cash portfolio. It is considered that the Group is exposed to a
     low credit risk in this respect.

ECONOMIC ENVIRONMENT
The Group’s primary facilities and operations are located in Hong Kong and Macau, and the majority of its
revenue is derived from Hong Kong, Macau and Chinese mainland respectively. Accordingly, the Group’s results
of operations and financial condition are dependent on the economies of Hong Kong, Macau and Chinese
mainland. The economies of Hong Kong and Macau are significantly affected by the developments in Chinese
mainland and the Asia-Pacific region. Chinese mainland economy may experience negative growth, while other
regional economies may also deteriorate. Reduced business activities, combined with a decline in international
travel have led to lower demand for roaming services, and a reduction in inbound/outbound calls to/from Chinese
mainland, which has had and may continue to have a negative impact on the Group’s results of operations and
financial condition. As tourism and gaming industries are the pillars of Macau’s economy, the setback in tourism
and gaming industries may have negative impact on the mobile services performance of CTM.

The Group’s operations span the Asia-Pacific region, where volatility in the global economic environment may
introduce uncertainty to daily operations and expansion plans. Furthermore, any deterioration in economic
conditions that pressures the creditworthiness and cash flows of existing customers, could lead to an elevated
risk of the Group’s overall credit risk exposure.

The Group will continue to adopt the following mitigation measures in response to the relevant risks:

•    Deepen its focus on business and profit diversification across key regions, including Hong Kong, Macau,
     the Chinese mainland, and Southeast Asia, to reduce dependence on any single market.

•    Enhance its diversified product portfolio for enterprise and cross-border customers – including cloud
     services, information security, and other enterprise solutions – to mitigate the cyclical fluctuations in
     traditional roaming and voice revenues.
46   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     RISK MANAGEMENT


     COMPETITIVE MARKETS
     The Group operates in highly competitive markets. Failure to compete in terms of product specifications, service
     quality, reliability or price may have an adverse impact on the Group.

     With the gradual liberalisation of the telecommunications industry in Hong Kong, Macau and Chinese
     mainland, the market may continue to attract new local and foreign entrants. This will broaden the variety of
     telecommunications services available in the market, thereby intensifying the overall level of competition in the
     industry. In addition, rapid changes in technology and business models by other telecommunications service
     providers may exacerbate competition and render the Group’s existing technologies, products or services
     obsolete, potentially resulting in a loss of the Group’s market share. At the same time, rapid development of new
     technologies, new services, new products, and new business models, including Over-The-Top (OTT) products
     such as instant voice and messaging services, may have a material adverse impact on the Group’s business,
     financial condition and results of operations.

     Intensification of competition might result in lower product prices, narrower profit margins as well as loss of
     market share for the Group.

     The Group will continue to adopt the following mitigation measures in response to the relevant risks:

     •    Strengthen its differentiation capabilities continuously through an integrated portfolio of 5.5G, cloud-based
          cybersecurity and AI solutions, targeting high-barrier niche markets such as cross-border communications,
          Internet of Vehicles (IoV), industry-specific cloud and security services.

     •    Centre its strategy on superior customer experience and comprehensive end-to-end solutions, while
          strengthening ecosystem partnerships with leading carriers, cloud service providers and equipment
          suppliers to co-develop platforms and industry standards, thereby mitigating the risks associated with
          standalone operations.

     OPERATIONAL RISK
     The Group provides telecommunications services to its customers, the quality of which depends substantially on
     the performance and reliability of its network infrastructure. Accordingly, the Group’s system architecture plays a
     critical role in enabling the timely and efficient processing of high transaction volumes.

     Operational disruptions may arise from the following causes, including failures in software, hardware,
     infrastructure, or connections, data processing errors, viruses or software defects, as well as security breaches,
     sabotage, or vandalism. In addition, inability to keep pace with technological advancements may also result
     in service interruptions. Such issues could result in multiple adverse consequences, including damage to the
     Group’s reputation, which in turn may affect customer retention and service promotion efforts. In addition,
     they may also result in liability claims or contractual penalties, and even fines imposed by relevant regulatory
     authorities. The occurrence of these issues may also increase the costs associated with remedial measures, and
     potentially resulting in reduced customer utilisation or early contract terminations. These consequences, whether
     direct or indirect, would adversely affect the Group’s revenues and performance.
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025         47




                                                                                 RISK MANAGEMENT


The Group will continue to adopt the following mitigation measures in response to the relevant risks:

•    Integrate multi-site data centres and redundant routing designs to enhance the backup architecture and
     failover processes for critical networks, platforms and data centres, while conducting regular drills on major
     incident emergency response plans.

•    Implement change management and version control protocols, with tiered approval and rollback
     mechanisms applied to core system upgrades and configuration changes, thereby mitigating interruption
     risks arising from hardware, software and system defects.

In September 2025, CTM and Macau Government entered into a supplemental agreement to the Concession
Agreement to extend the term of the Concession Agreement for 2 years from 1 October 2025 to 30 September
2027. During the Extension Period, CTM and Macau Government will continue to negotiate on the arrangement
upon expiry of the Extension Period. CTM will maintain close communication with the Macau Post and
Telecommunications Bureau to minimize the potential impact arising from any uncertainties associated with the
post-contract arrangements.

SECURITY OR PRIVACY BREACHES
The Group’s systems may be exposed to disruptive risks such as physical intrusions, computer viruses,
cyberattacks by hackers. If unauthorised users gain access to the Group’s databases, they may be able to
embezzle, publish, delete or modify sensitive information within the Group’s networks. A security or privacy
vulnerabilities could result in service interruptions or a reduced quality of service.

Furthermore, internal confidential information to the Group may also be leaked. Unauthorised personnel may
exploit such information to the Group’s detriment. The Group may therefore necessitate substantial expenditures
on corrective or preventive measures. Such vulnerabilities could also damage the Group’s reputation, leading to
reduced customers usage of services, and thereby adversely affect the Group’s revenues and future business
prospects. In the area of privacy protection, expectations from government and industry groups evolved,
particularly with respect to data usage practices and compliance with international frameworks such as the
General Data Protection Regulation (“GDPR”). Penalties for GDPR breaches are significantly more severe than
the previous regime and any non-compliance could result in substantial fines.

If the Group’s systems are compromised by hackers, the billing system may fail to accurately record or detect
service usage, directly resulting in revenue loss. Unauthorized intrusions could also lead to artificially inflated
call volumes, placing excessive strain on the transmission network’s bandwidth and capacity. This, in turn, could
significantly degrade the quality of service delivered to our customers.

The Group will continue to adopt the following mitigation measures in response to the relevant risks:

•    Strengthen its multi-layered cyber defense architecture through comprehensive deployment of intrusion
     detection and prevention systems, endpoint detection and response solutions, user and entity behaviour
     analytics, and 24 x 7 monitoring via a dedicated Security Operations Centre (SOC), thereby significantly
     reducing detection and response times to security incidents.

•    Implement data classification for both customers and internal sensitive information, enforce strict least-
     privilege access controls, perform periodic access rights reviews, and increase the frequency of data
     encryption, data desensitisation processes, and backup restoration drills.

•    Strengthen and maintain a comprehensive cross-jurisdictional compliance framework (encompassing GDPR
     and other equivalent data protection regulations), formalise procedures for data breach notification and
     incident remediation, and conduct regular training and drills for employees on information security and data
     privacy obligations.
48   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     RISK MANAGEMENT


     OTHER EXTERNAL RISKS AND UNCERTAINTIES
     1.   Impact of laws and regulations

          The Group operates in multiple countries and regions and is exposed to various local business risks, such
          risks could materially affect its financial condition, operations and business prospects. Global investments
          may be influenced by changes in political, social, legal, tax, regulatory and environmental regulations from
          time to time at local, national, or international levels. Any adjustments to government policies in these
          areas could impact the Group’s competitiveness, and could result in an additional or unforeseen operating
          and capital expenditures. Such changes may pose risks to the overall return on investments of the Group,
          and disrupt normal business operations, and hence adversely affect revenues and profits.

          The Group continuously monitors changes in laws and regulations, embeds regulatory requirements into
          product design and contractual arrangements, requires new business initiatives in key countries and regions
          to undergo prior compliance reviews and legal risk assessments before proceeding.

     2.   Impact of new accounting standards

          The Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) issues new and revised HKFRS
          Accounting Standards from time to time. As the accounting standards continue to evolve, HKICPA might
          further issue new and revised HKFRS Accounting Standards in the future. The new accounting policies, if
          required to be adopted by the Group, could have a significant impact on its financial condition and results
          of operations.

          The Group proactively engages in ongoing research on accounting policies and carries out simulation
          exercises, to assess and quantify in advance the potential implications of new standards on its financial
          condition.

     3.   Adopting to policy environment

          The escalating trends of protectionism and unilateralism continue to disrupt global stability and increase
          sources of uncertainties and risks. The Group is potentially exposed to jurisdictional restrictions, sanctions
          or other legal or regulatory interventions. The tightening regulatory landscape, including more stringent
          policies on market entry, licensing, may create risks and challenges to the Group’s business development
          and revenue growth.

          The Group engages in continuous communication with relevant regulatory bodies and industry associations,
          allowing for timely refinements to its business strategies and compliance frameworks, to alleviate the
          effects of such risks.
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025          49




                                                                                  RISK MANAGEMENT


4.   Natural disasters or events and terrorism

     The Group’s data centres and infrastructures are essential to the delivery of reliable service. The integrity
     of these facilities is critical to the receipt, processing, and transmission of data. In the event of damage or
     failure, the Group may not have sufficient redundant systems or facilities to maintain continuous operations.
     Disruptions such as power outages, natural disasters (including fires, earthquakes, and floods), network
     software defects, telecommunications failures (such as transmission cable disruptions) could result in
     equipment damage and impair its customers’ connectivity.

     Such incidents would expose the Group to significant costs for repair or replacements. In addition, any
     operational interruptions could adversely harm the Group’s reputation, leading to reduced customer reliance
     on its services, further impacting the Group’s revenues and long-term business prospects. Accordingly,
     safeguarding the security and stability of data centres and infrastructure is fundamental to preserving
     customer confidence and supporting the Group’s sustainable growth.

     The Group has established cross-regional disaster recovery centres and multi-site deployment strategies.
     Critical systems are configured in geo-redundant active-active or active-standby modes to enable rapid
     failover in the event of a data centre outage. Business continuity plans and disaster recovery plans (BCP/
     DRP) have been developed specifically for scenarios such as fires, floods, typhoons, and extended power
     outages, with comprehensive full-process drills conducted at least annually.

The entire Group is committed to constantly improving its risk monitoring and management mechanism in
order to promote risk identification and assessment at all levels; strengthen risk assessment and monitoring of
major projects and key businesses; and manage counterparty credit risks. The Group stays fully informed of the
operations, financial condition and major business progresses of its subsidiaries through off-site monitoring, on-
site inspections and other means to assess the risks that may arise. Through risk reports on weaknesses and
potential risks, the Group supervises and implements risk management and control measures to improve its
comprehensive risk management practices and initiatives across the Group.
50   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     FIVE YEAR SUMMARY

                                                                                               As at 31 December
                                                                  2021               2022                 2023          2024            2025
                                                             HK$ million        HK$ million         HK$ million    HK$ million    HK$ million
         Assets and liabilities
         Investment properties                                        667                676               726             668            609
         Property, plant and equipment                              2,625              2,323             1,989           1,931          1,794
         Right-of-use assets                                          654                599               454             461            467
         Intangible assets                                          1,064                932               824             732            683
         Goodwill                                                   9,721              9,710             9,717           9,696          9,738
         Interest in a joint venture                                    11                10                11              11             12
         Contract costs                                                 25                28                24              21             20
         Defined benefit plan assets                                     –                 –                 –               –             13
         Deferred tax assets                                            72                74                63              69             78
         Other non-current assets                                     131                185               177             149            139
         Net current assets/(liabilities)                             755                844               831          (2,147)            31
         Defined benefit plan obligations                              (12)              (61)              (48)            (33)            (9)
         Deferred tax liabilities                                    (211)              (172)             (146)           (133)          (124)
         Other non-current liabilities                             (5,326)            (4,677)           (3,758)           (598)        (2,310)
         NET ASSETS                                               10,176              10,471           10,864          10,827          11,141
         Capital and reserves
         Share capital                                             4,704              4,720             4,756           4,758           4,758
         Reserves                                                  5,391              5,653             6,000           5,959           6,265
         Total equity attributable to equity
           shareholders of the Company                            10,095              10,373           10,756          10,717          11,023
         Non-controlling interests                                    81                  98              108             110             118
         TOTAL EQUITY                                             10,176              10,471           10,864          10,827          11,141
         Net debt
         Total debt1                                                5,446              4,520             3,934           3,907          3,257
         Less: Cash and deposits                                   (1,793)            (1,986)           (1,726)         (1,611)        (1,945)
         Net debt                                                  3,653              2,534             2,208           2,296           1,312

                                                                                   For the year ended 31 December
                                                                  2021               2022            2023          2024                 2025
                                                             HK$ million        HK$ million    HK$ million    HK$ million         HK$ million
         Results
         Revenue                                                   9,486              10,111            9,987           9,573           9,567
         Profit before taxation                                    1,355              1,496             1,505           1,082           1,128
         Income tax                                                 (248)              (272)             (253)           (154)           (193)
         Profit for the year                                       1,107              1,224             1,252             928            935
         Attributable to:
           Equity shareholders of the Company                      1,076               1,191            1,231             910            920
           Non-controlling interests                                  31                  33               21              18             15
         Profit for the year                                       1,107              1,224             1,252             928            935
         Basic earnings per share (HK cents)                         29.3               32.3             33.3            24.6            24.9
         Diluted earnings per share (HK cents)                       29.2               32.3             33.3            24.6            24.9
         Dividends per share
           Interim dividend (HK cents)                                5.5                6.0               6.0             6.0            6.0
           Final dividend (HK cents)                                 17.0               18.5              19.3            12.8           13.0
         Total dividends per share (HK cents)                        22.5               24.5             25.3            18.8            19.0

     1
             Total debt includes current and non-current bank and other borrowings.
                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025    51




                                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE

KEY CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PERFORMANCE OVERVIEW




                    BOARD                                          EFFECTIVENESS
  •   The Board
                                                          •   Board Performance
      Effective Board control for the best interest
                                                              Active participation in Board matters and
      of the shareholders of the Company
                                                              invaluable contribution to key issues of
  •   Composition                                             the Company
      Sufficient independent Board members to             •   Remuneration Policy
      exercise independent objective judgements               Competitive reward system to reward the
  •   Chairman & Chief                                        directors and key management
      Executive Officer (“CEO”)
      Clear segregation between the responsibilities
      of Chairman and CEO




           SHAREHOLDERS                                           ACCOUNTABILITY
  •   Communications                                      •   Internal Control
      Maintain regular, effective and fair                    Independent internal control function
      communication with shareholders                     •   Risk Management
  •   General Meetings                                        Maintain sound risk management system to
      Attended by committees’ chairman                        safeguard shareholders’ interests and the
      and/or members                                          Group’s assets
52   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE PRACTICES
     The Company is committed to maintaining high standards of corporate governance. The board of directors of the
     Company (the “Board”) believes that good corporate governance practices are important to promote investor
     confidence and protect the interest of our shareholders. At CITIC Telecom, we attach importance to our people,
     our code of conduct, and our corporate policies and standards, which together form the basis of our corporate
     governance practices. We respect and are committed to comply with the laws, rules and regulations of each
     country and region in which we operate, and we strive to ensure for our people a healthy and safe working
     environment which is our paramount concern. We endeavour to contribute to the sustainable development of the
     Company, with particular focus on our accountability to shareholders and stakeholders.

     This report describes how the Company has applied its corporate governance practices to its everyday activities.
     Save as disclosed below, throughout the year ended 31 December 2025, the Company has fully complied
     with the applicable code provisions in the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) set out in Part 2 of
     Appendix C1 of the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of
     Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”). In respect of the code provision C.1.5 of the CG Code, Mr. Yang Feng,
     Non-executive Director of the Company, was unable to attend the extraordinary general meeting of the Company
     held on 17 December 2025 due to other business commitments. Also, as disclosed in the 2025 Interim Report
     of the Company, during the period from 31 March 2023 (the date of which Mr. Cai Dawei resigned as Executive
     Director and CEO) to 25 July 2025 (the date of which Mr. Wu Jun was appointed as Executive Director and
     CEO), the management team, including the Executive Directors, of the Company had overseen the day-to-day
     management of the business and operations of the Company and its subsidiaries.

     Looking ahead, we will keep our governance practices under continual review to ensure their consistent
     application and will continue to improve our practices having regard to the latest developments.
                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025        53




                                                                   CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE FOR THE YEAR ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025


         Shareholders

                                                                              External Audit Assurance


       Board of Directors



                                               Executive Directors:
                                                     Chairman
                                              Chief Executive Officer
                                              Chief Financial Officer


                                              Non-executive Directors
                                        Independent Non-executive Directors


        Board Committees


                                            Remuneration Committee


                                              Nomination Committee


                                                 Audit Committee


                                               Finance Committee



                 Secretary to board &           Company Secretary
                  board committees




                                                       People
                                             Corporate values, culture &
   Management & its committees                                                Internal Audit Assurance
                                                  code of conduct
                                           Management systems & policies
54   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


     BOARD OF DIRECTORS
     Overall accountability

     Members of the Board are individually and collectively accountable to the shareholders for the success and
     sustainable development of the Company. The Board provides direction and approval in relation to matters
     concerning the Company’s business strategies, policies and plans whilst the day-to-day business operations are
     delegated to the management. The Board is accountable to the shareholders and in discharging its corporate
     accountability, every director of the Company (“Director”) is required to pursue excellence in the interests of
     the Company’s shareholders and fulfill his/her fiduciary duties by applying the required level of skill, care and
     diligence to a standard in accordance with the statutory requirements.

     During the year, the Board has performed an internal self-evaluation of its performance and reviewed the
     contribution required from a Director to perform his/her responsibilities. The Board is of the view that all Directors
     have given sufficient time and attention to the Group’s affairs and the Board operates effectively as a whole.

     Roles of the Board

     •       Determines the overall strategies of the Company
     •       Monitors the performance of delegated Board Committees
     •       Sets strategic vision and long-term goals
     •       Reviews the management performance
     •       Oversees risks and internal controls of the Group

     Board composition

     The Board currently comprises two Executive Directors and six Non-executive Directors of whom three are
     independent as defined in the Listing Rules. Brief biographical particulars of the current Directors are set out on
     pages 75 to 77 of this Annual Report.

                                                       Composition of the Board and Board Committees
                                                          as at the date of publication of this report
                                                                                                                Director’s
                                             Audit       Nomination     Remuneration           Finance          length of
                                         Committee        Committee       Committee          Committee             tenure

         Executive Directors
         Mr. Luo Xicheng
           – Chairman                              –        Chairman           Member           Member           2.4 years
         Mr. Wu Jun
           – CEO                                   –                –                –          Member          8 months

         Non-executive Directors
         Mr. Zhao Lei                            –                –                  –                 –         1.3 years
         Ms. Wang Hua                       Member           Member                  –                 –         1.8 years
         Mr. Yang Feng                           –                –                  –                 –            1 year

         Independent Non-executive Directors
         Mr. Zuo Xunsheng                    Member          Member           Chairman                 –        11.9 years
         Mr. Lam Yiu Kin                    Chairman         Member            Member                  –         8.8 years
         Mr. Wen Ku                          Member          Member            Member                  –         4.1 years
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025          55




                                                                       CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


Summarised below were the changes to composition of the Board and Board Committees during the year ended
31 December 2025 and up to the date of publication of this report:

1.   Mr. Liu Jifu retired as a Non-executive Director of the Company, and ceased to be a member of
     Remuneration Committee and Nomination Committee with effect from 24 March 2025.

2.   Mr. Yang Feng was appointed as a Non-executive Director of the Company with effect from 24 March 2025.

3.   Mr. Luo Xicheng was appointed as a member of the Remuneration Committee with effect from 24 March
     2025.

4.   Ms. Wang Hua was appointed as a member of the Nomination Committee with effect from 24 March 2025.

5.   Mr. Wu Jun was appointed as an Executive Director, CEO of the Company and member of the Finance
     Committee with effect from 25 July 2025.

6.   Mr. Luan Zhenjun resigned as an Executive Director, Chief Financial Officer of the Company and member of
     the Finance Committee with effect from 30 January 2026.

Term of office of the Directors

Pursuant to the CG Code, every Director, including those appointed for a specific term, should be subject to
retirement by rotation at least once every three years. This requirement is clearly stipulated in the Articles of
Association of the Company and the appointment letter which each Director entered into with the Company upon
his/her appointment.

In accordance with Article 104(A) of the Articles of Association of the Company, at each annual general meeting
(“AGM”), one-third of the Directors for the time being, or, if their number is not three or a multiple of three,
then the number nearest to one-third, shall retire from office. The Directors to retire in each year shall be those
who have served the longest period in office since their last election. In the event that multiple Directors were
appointed on the same day, the decision as to who shall retired will be determined by lot, unless the individuals
concerned mutually agree otherwise. In addition, any Director who has served at each of the preceding two AGM
of the Company, and who was not elected or re-elected at either of those meetings, nor ceased to be a Director
(either by resignation, retirement, removal or otherwise) and subsequently re-elected by a general meeting of
the Company at or since either of those meetings, is also required to retire by rotation at the current AGM. Such
retiring Directors shall remain eligible for re-election.

Furthermore, pursuant to Article 95 of the Articles of Association of the Company, the Board has the power from
time to time and at any time to appoint any person as a Director either to fill a casual vacancy or as an addition
to the Board. Any Director so appointed shall hold office only until the next following AGM, or if earlier, the next
following extraordinary general meeting, of the Company and shall then be eligible for re-election, but shall not
be taken into account in determining the Directors who are to retire by rotation at such meeting.

Thus, every Director, including the Non-executive Directors, shall be subject to retirement by rotation at least
once every three years. These Directors are eligible for re-election. Their re-election is subject to a vote of the
shareholders and separate resolutions are proposed for the election of each Director.

Accordingly, Messrs. Luo Xicheng, Wu Jun and Wen Ku shall retire from office as Directors at the forthcoming
AGM of the Company (the “2026 AGM”), and being eligible, offer themselves for re-election at the 2026 AGM.
56   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


     Independence

     The Company emphasises on independence and objectivity of the Board and Board Committees. Currently,
     3 out of 8 members of the Board are Independent Non-executive Directors which constitute more than one-third
     of the Board. One Independent Non-executive Director possesses professional qualification required under
     Rule 3.10(2) of the Listing Rules. Independent Non-executive Directors have the required integrity and experience
     in bringing independent advice and judgement to the Board. Majority of members of Audit Committee,
     Nomination Committee and Remuneration Committee are comprised of Independent Non-executive Directors.

     Independence of Independent Non-executive Directors is assessed upon appointment and annually to ensure
     that they remain independent and are able to provide independent, balanced and impartial views to the Board.

     The Company has received from each Independent Non-executive Director a confirmation of his independence
     pursuant to the factors set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers all Independent Non-executive
     Directors remain independent.


                                               Composition as at 31 December 2025




           33%                                                                75%
                                                     34%                                                                 25%

                                                                                                 Audit
                             Board
                                                                                               Committee


                                                     33%




           60%                                                                75%
                                                     20%                                                                 25%


                          Nomination                                                         Remuneration
                          Committee                                                           Committee

                                                     20%




                          Executive Director         Non-executive Director         Independent Non-executive Director
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025          57




                                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


Commitment

The Company attaches importance to the level of Directors’ commitment to the Company and the Board. Each
Director has actively participated in the Board and Board Committees’ meetings with a high attendance rate.
Majority of the Directors hold no other directorship at other listed companies. It enables the Directors to devote
sufficient time to the Company and closely monitor the Company’s businesses.



          Attendance Rate at Meetings Held in 2025                 Directors’ Directorships at Other Listed
                                                                    Companies as at 31 December 2025

                             100%         100%         100%
         100%
                  91%

          80%                                                                                            33%


          60%
                                                                                                              0
          40%
                                                                                                              1 to 5

          20%                                                    67%


           0%
                 Board   Remuneration     Audit     Nomination
                          Committee     Committee   Committee




Board and Board Committee meetings and attendance

The Board meets regularly to review the financial and operating performance of the Group and to discuss future
strategy. Four Board meetings were held in 2025. The Chairman also met with Independent Non-executive
Directors without presence of other Directors. At the Board meetings, the Board reviewed significant matters
including, inter alia, the Group’s annual and interim financial statements, proposals for final and interim dividends,
annual report and interim report, annual budget, changes to composition of the Board, change of auditor of the
Company, the risk management report, the Company’s environment, social and governance (“ESG”) matters and
the revision of the Company’s Shareholders Communication Policy.

Dates of Board and Board Committees meetings are fixed for each year in advance. At least 14 days’ notice is
given to all Directors for all regular Board meetings and all Directors are given the opportunity to include matters
for discussion in the agenda. Agenda and Board papers for each meeting are sent to all Directors more than
3 days in advance of every regular Board meeting. Minutes of the Board meetings are kept by the company
secretary of the Company and are available to all Directors for inspection.
58   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


     The following table summarises Directors’ attendance at Board and Board Committee meetings and general
     meetings held in 2025:

     ✔ Attended                   ✘ Absent               – Not Applicable

                                                                                   Meetings Held/Attended
                                                                                                                                         GENERAL
                                                              REMUNERATION                  AUDIT              NOMINATION               MEETINGS
                                                 BOARD           COMMITTEE             COMMITTEE                COMMITTEE                 (Note 6)
                                                (Total: 4)          (Total: 1)            (Total: 2)               (Total: 1)             (Total: 2)

          Executive Directors
          Mr. Luo Xicheng
            – Chairman                           ✔✔✔✔                         ✔                  ––                         ✔                   ✔✔
          Mr. Wu Jun (Note 1) – CEO              – – ✔✔                       –                  ––                         –                   ✔✔
          Mr. Luan Zhenjun (Note 2)
            – Chief Financial Officer            ✔✔✔✔                          –                ✔✔ (Note 3)                 –                   ✔✔

          Non-executive Directors
          Mr. Liu Jifu (Note 4)                  ✘* – – –                      –                ––                          –                    ––
          Mr. Zhao Lei                           ✔✔✔✔                          –                ––                          –                   ✔✔
          Ms. Wang Hua                           ✔✔✔✔                          –                ✔✔                          ✔                   ✔✔
          Mr. Yang Feng (Note 5)                 – ✔ ✘ #✘ #                    –                ––                          –                   ✔✘#

          Independent Non-executive Directors
          Mr. Zuo Xunsheng                   ✔✔✔✔                             ✔                 ✔✔                          ✔                   ✔✔
          Mr. Lam Yiu Kin                    ✔✔✔✔                             ✔                 ✔✔                          ✔                   ✔✔
          Mr. Wen Ku                         ✔✔✔✔                             ✔                 ✔✔                          ✔                   ✔✔

     *         Mr. Sui Chen, Alternate Director to Mr. Liu Jifu, attended this meeting on behalf of Mr. Liu Jifu. According to paragraph B(d) of the CG
               Code, this meeting was not counted as attendance by Mr. Liu Jifu.

     #
               Mr. Liu Kaiyuan, Alternate Director to Mr. Yang Feng, attended these meetings on behalf of Mr. Yang Feng. According to paragraph B(d) of
               the CG Code, these meetings were not counted as attendance by Mr. Yang Feng.

     Notes:

     1.        Mr. Wu Jun was appointed as an Executive Director, CEO and a member of the Finance Committee of the Company with effect from 25
               July 2025.

     2.        Mr. Luan Zhenjun resigned as an Executive Director, Chief Financial Officer and member of the Finance Committee of the Company with
               effect from 30 January 2026.

     3.        Mr. Luan Zhenjun also attended the Audit Committee meetings as the Chief Financial Officer of the Company.

     4.        Mr. Liu Jifu retired as a Non-executive Director of the Company, and ceased to be a member of Remuneration Committee and Nomination
               Committee with effect from 24 March 2025.

     5.        Mr. Yang Feng was appointed as a Non-executive Director of the Company with effect from 24 March 2025.

     6.        The Company’s external auditor also attended the 2025 AGM.
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025         59




                                                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


Board diversity and balance

The Company believes that diversity in all aspects, including experience and expertise, provides the Company
with a high level of corporate governance and penetrating insights into the Company’s businesses and industry.
The Company continues to promote and support diversity and balance of the Board to strengthen performance,
promote effective decision-making and better corporate governance and monitoring.

Board diversity policy of the Company sets out the approach to achieve a diverse Board which will include and
make good use of the differences in skills, experience and background, geographical and industry experience,
ethnicity, gender, knowledge and length of service and other qualities of the members of the Board. These
differences will be considered in determining the optimum composition of the Board. All Board appointments will
be based on merit and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard to the overall
effective functioning of the Board as a whole and for the benefits of diversity on the Board. The Nomination
Committee discusses and agrees annually the relevant measurable objectives for achieving diversity on the Board
and make recommendations to the Board for adoption. The Nomination Committee will pursue opportunities to
increase the proportion of female members when selecting and making recommendations on suitable candidates
for Board appointments. The goal is to maintain at least the current level of female representation or improve
gender diversity as appropriate. The Nomination Committee annually reviews implementation of the Company’s
Board diversity policy to ensure its continued effectiveness.

The following chart shows the diversity profile of the Board:


                                                  Board Diversity Statistics
                                                  as at 31 December 2025

        100%
                                                                                         Female
                                             9 or above                 above 65
         80%         Executive

                                                 4-8
         60%
                                                                         56 - 65
                   Non-Executive
         40%
                                                                                          Male

                                                 0-3
         20%        Independent
                   Non-Executive                                        below 55

          0%
                     Designation             Experience on             Age Group          Gender
                                      CITIC Telecom Board (Years)



Directors are of diverse academic background in the areas of telecommunications, engineering, science,
accounting, economics, investment, business administration and management, and technology research and
development management. The Company believes that the Board has a balance of skills, experience and
diversity of perspectives appropriate to the requirements of the Group’s business. With the services of all Board
members, the Board has a prudential oversight on the Company’s businesses and developments.

As at 31 December 2025, one out of nine Directors is female representing 11.1%. Following the appointment of
Ms. Wang Hua as a member of Nomination Committee with effect from 24 March 2025, the Company meets the
requirement of at least one director of a different gender on the Nomination Committee under code provision
B.3.5 of the CG Code. The Company will take steps to promote gender diversity at all levels of the Company,
including but not limited to the Board and senior management levels.
60   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


     Board responsibilities and delegation

     The Board collectively determines the overall strategies of the Company, monitors performance and the related
     risks and internal controls in pursuit of the strategic objectives of the Group. Day-to-day management of the
     Group is delegated to the Executive Directors and/or the officer in charge of each division and function who
     reports to the Board. Functions reserved to the Board and those delegated to management are reviewed
     periodically. All Board members have separate and independent access to the senior management, and are
     provided with full and timely information about the conduct of the business and development of the Group,
     including reports and recommendations on significant matters. All Board members are provided with monthly
     management updates of the business operations of the Group. Should separate independent professional
     advice be considered necessary by the Directors, independent professional services would be made available
     to the Directors upon request. The Company will review the implementation and effectiveness of the above
     mechanisms on an annual basis to ensure independent views and input are available to the Board.

     The Board has delegated some of its functions to the Board Committees. Details of the responsibilities and work
     done during the year of each Board Committee are set out on pages 63 to 66 of this Annual Report. Matters
     specifically reserved for the Board include approval of financial statements, dividend policy, significant changes
     in accounting policies, material contracts, changes to appointments such as directors, company secretary and
     external auditor, terms of reference of Board Committees, as well as major corporate policies.

     To implement the strategies and plans approved by the Board, Executive Directors and senior management
     meet on a regular basis to review the performance of the Group and make financial and operational decisions.
     A Risk Management Committee, comprising the Executive Directors and senior management, meets regularly
     to discuss the risk management of the Group. A Capex Review Board is also set up in which the CEO and the
     Chief Financial Officer of the Company review the capital investments proposed by the management to ensure
     that the proposed investments are in the best interests of the Group both commercially and strategically. In
     addition, in order to strengthen the coordination and leadership of the ESG-related issues, the ESG working
     group comprising the Chairman of the Company as chairman, the CEO as vice chairman and other management
     members as group members was established in May 2022.

     The Company has arranged directors and officers liability and company reimbursement insurances for its
     Directors and officers.

     Chairman and CEO

     Mr. Luo Xicheng served as the Chairman of the Company during the year. Mr. Wu Jun was appointed as the CEO
     of the Company with effect from 25 July 2025. During the period from 31 March 2023 (the date of which Mr. Cai
     Dawei resigned as Executive Director and CEO) to 25 July 2025 (the date of which Mr. Wu Jun was appointed
     as Executive Director and CEO), the management team, including the Executive Directors, of the Company, had
     overseen the day-to-day management of the business and operations of the Company and its subsidiaries.

     The Chairman and CEO have segregated defined responsibilities whereby the Chairman is primarily responsible
     for leadership and effective functioning of the Board, ensuring all key and appropriate issues are addressed
     by the Board in a timely manner, as well as providing strategic direction of the Group, and also take primary
     responsibility for ensuring good corporate governance practices and procedures are established. The CEO is
     responsible for the day-to-day management of the Group and the effective implementation of corporate strategy
     and policies. Their respective roles and responsibilities are set out in writing, which have been approved and
     adopted by the Board.
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025         61




                                                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


Induction for newly appointed Directors

Each newly appointed Director (including Alternate Director) is provided with necessary induction and information
to ensure that he/she has a proper understanding of the Group’s operations and businesses as well as his/her
responsibilities as a Director under the Listing Rules and other relevant statutes, laws, rules and regulations.

An induction session, conducted by a firm of solicitors qualified to advise of Hong Kong law, was arranged for
each newly appointed Director (including Alternate Director). During the year ended 31 December 2025, the
following newly appointed Directors/Alternate Director attended the induction session, during which he had
obtained the legal advice referred to in Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules:

                                                                                 Date of               Date of
 Name of Directors                                                          appointment      induction session

 Mr. Yang Feng – Non-executive Director                                    24 March 2025         5 March 2025
 Mr. Liu Kaiyuan – Alternate Director to Mr. Yang Feng                     24 March 2025         5 March 2025
 Mr. Wu Jun – Executive Director                                             25 July 2025         15 July 2025

After the induction session, each of Mr. Yang Feng, Mr. Liu Kaiyuan and Mr. Wu Jun has confirmed in writing that
he understood his obligations as a Director.

Continuing professional development programme

Directors’ training is an ongoing process. During the year, the Company has organised for the Directors training
sessions conducted by Johnson Stokes & Master, legal advisor of the Company, and KPMG, external auditor of
the Company. Directors also received from the Company (i) reading materials published by Hong Kong Exchanges
and Clearing Limited, KPMG, PricewaterhouseCoopers (“PwC”), Deloitte, The Hong Kong Chartered Governance
Institute and The Hong Kong Institute of Directors covering each of the topics specified under Rule 3.09G of the
Listing Rules to enhance Directors’ awareness of compliance, good corporate governance practices and business
updates; and (ii) monthly updates prepared by the Company on the Group’s performance, position and prospects
to enable the Board as a whole and each Director to discharge their duties. In addition, all Directors are
encouraged to participate in continuous professional development programmes run by external service providers
to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.

According to Rule 3.09H of the Listing Rules, Mr. Wu Jun, Executive Director, CEO of the Company and member
of Finance Committee appointed with effect from 25 July 2025, should complete no less than 24 hours of
continuous professional development required by Rule 3.09F of the Listing Rules within 18 months of his
appointment. As at 31 December 2025, Mr. Wu has completed 22.5 hours of the required training.

The Company also attaches great importance to the continuous professional development of its senior
management. During the year, the senior management of the Company also attended various meetings,
conferences and forums to enhance their industry knowledge and professional skills.

The Board has reviewed the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior
management during the year and is of the opinion that the Company has arranged and provided suitable and
sufficient trainings.
62   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


     According to the records of the Directors’ participation in the continuous professional development programme
     kept by the Company, a summary of trainings received by the Directors for the year ended 31 December 2025 is
     as follows:

                                                                                                                        Format of continuous
                                                                                                                    professional development
      Directors                                                                                                                         taken

      Executive Directors
      Mr. Luo Xicheng                                                                                                                 A, B, C
      Mr. Wu Jun (appointed with effect from 25 July 2025)                                                                            A, B, C
      Mr. Luan Zhenjun (resigned with effect from 30 January 2026)                                                                    A, B, C

      Non-executive Directors
      Mr. Zhao Lei                                                                                                                    A, B, C
      Ms. Wang Hua                                                                                                                       B, C
      Mr. Yang Feng (appointed with effect from 24 March 2025)                                                                        A, B, C
      Mr. Liu Kaiyuan (Alternate Director to Mr. Yang Feng)                                                                           A, B, C
       (appointed with effect from 24 March 2025)
      Mr. Liu Jifu (retired with effect from 24 March 2025)                                                                                C
      Mr. Sui Chen (Alternate Director to Mr. Liu Jifu)                                                                                    C
        (resigned with effect from 24 March 2025)

      Independent Non-executive Directors
      Mr. Zuo Xunsheng                                                                                                                A, B, C
      Mr. Lam Yiu Kin                                                                                                                 A, B, C
      Mr. Wen Ku                                                                                                                      A, B, C

     Notes:

     A:       attending expert briefings, seminars, webinars and/or accessing to the web-based learning resources

     B:       reading materials and updates covering each of the topics specified under Rule 3.09G of the Listing Rules

     C:       reading monthly updates on the Group’s performance, position and prospects
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025         63




                                                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


BOARD COMMITTEES
The Board has appointed a number of Board Committees to discharge certain Board functions. Sufficient
resources are provided to enable the Board Committees to undertake their specific roles. The respective role,
responsibilities and activities of each Board Committee are set out below:

Audit Committee

The Audit Committee reviews financial information of the Group, monitors the effectiveness of the external audit
and oversees the appointment, remuneration and terms of engagement of the Company’s external auditor, as
well as their independence. The Audit Committee is also responsible for reviewing the financial reporting process
and the systems of risk management and internal controls, including the internal audit function as well as
arrangements for concerns raised by the staff on financial reporting and other matters. The Board also delegated
certain corporate governance functions to the Audit Committee, including, inter alia, the review and monitoring of
the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirement, the code of conduct
of the Company and the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and its compliance with the
CG Code and disclosures in the Corporate Governance Report, etc. In addition, the Board has also delegated ESG
management duties to the Audit Committee, which include reviewing and developing the Company’s policies and
practices on ESG, overseeing the evaluation and management of ESG-related issues, reviewing and monitoring
the progress made against ESG-related goals and targets and the Company’s compliance with the Listing Rules
on disclosure of ESG-related issues in the Sustainability Report.

The Audit Committee meets at least twice a year. The Chief Financial Officer/the management and the external
and internal auditors attend the meetings, take part in the discussions and answer questions from the committee
members. By invitation of the Audit Committee, other Directors and senior executives may also attend the
meetings. Sufficient resources are made available to the committee when independent legal or professional
advice is required.

The terms of reference of the Audit Committee setting out the committee’s authority and its role and
responsibility are available on the Company’s website (www.citictel.com) and the Stock Exchange’s website.

The Audit Committee held two meetings in 2025. Agenda and accompanying committee papers were sent to the
committee members more than 3 days prior to each meeting. The company secretary of the Company serves
as the secretary of the committee and prepared full minutes with details of discussions and decisions reached.
The draft and final versions of minutes were sent to all committee members within a reasonable time after each
meeting.
64   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


     In 2025, the Audit Committee discussed with the management and the external auditor on the key audit matters
     summarised below and procedures performed by the external auditor.

     Please refer to pages 180 to 182 of this Annual Report for details of procedures performed by the external
     auditor.

      Key Audit Matters                                      How did the Audit Committee address the matters

      Impairment assessments of goodwill                     The Audit Committee considered the methodology,
                                                             estimates and assumptions used in assessing the
                                                             impairment of goodwill.

                                                             The Audit Committee was satisfied that the methodology,
                                                             estimates and assumptions adopted were considered
                                                             appropriate.
      Revenue recognition from telecommunications            The Audit Committee considered the implemented policies
      services: telecommunications billing systems           and internal controls in connection with the Group’s
                                                             revenue cycles and was satisfied that adequate internal
                                                             controls are in place to ensure the accuracy, existence and
                                                             completeness of the Group’s revenue recognition.

                                                             The Audit Committee was satisfied that the key internal
                                                             controls were operating effectively throughout 2025.

     During 2025, the Audit Committee has considered, inter alia, the external auditor’s proposed audit fees;
     discussed with the external auditors their independence and the nature and scope of the audit; reviewed the
     interim and annual financial statements of the Group, particularly judgmental areas, before submission to the
     Board; reviewed the risk management and internal control system and the internal audit plan, findings and
     management’s response; reviewed the service fees for “non-assurance services”; recommended change of
     auditor to the Board; reviewed the Group’s adherence to the code provisions in the CG Code and reviewed the
     risk management report before submitting to the Board for approval. The Audit Committee reviewed the Group’s
     Sustainability Report to ensure compliance with regulatory requirements.

     The Audit Committee recommended the Board to adopt the interim and annual financial statements for 2025.
     The Audit Committee has also performed the corporate governance duties and the ESG management duties as
     set out in its terms of reference.

     Nomination Committee
     The Nomination Committee is authorised by the Board to determine the policy for the nomination of Directors,
     to set out the nomination procedures and the process and criteria adopted to select and recommend candidates
     for directorship. The Nomination Committee is also responsible for reviewing the structure, size, composition
     and diversity of the Board. In addition, the Nomination Committee assists the Board in maintaining a board skills
     matrix, reviews and accesses the time commitment and contribution to the Board by each Director as well as the
     Director’s ability to discharge his/her responsibilities effectively and supports the Company’s regular evaluation of
     the Board’s performance.

     The terms of reference setting out the Nomination Committee’s authority and its role and responsibilities are
     available on the Company’s website (www.citictel.com) and the Stock Exchange’s website.

     The Nomination Committee held one meeting in 2025. Agenda and accompanying committee papers were sent
     to the committee members more than 3 days prior to each meeting. The company secretary of the Company
     serves as the secretary of the committee and prepared full minutes with details of discussions and decisions
     reached. The draft and final versions of minutes were sent to all committee members within a reasonable time
     after each meeting.
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025         65




                                                                        CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


The Director Nomination Policy sets out the criteria adopted by the Nomination Committee to select and
recommend candidates for directorship (including the recommendation of re-election of retiring Directors),
including but not limited to:

(i)     qualifications, skills, expertise, independence which contribute to the effective carrying out of the Board
        responsibilities;

(ii)    commitment in respect of sufficient time and relevant interest devoted to the business and affairs of the
        Company; and

(iii)   board diversity including but not limited to skills, experience and background, geographical and industry
        experience, ethnicity, gender, knowledge and length of service.

Upon identification of suitable candidate, the Nomination Committee reviews the candidate’s biographical
details covering the above factors and other applicable requirements as set out in the Listing Rules. In the
case of nomination of an Independent Non-executive Director, all information relating to the independence
factors as set out in the Listing Rules are also taken into account. After the assessment and evaluation, if the
Nomination Committee considers the potential candidate is suitable to be nominated as a Director, it will make
recommendation for the Board’s consideration and approval. The Board shall approve the nomination and appoint
the proposed qualified candidate as Director if it agrees with the Nomination Committee’s recommendation. In
case of nominating or recommending for re-election of retiring Directors, the above selection criteria shall be
taken into account.

In 2025, the Nomination Committee has reviewed and made recommendations to the Board on the appointment
of new Directors and changes to composition of Board Committees and has assessed the independence
of Independent Non-executive Directors and made recommendations to the Board on the re-election of the
Directors retiring at the 2025 AGM. The recommendations were made after considering the composition of the
Board, the Director Nomination Policy and the board diversity policy of the Company, with due regard to the
overall effective function of the Board as a whole. Relevant members of the Nomination Committee abstained
from voting when his own nomination was being considered. The Nomination Committee also reviewed the
structure, size and diversity of the Board and discussed the measurable objectives, including knowledge,
appropriate professional qualifications, relevant business background and experience, skills, related management
expertise and agreed that these measurable objectives were achieved for the diversity on the Board which
contributed to the corporate strategy and the business development of the Company.

Remuneration Committee

The principal role of the Remuneration Committee is to determine and review the remuneration packages of
individual Executive Directors and senior management, including salaries, bonuses and share options, if any,
etc. The Remuneration Committee reviews and approves the management’s remuneration proposals with
reference to the Board’s corporate goals and objectives and considers salaries paid by comparable companies,
time commitment, responsibilities and performance and employment conditions elsewhere in the Group, so as
to align management incentives with shareholders’ interests. In addition, the Remuneration Committee reviews
and/or approves matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules.

The terms of reference setting out the Remuneration Committee’s authority and its role and responsibilities are
available on the Company’s website (www.citictel.com) and the Stock Exchange’s website.

The Remuneration Committee held one meeting during the year. The agenda and accompanying committee
papers were sent to the committee members more than 3 days prior to each meeting. The company secretary
of the Company serves as the secretary of the committee and prepared full minutes with details of discussions
and decisions reached. The draft and final versions of minutes were sent to all committee members within a
reasonable time after each meeting.
66   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


     In 2025, the Remuneration Committee has reviewed and approved the remuneration of the newly appointed
     Executive Director and CEO. The Remuneration Committee has also reviewed the remuneration policies and the
     remuneration proposals and approved, inter alia, the salaries and bonuses of the Chairman, CEO, Chief Financial
     Officer, senior management and the general staff. The Remuneration Committee has communicated with the
     Chairman of the Company about the remuneration proposals relating to other Executive Directors. No Director
     took part in any discussion about his own remuneration.

     Directors’ emoluments and post-employment benefits are disclosed on pages 219 to 221 and pages 248 to 253
     of this Annual Report.

     The remuneration paid to the Directors, by name, for the year ended 31 December 2025 is set out in note 7
     to the financial statements. The remuneration paid to the senior management, by band, for the year ended
     31 December 2025 is set out below:

                           Remuneration of senior management other than Directors paid/
                                payable during the year ended 31 December 2025
      Total Remuneration Bands – Year 2025                                                   Number of Executives

      HK$0 – HK$3,000,000                                                                                          2
      HK$3,000,001 – HK$6,000,000                                                                                  1
      HK$12,000,001 – HK$15,000,000                                                                                1

     Remuneration Policy

     The Group is committed to providing a fair and competitive employee remuneration package that will attract,
     motivate, retain and reward employees at all levels. The Remuneration Policy has been established and
     implemented to support the Group’s strategic development. The policy is set out in the Sustainability Report on
     pages 124 to 125 of this Annual Report. Remuneration Policy and recommendation will be annually reported to
     the Remuneration Committee for approval.

     Finance Committee

     The Finance Committee is delegated the powers of the Board to establish or renew financial and credit facilities
     and undertake financial and credit transactions such as loans, deposits, commercial papers, bills of exchange and
     foreign exchange, etc., within the limit authorised by the Board.

     In 2025, resolutions in writing were passed by the Finance Committee to approve, inter alia, the opening or
     closure of bank accounts and the financial transactions of the Company such as acceptance of banking facilities.

     ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT
     Financial reporting

     The Board recognises the importance of integrity of financial information and acknowledges its responsibility
     for preparing financial statements that give a true and fair view of the financial position of the Group and of
     its financial performance and cash flows in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards and the Hong Kong
     Companies Ordinance (Chapter 622 of the laws of Hong Kong) (the “Companies Ordinance”). In presenting
     the financial information, as well as price-sensitive announcements and other financial disclosures as required
     by regulations, the Board endeavours to present in a timely manner to shareholders and other stakeholders a
     balanced and understandable assessment of the Group’s performance, position and prospects. Accordingly,
     appropriate accounting policies are selected and applied consistently, and judgments and estimates made by the
     management for financial reporting purpose are prudent and reasonable. Prior to the adoption of the financial
     statements and the related accounting policies, the relevant financial information is discussed between the
     external auditor and the management, and then submitted to the Audit Committee for review.
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025         67




                                                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


The Board considers that the adoption of relevant amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards that became
effective during the year has not had a significant impact on the Group’s financial statements, details of which
are disclosed in notes 1(a) and 1(c) to the financial statements.

The responsibilities of the external auditor with respect to the financial statements for the year ended
31 December 2025 are set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 179 to 185 of this Annual Report.

External auditors and their remuneration

The external auditors provide an objective assessment of the financial information presented by the
management, and is considered one of the essential elements to ensure effective corporate governance. The
Board is of the view that, as a good corporate governance measure, the Company should consider rotation of its
auditor after an appropriate period of time. PwC, Certified Public Accountants, the Company’s external auditor
since 2019, retired at the close of the 2025 AGM. KPMG, Certified Public Accountants, was appointed as the
Company’s external auditor with effect from the close of the 2025 AGM. Their independence and audit process
are reviewed and monitored by the Audit Committee which considers the scope of the audit work, audit fees,
non-audit services as well as their appointment and retention.

During the year, the fees charged by KPMG for the audit of the Company and its subsidiaries amounted to
approximately HK$7,000,000. In addition, approximately HK$2,000,000 was charged for non-audit services. The
non-audit services mainly consist of taxation services, interim review and other professional services. The fees
charged by other auditors of the Group for audit services and non-audit services during the year amounted to
approximately HK$1,000,000 and less than HK$1,000,000 respectively.

Risk management and internal control

Risk management and internal control are essential parts of corporate governance. The Board has overall
responsibility for maintaining an adequate system of risk management and internal control and reviewing its
effectiveness, while management ensures sufficient and effective operational controls over the key business
processes are properly implemented with regular reviews and updates.

The risk management and internal control systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of
failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against
material misstatement or loss.

Risk management and internal control system features

The risk management and internal control system of the Group is established along the core concepts of
Enterprise Risk Management – Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of
the Treadway Commission (“COSO”), and the Basic Standard for Enterprise Internal Control jointly issued by
ministries and commissions (Ministry of Finance, China Securities Regulatory Commission, National Audit Office,
China Banking Regulatory Commission and China Insurance Regulatory Commission) in 2008 as well as the
relevant guidelines and government policies.

Group’s risk management facilitates business development and operation of the Group by setting the appropriate
risk appetite, maintaining an optimal risk level and most importantly, proactively managing risks. Business units
across the Group embrace the Enterprise Risk Management framework that underpins their day-to-day business
activities. The framework provides a simple and effective management process to identify and review risks
across all business units of the organisation, and prioritise resources to manage those risks that arise.
68   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


     Management process for significant risks

     The Group takes proactive measures to identify, evaluate and manage significant risks arising from its recurrent
     and growth businesses and from the constantly changing business environment. Various risk management
     strategies have been established by management to identify, assess and mitigate risks, including in the areas of
     strategy, market, finance, legal and operation risks.

     The Group established “Risk Management Policy” which provides guidance and procedures to business units
     and corporate departments of the Group for implementing risk management and internal control practices. All
     risks are ranked and their treatment is determined by a combination of likelihood and consequence, which takes
     account of risk appetite level. Each risk is evaluated by the likelihood of the identified risk and the consequences
     of the risk events taking into consideration the control measures in place. Business units establish their own
     arrangements for implementing a risk management process complied with the Risk Management Policy and
     capture identified risks in risk registers which are reviewed regularly.

     Overall business risks of the Group are reviewed and assessed regularly. Management is required to submit
     a written report on the risk review exercised during the corresponding interim or annual period to the Audit
     Committee half-yearly. Besides, report on the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management and internal control
     system covering the corresponding year will be submitted annually.

     Moreover, an early risk flagging mechanism is established which enables the Group to proactively identify and
     assess emerging risks and broad areas of changes, emanating from both internal and external factors, and act
     on them in a timely manner. Risk owners have to flag and report immediately to the corresponding risk oversight
     parties when a potential risk is perceived and significant impact is expected in any business areas.

     The Group’s significant risks can be found in the “Risk Management” section on pages 39 to 49 of this Annual
     Report.

     Monitoring the effectiveness of risk management and internal control system

     The Board has the overall responsibility for evaluating and determining the nature and extent of the risks
     that the Group is willing to take in achieving its strategic objectives, and ensuring that the Group establishes
     and maintains appropriate and effective risk management system. The Audit Committee supports the Board
     in monitoring the Group’s risk exposures, the design and operating effectiveness of the underlying risk
     management system.

     During the year, the Audit Committee assessed the effectiveness of the risk management and internal control
     system on behalf of the Board. The main internal control reviews were as follows:

     –    The management assessed and considered the adequacy of the resources, staff qualifications and
          experience, training programmes and budget of the accounting, internal audit, financial reporting functions,
          as well as those relating to the ESG performance and reporting.

     –    The management regularly assessed the risks and internal controls with reference to the five components
          of the COSO Enterprise Risk Management – Integrated Framework. The result of the review has been
          summarised and reported to the Audit Committee and the Board.

     –    The Audit Committee regularly reviewed the internal audit findings and opinions on the effectiveness of the
          Group’s risk management and internal control system and reports to the Board on such reviews.

     The Board and the management will establish sufficient and effective management and controls through the risk
     management and internal control framework of the Group, which will ensure compliance with the Listing Rules
     and other legal or regulatory requirements of the jurisdictions in which the Group operates, in order to improve
     the risk management and internal control system. The Company considered that the risk management and
     internal control framework of the Group are effective and adequate.
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025         69




                                                                      CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


Internal audit

The Group has continued to engage the Internal Audit Department of CITIC Pacific Limited to perform internal
audits for the Group. The Internal Audit Department of CITIC Pacific Limited performs independent internal
audit reviews for business units and functions in the Group on a systematic and ongoing basis. The frequency
of review of individual business units or functions is determined after an assessment of the risks involved. The
Audit Committee endorses the internal audit plan annually. The Internal Audit Department of CITIC Pacific Limited
has unrestricted access to all parts of the business and direct access to any level of management including the
Chairman of the Company and the Chairman of the Audit Committee as it considers necessary. It submits regular
reports for the Audit Committee’s review in accordance with the approved internal audit plan. Concerns which
have been reported by the Internal Audit Department of CITIC Pacific Limited are responded by management by
taking appropriate remedial actions.

BUSINESS ETHICS
Cultures and values

Our core value is “Wisdom and Integrity for Fostering Prosperity” (智德興業). The Group is committed to adhere
to high standards of corporate integrity. The Group has formulated and implemented a series of relevant policies
and mechanism to foster our core value and corporate culture. Our employees are clearly communicated and
well educated to strictly comply with all legal regulations and policies.

Code of conduct

To ensure the highest standard of integrity in our business, the Group adopted a code of conduct defining the
ethical standards expected of all employees as well as non-discriminatory employment practices. Briefings on
the code of conduct are held regularly for new employees during orientation sessions. The code of conduct can
be accessed through the Company’s intranet. The Audit Committee receives reports on the execution of the code
of conduct and its compliance at least once a year.

Anti-corruption policy

Employees are expected to conduct business legitimately and ethically and are prohibited from accepting,
offering, promising or payment of bribes from or to any individuals or companies.

The Company has established an anti-corruption policy which sets out the responsibilities of all business units
and employees of the Group to comply with the applicable anti-corruption laws, rules and regulations. While
the Group has set in place policies, procedures, codes and guidelines to ensure that the highest standards of
conduct and integrity are observed by employees, employees may still be aware of malpractice within the Group
during employment. It is the obligation of all employees to report it in accordance with the procedures set out in
the anti-corruption policy and the whistle-blowing policy.

Whistle-blowing policy

The Group considers the whistle-blowing channels as a useful means of identifying possible misconduct or fraud
risks of a particular operation or function by encouraging employees and those who deal with it (e.g. customers
and suppliers) to raise concerns in good faith. The Company has established a whistle-blowing policy setting out
principles and procedures for guiding the directors, employees and parties who deal with the Group in reporting
cases of fraud, corruption or misconduct in a fair and proper manner and will review the policy from time to time.
70   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


     According to the whistle-blowing policy, concerns can be raised in anonymity (e.g. email or by post) to the
     Head of Internal Audit Department; or in writing to the Chairman of the Company or the Chairman of the
     Audit Committee. All allegations received shall be registered and will be evaluated to determine the credibility,
     materiality and verifiability. To this end, the allegation will be evaluated to determine whether there is a legitimate
     basis to warrant an investigation. The Head of Internal Audit Department will handle the investigation and directly
     report to the Chairman of the Company. Those who have conflict of interest will not be included.

     Inside information/price-sensitive information

     With respect to the procedures and internal controls for the handling and dissemination of inside information/
     price-sensitive information, the Company is aware of its obligations under Part XIVA of the Securities and Futures
     Ordinance and the Listing Rules and has established the inside information/price-sensitive information disclosure
     policy with close regard to the “Guidelines on Disclosure of Inside Information” issued by the Securities and
     Futures Commission.

     Directors’ securities transactions

     The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model
     Code”) contained in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules. Having made specific enquiry of all Directors, all Directors
     confirmed that they have complied with the required standard set out in the Model Code throughout 2025.
     The interests held by individual Directors in the Company’s securities at 31 December 2025 are set out in the
     Directors’ Report on page 92 of this Annual Report.

     Good employment practices

     In Hong Kong, the Group has followed the guide to good employment practices issued by the Employers’
     Federation of Hong Kong to ensure legally compliant, non-discriminatory and professional employment practices
     are implemented.

     Gender diversity at workforce levels (including our senior management) is disclosed in the Sustainability Report
     on pages 159 to 160 of this Annual Report. The Group acknowledges the importance of gender diversity and will
     regularly review our gender diversity at workforce level in accordance with the relevant rules, market trend and
     business need.

     COMMUNICATION WITH SHAREHOLDERS
     The Company considers effective communication with shareholders essential to enable them to have a clear
     assessment of the Group’s performance as well as accountability of the Board. The Board has reviewed
     and updated the Shareholders Communication Policy in 2025 to emphasise our commitment to enhancing
     communication with shareholders (both individual and institutional) and investors and to require the policy to be
     reviewed annually to ensure its continued effectiveness.

     Full text of the Shareholders Communication Policy of the Company is available on the Company’s website. Major
     means of communication with shareholders of the Company are as follows:

     Contact details provided to shareholders

     Shareholders and the investors are provided with contact details of the Company such as mailing address, email
     address and telephone number to enable them to make any queries in respect of the Company. The Company
     supports the use of electronic and other means of communicating with shareholders and investors.
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025         71




                                                                     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


Information disclosure on corporate website

The Company endeavours to disclose all material information about the Group to all interested parties as widely
and timely as possible. The Company maintains a corporate website at www.citictel.com where important
information about the Group’s activities and corporate matters such as annual reports and interim reports to
shareholders, announcements, business development and operations, corporate governance practices and other
information is available for review by shareholders and other stakeholders.

Information released by the Company through the Stock Exchange is also posted on the Company’s website
(www.citictel.com) immediately thereafter.

During 2025, the Company has issued announcements in respect of, inter alia, continuing connected
transactions, discloseable transactions, change of auditor, changes to the Board and Board Committees and
inside information, which can be viewed on the Company’s website (www.citictel.com).

General meetings with shareholders

The Company’s AGM provides a useful platform for direct communication between the Board and shareholders.
Separate resolutions are proposed on each substantially separate issue at the general meetings.

Communication with investors

The Company’s policy is to proactively meet with investors and analysts and participate in investor road shows
and sector conferences. Upon the release of financial results, the Company holds investor and analyst briefings
and webcasts the meetings along with accompanying presentations on the Company’s website in a timely
manner.

Having considered the multiple channels of communication and measures in place for shareholders to
communicate their views, the Board was satisfied that the Shareholders Communication Policy was appropriate
and effective, and had been implemented effectively and properly during the year under review.

Dividend policy

Subject to the availability of the Company’s cash and distributable reser ves, the Group’s investment
requirements, and the Group’s cashflow and working capital requirements, the directors currently intend to
declare and recommend dividends which would amount to not less than 30% of the net profit, if any, from
ordinary activities for the financial year ended.

The payment of dividend is also subject to any restrictions under Hong Kong legislation and the Articles of
Association of the Company. According to the Articles of Association of the Company, the Company in general
meeting may declare dividends in any currency but no dividends shall exceed the amount recommended by the
Board. No dividend shall be payable except out of the profits of the Company.

The Board has recommended a final dividend of HK13.0 cents per share, bringing the total dividends for the
year ended 31 December 2025 to HK19.0 cents per share. This represents a payout ratio of 76% (2024: 76%),
consistent with our policy of distributing not less than 30% of the net profit.

Voting by poll

Resolutions put to vote at the general meetings of the Company (other than on procedural and administrative
matters) are taken by poll. Procedures regarding the conduct of the poll are explained to the shareholders at the
commencement of each general meeting, and questions from shareholders regarding the voting procedures are
answered. The poll results are posted on the websites of the Stock Exchange and the Company respectively on
the same day as the poll.
72   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


     Investor relations

     The Company recognises its responsibility to explain its activities to those with a legitimate interest and to
     respond to their questions. Investors are received and visited at appropriate times to explain the Group’s
     business. In addition, questions received from the general public and individual shareholders are answered
     promptly. In all cases great care is taken to ensure that price-sensitive information is not disclosed selectively.
     When announcements are made through the Stock Exchange, the same information will be made available on
     the Company’s website (www.citictel.com).

     Shareholders’ rights

     Set out below is a summary of certain rights of the shareholders of the Company as required to be disclosed
     pursuant to the mandatory disclosure requirement under the CG Code:

     Convening of general meeting

     Shareholder(s) representing at least 5% of the total voting rights of all shareholders having a right to vote at
     general meetings can make a request to call a general meeting pursuant to Section 566 of the Companies
     Ordinance.

     The request –

     (a)   must state the general nature of the business to be dealt with at the meeting;

     (b)   may include the text of a resolution that may properly be moved and is intended to be moved at the
           meeting;

     (c)   may consist of several documents in like form;

     (d)   may be sent in hard copy form or in electronic form to the company secretary of the Company at the
           Company’s registered office (25th Floor, CITIC Telecom Tower, 93 Kwai Fuk Road, Kwai Chung, New
           Territories, Hong Kong) or via email at contact@citictel.com; and

     (e)   must be authenticated by the person or persons making it.

     Pursuant to Section 567 of the Companies Ordinance, Directors must call a general meeting within 21 days after
     the date on which they become subject to the requirement and the meeting so called must be held on a date
     not more than 28 days after the date of the notice convening the meeting. If the Directors do not do so, the
     shareholders who requested the meeting, or any of them representing more than one half of the total voting
     rights of all of them, may themselves convene a general meeting pursuant to Section 568 of the Companies
     Ordinance, but the meeting must be called for a date not more than 3 months after the date on which the
     Directors become subject to the requirement to call a general meeting.

     Procedures for directing shareholders’ enquiries to the Board

     Shareholders may at any time send their enquiries and concerns to the Board in writing, contact details are as
     follows:

     CITIC Telecom International Holdings Limited
     25th Floor, CITIC Telecom Tower, 93 Kwai Fuk Road, Kwai Chung, New Territories, Hong Kong
     Email      : contact@citictel.com
     Tel No.    : +852 2377 8888
     Fax No. : +852 2376 2063
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025         73




                                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


Shareholders’ enquiries and concerns will be forwarded to the Board and/or relevant Board Committees of the
Company, where appropriate, to answer the shareholders’ questions.

Procedures for putting forward proposals at general meetings by shareholders

•    Circulating a resolution for an AGM

     Shareholder(s) can make a request to circulate a resolution for an AGM pursuant to Section 615 of the
     Companies Ordinance if they –

     (a)   represent at least 2.5% of the total voting rights of all shareholders who have a right to vote on the
           resolution at the AGM to which the request relates; or

     (b)   at least 50 shareholders who have a right to vote on the resolution at the AGM to which the request
           relates.

     The request –

     (a)   may be sent in hard copy form or in electronic form to the company secretary of the Company at the
           Company’s registered office (25th Floor, CITIC Telecom Tower, 93 Kwai Fuk Road, Kwai Chung, New
           Territories, Hong Kong) or via email at contact@citictel.com;

     (b)   must identify the resolution of which notice is to be given;

     (c)   must be authenticated by the person or persons making it; and

     (d)   must be received by the Company not later than 6 weeks before the AGM to which the request
           relates or if later, the time at which notice is given of that AGM.

•    Circulating a statement at an AGM or at a general meeting

     Shareholder(s) can pursuant to Section 580 of the Companies Ordinance request the Company to circulate,
     to shareholders entitled to receive notice of a general meeting, a statement of not more than 1,000 words
     with respect to a matter mentioned in a proposed resolution to be dealt with at that meeting or other
     business to be dealt with at that meeting, if such shareholder(s):

     (a)   represent at least 2.5% of the total voting rights of all shareholders who have a relevant right to vote;
           or

     (b)   at least 50 shareholders who have a relevant right to vote (as defined in Section 580(4) of the
           Companies Ordinance).

     The request –

     (a)   may be sent in hard copy form or in electronic form to the company secretary of the Company at the
           Company’s registered office (25th Floor, CITIC Telecom Tower, 93 Kwai Fuk Road, Kwai Chung, New
           Territories, Hong Kong) or via email at contact@citictel.com;
74   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE


          (b)   must identify the statement to be circulated;

          (c)   must be authenticated by the person or persons making it; and

          (d)   must be received by the Company at least 7 days before the meeting to which it relates.

     •    Proposing a candidate for election as a Director

          Article 108 of the Company’s Articles of Association provides that no person (other than a retiring Director)
          shall, unless recommended by the Board for election, be eligible for election to the office of Director at any
          general meeting, unless a shareholder shall have given a notice in writing of the intention to propose that
          person for election as a Director and a notice in writing by that person of his willingness to be elected shall
          have been given to the Company in the period commencing no earlier than the day after the despatch of
          the notice of the meeting appointed for such election and ending no later than 7 days prior to the date of
          such meeting, provided that such period shall be at least 7 days. The written notice must state that person’s
          biographical details as required by Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules.

     Constitutional documents

     There were no changes in the constitutional documents of the Company in 2025.

     Non-competition undertaking

     CITIC Limited has executed a deed of non-competition dated 21 March 2007 (the “Non-competition
     Undertaking”) in favour of the Company, details of which are set out in the prospectus of the Company, mainly
     to the effect that at any time during which the shares of the Company are listed on the Stock Exchange and
     CITIC Limited and/or its associates are regarded as a controlling shareholder of the Company under the Listing
     Rules, (i) CITIC Limited will not engage and will procure its subsidiaries not to engage in the provisions of
     telecommunications hub-based service (the “Restricted Activity”) globally or in any other business that may
     compete with the Restricted Activity, and (ii) in the event that any opportunity is made available to CITIC Limited
     to invest in any independent third party’s business engaging in the Restricted Activity, CITIC Limited will use its
     best efforts to procure that such investment opportunity is offered to the Group and the Group shall have a first
     right of refusal.

     CITIC Limited has reviewed its business and businesses of its subsidiaries and advised that their businesses
     do not compete with the Restricted Activity and that during the year, there was no opportunity made available
     to CITIC Limited to invest in any independent third party which was engaged in the Restricted Activity. CITIC
     Limited has given a written confirmation to the Company that it had fully complied with the terms of the
     Non-competition Undertaking. The Independent Non-executive Directors of the Company have reviewed the
     confirmation and concluded that CITIC Limited has made the compliance.
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025          75




                                DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Biographical particulars of the current directors and senior management are set out below:


DIRECTORS
Executive Directors
#∆^
    Mr. Luo Xicheng, aged 59, has been appointed as the chairman of the Board of Directors and an executive
director of the Company from 27 October 2023. Mr. Luo is also the chairman of Companhia de Telecomunicações
de Macau, S.A. (“CTM”), CITIC Telecom International CPC Limited (“CPC”) and China Enterprise ICT Solutions
Limited (“CEC”), all being subsidiaries of the Company. Mr. Luo obtained a Bachelor degree of Management
and a Master degree of Economics. He joined in succession large state-owned enterprises in the fields of
information, aviation and electronics and government research and decision-making consulting institutions
as engineer, department executive and deputy chief engineer. Mr. Luo possesses extensive theoretical
knowledge and practical experience and he has excellent capabilities in macro decision-making, comprehensive
management, and planning and coordination. Mr. Luo keeps abreast of development trends of electronic
information and has in-depth understanding in the economic development and technological innovation in
the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area. Mr. Luo had also participated in the planning, design,
and construction of many important state engineering projects. The scientific research projects he led and
participated in had repeatedly won national and provincial awards. The research results and consulting reports of
many major topics that he presided over had been adopted by relevant government departments.

^
  Mr. Wu Jun, aged 50, has been appointed as an executive director and chief executive officer of the Company
from 25 July 2025. Mr. Wu is also a director of CPC and CEC, the corporate representative of the Company in
the board of CTM, and a non-executive director of Asia Satellite Telecommunications Holdings Limited. Mr. Wu
holds Master Degree of Engineering. He previously served as executive director and general manager of CITIC
Technology Development Co., Ltd. 5. He worked in China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited 5,7,9 and Agricultural
Bank of China Limited7,9. Mr. Wu possesses multi-disciplinary background that combines technical and business
expertise, excelling in driving business development through technological innovation. He has extensive
experience in technology research and development management, strong awareness of business innovation,
spirit of teamwork and significant achievements in the field of financial technology applications.

Non-executive Directors

Mr. Zhao Lei, aged 59, has been appointed as a director of the Company since 6 December 2024. Mr. Zhao is
currently the general manager of Technology and Digitalization Department of CITIC Group Corporation1. Mr. Zhao
is a Master of Economics and an engineer and has worked in several CITIC Group companies since 1993. He
served as deputy general manager of CITIC Industrial Investment Group Corp., Ltd.5. He also served successively
as president, vice chairman and executive director of CITIC Holdings Co., Ltd.5.

*# Ms. Wang Hua, aged 49, has been appointed as a director of the Company since 21 May 2024. Ms. Wang
obtained a Master Degree of Management. Ms. Wang has successively served as the director of Tax Division,
assistant to the general manager and deputy general manager of Finance Department, the deputy general
manager of Human Resources Department and other positions of CITIC Group. She is also a non-executive
director of CSC Financial Co., Ltd.7,9. Ms. Wang has been engaged in financial work of CITIC Group for a long
time and participated in significant projects including the listing of CITIC Limited3,7. She was also a director (until
27 September 2022) of CITIC Heavy Industries Co., Ltd5,9.
76   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     Mr. Yang Feng, aged 43, has been appointed as a director of the Company since 24 March 2025. Mr. Yang is
     also the chairman of the supervisory board of CTM. Mr. Yang is a director and the chief financial officer of CITIC
     Pacific Limited2, and a director of CITIC Polaris Limited4, CITIC Glory Limited4, CITIC Investment (HK) Limited5
     and Silver Log Holdings Ltd.5, all being substantial shareholders of the Company. He is also a director of certain
     member companies of CITIC Group, CITIC Limited3,7 and CITIC Pacific, including, inter alia, a non-independent
     director of CITIC Pacific Special Steel Group Co., Ltd6,11, a vice chairman of Nanjing Iron & Steel Co., Ltd.5,9, and
     a director of CITIC Finance Company Limited5 and CITIC Pacific China Holdings Limited6. Mr. Yang is also a non-
     executive director of Frontier Services Group Limited7.

     Mr. Yang holds a bachelor’s degree in accounting and a master’s degree in management from the Renmin
     University of China. He is a Certified Public Accountant of China, a senior accountant as well as having passed
     Level III of the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) exam. He has been working in CITIC Group for over 18 years,
     and has served as the senior roles in the financial department. He was also the chief financial officer of CITIC
     Medical & Health Group Co., Ltd.4 and the chief financial officer of CITIC Construction Co., Ltd.5 respectively. He
     has extensive experience in areas including accounting, investment and financing management. Mr. Yang has
     appointed Mr. Liu Kaiyuan as his alternate director on 24 March 2025.

     Mr. Liu Kaiyuan, aged 47, has been appointed as an alternate director of Mr. Yang Feng, the non-executive
     director of the Company, since 24 March 2025. He is the general manager of General Affairs Department
     of CITIC Pacific, the board observer of CITIC Capital Holdings Limited and a director of CITIC Australia Pty
     Limited5. Mr. Liu holds a bachelor’s degree in engineering and a master’s degree in business management. He
     has been working in CITIC Group for over 21 years, and has served in China CITIC Bank Corporation Limited5,7,9,
     CITIC Group, CITIC Resources Holdings Limited5,7 and CITIC International Assets Management Limited. He has
     extensive experience in areas including financial and non-financial strategic management, budget management,
     mergers and acquisitions and corporate financing.

     Independent Non-executive Directors

     *∆# Mr. Zuo Xunsheng, aged 75, joined the Company as an independent non-executive director in April 2014.
     He obtained an EMBA degree from Guanghua School of Management of Peking University in 2004. From
     July 1993 to October 1997, Mr. Zuo served as the director of the former Bureau of Telecommunications of
     Jinan City, Shandong Province. From October 1997 to May 2000, he served as the director of the former
     Posts and Telecommunications Bureau of Shandong Province. He was the president of the former Shandong
     Telecommunications Company from May 2000 to April 2002.

     Mr. Zuo served as the vice president of China Network Communications Group Corporation from April 2002 to
     May 2008. He was the senior vice president of China Netcom Group Corporation (Hong Kong) Limited (“CNC
     HK”) since July 2004; chief operating officer of CNC HK since December 2005; an executive director and chief
     executive officer of CNC HK from May 2006 to October 2008 and chairman of CNC HK from May 2008 to
     October 2008. From October 2008 to March 2011, Mr. Zuo was the vice chairman and vice president of China
     United Network Communications Group Company Limited; director and senior vice president of China United
     Network Communications Corporation Limited; and director of China United Network Communications Limited9.
     Mr. Zuo also served as an executive director of China Unicom (Hong Kong) Limited7 from October 2008 to
     March 2011.

     In addition, Mr. Zuo served as a non-executive director and deputy chairman of PCCW Limited7 from July 2007
     to November 2011. Mr. Zuo is well experienced in telecommunications operations and has rich management
     experience.
                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025   77




                                                            DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


*∆# Mr. Lam Yiu Kin, aged 71, joined the Company as an independent non-executive director in June 2017.
Mr. Lam is a fellow member of each of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants, the Institute of
Chartered Accountants in England and Wales, the Chartered Accountants of Australia and New Zealand, and
Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”). He graduated from The Hong Kong Polytechnic
University with a higher diploma in Accountancy in 1975. He was conferred an Honorary Fellow of The Hong
Kong Polytechnic University in 2002.

Mr. Lam has over 50 years of extensive experience in accounting, auditing and business consulting. Mr. Lam was
previously a member of the Listing Committee and the Financial Reporting Advisory Panel of The Stock Exchange
of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) from 1997 to 2003, a committee member of HKICPA from 1994
to 2009, and a partner of PricewaterhouseCoopers from 1993 to 2013. Mr. Lam was an adjunct professor in the
School of Accounting and Finance of The Hong Kong Polytechnic University from 2008 to 2016.

Mr. Lam is currently an independent non-executive director of each of (i) Global Digital Creations Holdings
Limited8; (ii) Spring Asset Management Limited as the manager of Spring Real Estate Investment Trust 7;
(iii) Shougang Century Holdings Limited7; (iv) COSCO SHIPPING Ports Limited7; and (v) Topsports International
Holdings Limited7. Mr. Lam was an independent non-executive director of WWPKG Holdings Company Limited8
(currently known as Flydoo Technology Holding Limited, until 2 August 2022), Shanghai Fudan-Zhangjiang Bio-
Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.7,10 (until 30 May 2023) and Nine Dragons Paper (Holdings) Limited7 (until 11 December 2025).

*∆# Mr. Wen Ku, aged 65, joined the Company as an independent non-executive director in February 2022.
He obtained a doctorate degree of Business Administration (DBA) from The Hong Kong Polytechnic University
in 2000, a master degree of Business Administration (MBA) from Norwegian School of Management in 1998
and a master degree of Science from Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications in 1987. Mr. Wen
was granted the title of professorate senior engineer in 2000. Since 1987, Mr. Wen had successively served
as the deputy director of the Network Management Center, director of the Network Management Center,
director of the Data Communications Bureau, Shandong Province and the deputy chief engineer of Posts
and Telecommunications Administration, Shandong Province. He became the Network Management Center
director of the Directorate General of Telecommunications of the MPTA in 1995; the deputy director general
of Department of Science and Technology of the MPTA in September 1997; the deputy director general of
Department of Science and Technology of the MIIB in 1998; the deputy director general of the Department of
Telecommunications Administration Bureau of the MIIB in 2001; the director general of Department of Science
and Technology of the MIIB in 2002; the director general of Department of Science and Technology of the
MIITC in 2008; the director general of Information Communication Development Department of the MIITC in
November 2013; vice chairman and secretary general of China Communications Standards Association from
April 2021 to June 2022, and chairman of China Communications Standards Association in June 2022. Mr. Wen
has extensive experience in information and communications technology, development and in supervision and
management in telecommunications.


A
     Ministry of Posts and Telecommunications in the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”)
B
     Ministry of Information Industry
C
     Ministry of Industry and Information Technology

*    Member of the Audit Committee
∆
     Member of the Remuneration Committee
#
     Member of the Nomination Committee
^
     Member of the Finance Committee

1    “CITIC Group”, the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company
2    “CITIC Pacific”, the controlling shareholder of the Company and a subsidiary of CITIC Group
3
     the controlling shareholder of the Company and a subsidiary of CITIC Group
4
     a subsidiary of CITIC Group
5
     a subsidiary of CITIC Limited
6
     a fellow subsidiary of the Company
7
     listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange
8
     listed on the Growth Enterprise Market of the Stock Exchange
9
     listed on the Main Board of the Shanghai Stock Exchange in the PRC
10
     listed on the STAR Market of the Shanghai Stock Exchange in the PRC
11
     listed on the Main Board of the Shenzhen Stock Exchange in the PRC
78   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     SENIOR MANAGEMENT
     Mr. Poon Fuk Hei, aged 60, is the executive vice president of the Company, chief executive officer (“CEO”)
     and chairman of the Executive Committee of CTM. Mr. Poon became the CEO of CTM since 2007 and has been
     playing a pivotal role for the sustainable development of CTM.

     Mr. Poon is committed to innovation and the development of “Digital Macau”, under Mr. Poon’s leadership, CTM
     has been fully aiding Macau SAR Government and local enterprises in accelerating the digital transformation
     by leveraging the “3 Networks, 4 Centers, 1 Platform” constructed by CTM. In active response to the national
     regional development strategy, CTM is dedicated to radiate the service within the Greater Bay Area and
     Guangdong-Macao In-Depth Cooperation Zone in Hengqin, providing various sectors of Macau with better
     support to integrate into the national development.

     Under the leadership of Mr. Poon, CTM has taken the lead to launch Macau’s first 5.5G services in July 2024, and
     became the world’s first-tier 5.5G service operator. CTM has been continuing to solidify the digital foundation of
     “Cloud, Network, Intelligence, Security”, upgrading the Cloud platform capabilities unremittingly to support AI,
     IoT and smart application development, etc., and enhancing the network security levels. CTM is committed to
     promoting the development of “Human oriented and AI for good”, and contributes for the local socio-economic
     development.

     Mr. Poon appoints people by merit and attaches importance to talent cultivation, he has been cultivating batches
     of outstanding telecom professionals who have become the backbones of various departments, giving the strong
     vitality for the growth of CTM. These professionals have also become the core force of the construction and
     development of “Digital Macau”, promoting the sustainable development of Macau’s digital transformation.

     Mr. Wong Ching Wa, aged 51, is the vice president of the Company. Mr. Wong joined the Company in January 2008
     as director of China business department and was responsible for China market and business development of
     the head office. Mr. Wong is a director of CTM, a director and the CEO of CPC and a director and president
     of CEC. Mr. Wong obtained a Bachelor degree of Telecom Engineering Management from Beijing Information
     Technology College in 1996 and a Master degree of Engineering Management from Sichuan University in 2002.
     Mr. Wong previously held management positions in different telecoms and technology companies in the PRC.
     Before joining the Company, he was the general manager of operations management department of China
     Netcom (Hong Kong) Operations Limited. To date, Mr. Wong has more than 29 years experience in the telecoms
     industry.

     Mr. Ip Hon Chung, Dickson, aged 55, is the chief technology officer of the Company. Mr. Ip joined the Company
     in November 2006. He was responsible for the areas of engineering, information technology, business and
     management information system and development. He obtained a Bachelor degree in Information Engineering
     from the Chinese University of Hong Kong (“CUHK”) in 1994 and received a Master degree in Information
     Engineering from CUHK in 1998. Prior to joining the Company, he held various technical positions in New
     World PCS Ltd. To date, Mr. Ip has over 30 years practical experience in the field of telecommunications and
     information technology.

     Mr. Tian Yongzhi, aged 47, is the vice president of the Company and a director of CTM. Mr. Tian joined
     the Company in May 2011 and was responsible for China’s business development, data centre business
     development, data centre construction and operation, property management, general affairs management,
     strategic development, etc. Before joining the Company, Mr. Tian worked in China Netcom Corporation,
     China Netcom (Hong Kong) Operations Limited and China Unicom (Hong Kong) Operations Limited, and has
     accumulated a wealth of industry experience.
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025         79




                                                                       DIRECTORS’ REPORT

The directors have pleasure in submitting their Annual Report together with the audited financial statements for
the year ended 31 December 2025.

PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
CITIC Telecom International Holdings Limited (the “Company”) is a company incorporated and domiciled in Hong
Kong and has its registered office and principal place of business at 25/F, CITIC Telecom Tower, 93 Kwai Fuk
Road, Kwai Chung, New Territories, Hong Kong.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES AND BUSINESS REVIEW
The principal activity of the Company is investment holding. The principal activities and other particulars of the
principal subsidiaries are set out in note 14 to the financial statements. A fair review of the business of the
Company and further discussion and analysis of the Group’s activities as required by Schedule 5 to the Hong
Kong Companies Ordinance, including a discussion of the principal risks and uncertainties facing the Group,
important events affecting the Group occurred since the end of the financial year 2025, if any, and indication of
likely future developments of the Group’s business, can be found in the Chairman’s Statement, the Business
Review, the Financial Review and the Risk Management set out on pages 14 to 19, pages 22 to 31, pages 32 to
38 and pages 39 to 49 of this Annual Report respectively. This discussion forms part of this Directors’ Report.

The environmental, employees, customers and suppliers matters and compliance with relevant laws and
regulations that have a significant impact on the Company can be found in the Risk Management, the Corporate
Governance and the Sustainability Report as set out on pages 39 to 49, pages 51 to 74 and pages 98 to 178 of
this Annual Report respectively.

DIVIDENDS
The board of directors of the Company (the “Board”) has resolved to declare an interim dividend of HK6.0 cents
(2024: HK6.0 cents) per share in respect of the year ended 31 December 2025 which was paid on 26 September 2025.
The Board recommended, subject to the approval of the shareholders at the forthcoming annual general
meeting of the Company to be held on 20 May 2026 (the “2026 Annual General Meeting”), the payment of a
final dividend of HK13.0 cents (2024: HK12.8 cents) per share in respect of the year ended 31 December 2025
payable on 25 June 2026 to shareholders on the Register of Members at the close of business on 1 June 2026.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
The information in respect of the Group’s sales and purchases attributable to the major customers and suppliers
respectively during the year is as follows:

                                                                               Percentage of the Group’s total
                                                                                      Sales        Purchases

 The largest customer                                                                  6.8%
 Five largest customers in aggregate                                                  19.3%
 The largest supplier                                                                                     18.3%
 Five largest suppliers in aggregate                                                                      43.6%

During the year ended 31 December 2025, the directors of the Company, their close associates or any
shareholder of the Company (which to the knowledge of the directors of the Company own more than 5% of the
Company’s total number of issued shares) do not have any interest in these major customers and suppliers.
80   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     CHARITABLE DONATIONS
     Charitable donations made by the Group during the year amounted to approximately HK$1 million (2024: HK$1 million).

     DIRECTORS
     The directors of the Company who held office during the year ended 31 December 2025 and up to the date of
     this Directors’ Report were:

     Mr. Luo Xicheng
     Mr. Wu Jun (appointed with effect from 25 July 2025)
     Mr. Luan Zhenjun (resigned with effect from 30 January 2026)
     Mr. Liu Jifu (retired with effect from 24 March 2025)
     Mr. Zhao Lei
     Ms. Wang Hua
     Mr. Yang Feng (appointed with effect from 24 March 2025)
     Mr. Zuo Xunsheng
     Mr. Lam Yiu Kin
     Mr. Wen Ku
     Mr. Sui Chen (ceased to be Alternate Director to Mr. Liu Jifu with effect from 24 March 2025)
     Mr. Liu Kaiyuan (Alternate Director to Mr. Yang Feng, appointed with effect from 24 March 2025)

     Details of the directors to be re-elected at the 2026 Annual General Meeting will be set out in the circular to the
     shareholders of the Company prior thereto.

     The names of all directors who have served on the boards of the subsidiaries of the Company during the year
     ended 31 December 2025 or during the period from 1 January 2026 to the date of this Report are available on
     the Company’s website at www.citictel.com.

     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
     As at 31 December 2025, there were no service contracts which were not determinable by the employer within
     one year without payment of compensation (other than statutory compensation) between any company in the
     Group and any director of the Company proposed for re-election at the 2026 Annual General Meeting.

     PERMITTED INDEMNITY
     The Company’s Articles of Association provides that every director of the Company is entitled to be indemnified
     out of the assets of the Company against all losses or liabilities which he may sustain or incur in or about the
     execution of the duties of his office or otherwise in relation thereto so far as its provisions are not avoided by
     the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. In this respect, the Company has arranged directors and officers liability
     and company reimbursement insurances for its directors and officers.

     DIRECTORS ’ INTERESTS IN TRANSACTIONS, ARRANGEMENTS OR
     CONTRACTS
     At the end of the year or at any time during the year, no transactions, arrangements or contracts of significance
     to which the Company, any of its holding companies, subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party, and in
     which a director of the Company or his connected entity had a material interest, whether directly or indirectly,
     subsisted.
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025          81




                                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT


COMPETING INTERESTS
None of the directors of the Company and their respective associates had any direct or indirect interest in a
business which competes or may compete with the business of the Group.

CONTINUING CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
Continuing connected transactions conducted in the financial year ended 31 December 2025 are disclosed in
accordance with the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities (the “Listing Rules”) on The Stock Exchange of
Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) as follows:

1.   On 14 November 2022, the Company entered into a supplemental agreement with each of (i) China
     CITIC Bank International Limited (“China CITIC Bank International”); (ii) CITIC Finance Company Limited
     (“CITIC Finance”); and (iii) CITIC Finance International Limited (“CITIC Finance International”) (collectively,
     “2022 Supplemental Agreements”) to amend and supplement each of the financial services framework
     agreements dated 30 September 2021 entered into with each of the above parties (collectively, “Existing
     Financial Services Framework Agreements”), pursuant to which members of the Group could engage
     China CITIC Bank International, CITIC Finance and CITIC Finance International respectively for provision of
     deposit, settlement and credit services for a term of three years from 30 December 2022 to 29 December
     2025.

     The Company also entered into a financial services framework agreement with China CITIC Bank
     Corporation Limited (“CITIC Bank”) (“2022 CITIC Bank Financial Services Framework Agreement”) on
     14 November 2022, pursuant to which members of the Group could engage CITIC Bank and its subsidiaries
     in the PRC for provision of deposit, settlement and credit services for a term of three years from
     30 December 2022 to 29 December 2025.

     As the term of Existing Financial Services Framework Agreements (as amended and supplemented by 2022
     Supplemental Agreements) and 2022 CITIC Bank Financial Services Framework Agreement (collectively,
     “2022 Financial Services Framework Agreements”) were due to expire on 29 December 2025, the
     Company entered into the following agreements on 17 October 2025:

     (1)   a financial services framework agreement with CITIC Bank, (“2025 CITIC Bank Financial Services
           Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which it is agreed that members of the Group will engage
           CITIC Bank and its subsidiaries in the PRC for the provision of deposit services, settlement services
           and credit services for a term not exceeding three years, commenced from 30 December 2025 (the
           “Effective Date”, being the date on which the parties thereto have obtained their respective necessary
           authorisations or approvals in relation to the transactions contemplated thereunder, including approval
           from the independent shareholders at the extraordinary general meeting of the Company) until
           (i) 31 December 2026 (both days inclusive), or (ii) 29 December 2028 (both days inclusive), being
           the date immediately preceding the third anniversary of the Effective date, if the necessary approval
           from CITIC Bank’s shareholders for continuing connected transactions with CITIC Limited and its
           subsidiaries beyond 31 December 2026 is obtained on or before 31 December 2026; and

     (2)   a financial services framework agreement separately with each of China CITIC Bank International,
           CITIC Finance and CITIC Finance International (collectively, “Remaining 2025 Financial Services
           Framework Agreements”), pursuant to which it is agreed that members of the Group will engage each
           of China CITIC Bank International, CITIC Finance and CITIC Finance International for the provision
           of deposit services, settlement services and credit services for a term not exceeding three years,
           commenced from its respective Effective Date until 29 December 2028, being the date immediately
           preceding the third anniversary of the Effective date (both days inclusive).
82   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


         Consideration for transactions contemplated under (i) 2022 Financial Services Framework Agreements;
         and (ii) 2025 CITIC Bank Financial Services Framework Agreement and Remaining 2025 Financial Services
         Framework Agreements (collectively, “2025 Financial Services Framework Agreements”) shall be paid in
         accordance with the specific terms as agreed in separate agreements to be entered into from time to
         time between the relevant member of the Group and CITIC Bank and its subsidiaries in the PRC, China
         CITIC Bank International, CITIC Finance and CITIC Finance International (collectively, the “CITIC Financial
         Institutions”).

         Financial services provided by the CITIC Financial Institutions to the Group under 2022 Financial Services
         Framework Agreements and 2025 Financial Services Framework Agreements are as follows:

         a)   Deposit Services

              Pursuant to 2022 Financial Services Framework Agreements and 2025 Financial Services Framework
              Agreements, interest rates for deposits to be placed with each of the CITIC Financial Institutions
              by the Group shall (i) subject to compliance with the Listing Rules, be determined at arm’s length
              between the parties with reference to the prevailing interest rates offered by independent third parties
              for comparable category of deposits, or (ii) not be lower than the highest interest rates for comparable
              category of deposits offered by other major commercial banks or financial institutions with which the
              relevant member of the Group has established business relationship.

              Under 2022 Financial Services Framework Agreements, aggregate amounts of maximum daily
              outstanding balance of deposits (including accrued interests) (the “Maximum Daily Balance”) to be
              placed by the Group with any of the CITIC Financial Institutions shall not exceed HK$1.6 billion for
              the period from 1 January 2025 to 29 December 2025. During the aforesaid period, the aggregate
              amounts of the Maximum Daily Balance placed by the Group with any of the CITIC Financial
              Institutions was approximately HK$1,514 million.

              Under 2025 Financial Services Framework Agreements, aggregate amounts of the Maximum Daily
              Balance to be placed by the Group with any of the CITIC Financial Institutions shall not exceed
              HK$1.6 billion for each of the period from 30 December 2025 to 31 December 2025, the financial
              years ending 31 December 2026 and 2027, and the period from 1 January 2028 to 29 December
              2028. During the period from 30 December 2025 to 31 December 2025, the aggregate amounts of
              the Maximum Daily Balance placed by the Group with any of the CITIC Financial Institutions was
              approximately HK$717 million.

         b)   Settlement Services

              Pursuant to 2022 Financial Services Framework Agreements and 2025 Financial Services Framework
              Agreements, service fees to be charged by each of the CITIC Financial Institutions for provision
              of settlement services to the Group shall (i) subject to compliance with the Listing Rules, be
              determined at arm’s length between the parties with reference to the prevailing service fees charged
              by independent third parties for comparable category of settlement services, or (ii) not be higher
              than the lowest service fees for comparable category of settlement services charged by other
              major commercial banks or financial institutions with which the relevant member of the Group has
              established business relationship.

              Under 2022 Financial Services Framework Agreements and 2025 Financial Services Framework
              Agreements, aggregate amounts of maximum service fees payable by the Group for settlement
              services provided by the CITIC Financial Institutions are expected to fall below the de minimis
              threshold as specified in Rule 14A.76(1) of the Listing Rules.
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025         83




                                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     c)   Credit Services

          Pursuant to 2022 Financial Services Framework Agreements and 2025 Financial Services Framework
          Agreements, interest rates for credit services to be provided by the CITIC Financial Institutions shall
          (i) subject to compliance with the Listing Rules, be determined at arm’s length between the parties
          with reference to the prevailing interest rates of similar credit lines offered by independent third
          parties, or (ii) not be higher than the lowest interest rates for comparable grade of credit services
          charged by other major commercial banks or financial institutions with which the relevant member of
          the Group has established business relationship.

          As credit services to be provided by the CITIC Financial Institutions to the Group under 2022 Financial
          Services Framework Agreements and 2025 Financial Services Framework Agreements shall be on
          normal commercial terms or better, and the Group only expects to engage such credit services if and
          when no security will be granted by the Group over its assets, such credit services, if and when they
          occur, are fully exempt from reporting, announcement, annual review and independent shareholders’
          approval requirements under Rule 14A.90 of the Listing Rules.

     Each of the CITIC Financial Institutions is a subsidiary of CITIC Limited, the controlling shareholder of the
     Company. Accordingly, each of the CITIC Financial Institutions is a connected person of the Company.

     Details of the above are set out in the announcements of the Company dated 30 September 2021,
     14 November 2022 and 17 October 2025 and the circulars of the Company dated 9 December 2022 and
     27 November 2025.

2.   On 19 June 2024, the Company entered into a framework agreement (the “Framework Agreement”) with
     CITIC Group Corporation (“CITIC Group”) for a term of three years from 1 June 2024 to 31 May 2027 (both
     days inclusive), pursuant to which the Group shall provide the following six categories of services to CITIC
     Group, its subsidiaries and associates (excluding the Group) (collectively, “CITIC Group Members”) and
     China Enterprise ICT Solutions Limited (“CEC”) (collectively, “CITIC Members”) in its ordinary and usual
     course of business:

     a)   Internet Data Centre Services (“Data Centre Services”)

          The Group provides leasing of equipment and facilities services in relation to internet data centres
          to customers to fulfill their data centre business needs in Hong Kong, Macau, Chinese mainland and
          overseas.

          Data Centre Services are generally provided on the basis of the Group’s standard service order
          form, which has incorporated the general terms and conditions of service of the Group. Subject to
          the guidelines and terms and conditions set out in the Framework Agreement, terms and conditions
          of such standard service order form may be modified to cater for specific requirements of some
          customers, when necessary.

          Key service terms such as minimum commitment period, minimum number of equipment and facilities
          under subscription and unit service charges are set out in individual service order form. Service
          charges usually include (i) a one-off set-up charge per equipment/facility, normally payable in full
          upon provision of service; and (ii) a monthly rental charge during the service term, comprising a fixed
          recurring charge and a variable charge (if any) which is determined based on number of committed and
          additional equipment/facility and volume of power consumption.
84   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


              Annual caps for provision of Data Centre Services under the Framework Agreement are set out below:

                                                                   For the             For the             For the
                                                                 financial           financial        period from
                                                               year ended         year ending        1 January to
                                                             31 December         31 December               31 May
                                                                     2025                2026                2027

               HK$ (million)                                          42.0                53.0                26.7

              Aggregate service fees paid/payable by CITIC Members for the year ended 31 December 2025
              in relation to the Data Centre Services under the Framework Agreement was approximately
              HK$32.3 million.

         b)   Virtual Private Network Services (“VPN Services”)

              The Group provides VPN Services by applying multi-protocol label switching (MPLS) network. Virtual
              private network is a private network to connect geographically separated offices of an organisation
              with different classes-of-service, creating one cohesive network, for transmission of video and data
              applications with guaranteed quality-of-service.

              VPN Services are generally provided on the basis of the Group’s standard service order form, which
              has incorporated the general terms and conditions of service of the Group. Subject to the guidelines
              and terms and conditions set out in the Framework Agreement, terms and conditions of such standard
              service order form may be modified to cater for specific requirements of some customers, when
              necessary.

              Key service terms such as minimum commitment period, bandwidth and location of services are
              set out in individual service order form. Service charges usually include (i) a one-off set-up charge,
              normally payable in full upon provision of service; and (ii) a fixed recurring monthly service charge
              during the service term, which is determined with reference to subscribed bandwidth, locations, class
              of services and requisite support services.

              Annual caps for the provision of VPN Services under the Framework Agreement are set out below:

                                                                   For the             For the             For the
                                                                 financial           financial        period from
                                                               year ended         year ending        1 January to
                                                             31 December         31 December               31 May
                                                                     2025                2026                2027

               HK$ (million)                                          44.1                48.9                22.0

              Aggregate service fees paid/payable by CITIC Members for the year ended 31 December 2025 in
              relation to VPN Services under the Framework Agreement was approximately HK$37.7 million.
                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025         85




                                                                           DIRECTORS’ REPORT


c)   Internet Access Services (“Internet Access Services”)

     The Group provides high-availability, high-speed Metro Ethernet/broadband local loop circuits, and
     related network services, which enable access to the internet among customers’ designated locations,
     servers in data centres, and cloud computing platforms.

     Internet Access Services are generally provided on the basis of the Group’s standard service order
     form, which has incorporated the general terms and conditions of service of the Group. Subject to
     the guidelines and terms and conditions set out in the Framework Agreement, terms and conditions
     of such standard service order form may be modified to cater for specific requirements of some
     customers, when necessary.

     Key service terms such as minimum commitment period, bandwidth and location of services are
     set out in individual service order form. Service charges usually include (i) a one-off set-up charge,
     normally payable in full upon provision of service; and (ii) a fixed recurring monthly service charge
     during the service term, which is determined with reference to subscribed bandwidth, locations,
     interface of connection and requisite application services.

     Annual caps for provision of Internet Access Services under the Framework Agreement are set out
     below:

                                                          For the             For the              For the
                                                        financial           financial         period from
                                                      year ended         year ending         1 January to
                                                    31 December         31 December                31 May
                                                            2025                2026                 2027

      HK$ (million)                                           15.4                18.7                 9.4

     Aggregate service fees paid/payable by CITIC Members for the year ended 31 December 2025
     in relation to Internet Access Ser vices under the Framework Agreement was approximately
     HK$11.1 million.

d)   Information Security Management Services (“ISM Services”)

     The Group provides enterprises and corporations with managed information security solutions.
     The Group’s innovative cybersecurity framework delivers holistic enterprise protection that enables
     organisations to perform comprehensive assessment and identification of threats, covering services
     such as code review, vulnerability assessment, penetration testing, and security threat identification,
     to effectively detect anomalous network behaviours. Regional security operations centres of the
     Group leverages its advanced dual-core security information and its security information and event
     management (SIEM) platform, which rapidly detects and responds to emerging threats through large-
     scale intelligent data analysis.

     ISM Services are generally provided on the basis of the Group’s standard service order form, which
     has incorporated the general terms and conditions of service of the Group. Subject to the guidelines
     and terms and conditions set out in the Framework Agreement, terms and conditions of such standard
     service order form may be modified to cater for specific requirements of some customers, when
     necessary.
86   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


              Key service terms such as minimum commitment period, minimum number of equipment and facilities
              under subscription are set out in individual service order form. Service charges usually include
              (i) a one-off set-up charge, normally payable in full upon provision of service; and (ii) a fixed recurring
              monthly service charge during the service term, comprising a fixed recurring charge and a variable
              charge (if any) which is determined based on the number of committed and additional equipment/
              facility.

              Annual caps for provision of ISM Services under the Framework Agreement are set out below:

                                                                     For the              For the              For the
                                                                   financial            financial         period from
                                                                 year ended          year ending         1 January to
                                                               31 December          31 December                31 May
                                                                       2025                 2026                 2027

               HK$ (million)                                             16.5                 20.6                 11.0

              Aggregate service fees paid/payable by CITIC Members for the year ended 31 December 2025 in
              relation to ISM Services under the Framework Agreement was approximately HK$16.5 million.

         e)   Cloud Computing Solutions Services (“CCS Services”)

              The Group offers comprehensive cloud computing solutions that are flexible and customisable to
              its customers’ needs, including Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS), Platform-as-a-Service (PaaS),
              Software-as-a-Service (SaaS), versatile managed cloud backup and disaster recovery solutions, cloud
              connect, multi-cloud management and other services to support enterprises to deploy their cloud
              services flexibly and rapidly in different business scenarios.

              CCS Services are generally provided on the basis of the Group’s standard service order form, which
              has incorporated the general terms and conditions of service of the Group. Subject to the guidelines
              and terms and conditions set out in the Framework Agreement, terms and conditions of such standard
              service order form may be modified to cater for specific requirements of some customers, when
              necessary.

              Key service terms such as minimum commitment period, computing resources, bandwidth and
              location of services are set out in individual service order form. Service charges usually include
              (i) a one-off set-up charge, normally payable in full upon provision of service; and (ii) a fixed recurring
              monthly service charge during the service term, which is determined with reference to subscribed
              computing resources, bandwidth, location of service, interface of connection and requisite application
              services.

              Annual caps for provision of CCS Services under the Framework Agreement are set out below:

                                                                     For the              For the              For the
                                                                   financial            financial         period from
                                                                 year ended          year ending         1 January to
                                                               31 December          31 December                31 May
                                                                       2025                 2026                 2027

               HK$ (million)                                             12.0                 14.4                  7.2

              Aggregate service fees paid/payable by CITIC Members for the year ended 31 December 2025 in
              relation to CCS Services under the Framework Agreement was approximately HK$9.5 million.
                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025        87




                                                                       DIRECTORS’ REPORT


f)   Messaging Services (“Messaging Services”)

     The Group provides a wide range of messaging services such as Person-to-Person (P2P) SMS,
     Application-to-Person (A2P) SMS, Multimedia Messaging Service (MMS), Rich Media Messaging
     (RMS), Over-The-Top (OTT) messaging, voice passwords and other services, and is committed
     to improving efficiency of information communication among all sectors of the community with
     world-class quality services.

     Messaging Services are generally provided on the basis of the Group’s standard service order form,
     which has incorporated the general terms and conditions of service of the Group. Subject to the
     guidelines and terms and conditions set out in the Framework Agreement, terms and conditions
     of such standard service order form may be modified to cater for specific requirements of some
     customers, when necessary.

     Key service terms such as minimum commitment period and type of services are set out in individual
     service order form. Service charges are based on actual volume of consumption during the service
     term, which is determined with reference to cost, quality, volume and type of services, and are
     normally settled on a monthly basis.

     Annual caps for provision of Messaging Services under the Framework Agreement are set out below:

                                                        For the            For the              For the
                                                      financial          financial         period from
                                                    year ended        year ending         1 January to
                                                  31 December        31 December                31 May
                                                          2025               2026                 2027

      HK$ (million)                                        36.3               39.9                18.3

     Aggregate service fees paid/payable by CITIC Members for the year ended 31 December 2025 in
     relation to Messaging Services under the Framework Agreement was approximately HK$11.5 million.

CITIC Group is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company, and therefore CITIC Group Members
are connected persons of the Company. CEC is a non-wholly owned subsidiary of the Company which CITIC
Group holds 45.09% equity interest, and therefore CEC is a connected subsidiary of the Company.

Details of the above are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 19 June 2024.
88   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     3.   On 30 December 2024, CITIC Telecom International CPC Limited (“CPC”, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
          Company) and CEC entered into a marketing services agreement (the “Marketing Services Agreement”),
          pursuant to which CEC shall engage CPC as service provider for provision of marketing and promotional
          services for a term of three years from 1 January 2025 to 31 December 2027.

          Under the Marketing Services Agreement, a monthly service fee shall be payable by CEC to CPC on the
          basis of a range of 10%-14% of the sum of (i) relevant sales amount generated by CEC; and (ii) actual costs
          and related marketing expenses incurred by CPC. Such service fee shall be settled within 60 days after CPC
          has issued the invoice.

          Annual caps for service fees payable by CEC to CPC under the Marketing Services Agreement are set out
          below:

                                                                    For the
                                                                  financial
                                                                year ended           For the financial years ending
                                                              31 December                     31 December
                                                                      2025                2026                2027

           RMB (million)                                                9.3                10.7                12.3

          Details of the above are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 30 December 2024.

          Under the Marketing Services Agreement, aggregate service fees paid/payable by CEC to CPC for the year
          ended 31 December 2025 was approximately RMB8.5 million.

     4.   On 30 December 2024, China Enterprise Netcom Corporation Limited (“CEC-HK”, a wholly-owned
          subsidiar y of the Company) and CPC entered into a ser vice agreement with CEC (the “Ser vice
          Agreement”), pursuant to which CEC-HK and CPC shall engage CEC as service provider for provision of
          technical and support services in the PRC to the customers of CEC-HK and CPC for a term of three years
          from 1 January 2025 to 31 December 2027. CEC is also responsible for arranging, operating and maintaining
          all necessary technical and support services in the PRC to service the customers of CEC-HK and CPC.

          Under the Service Agreement, service fee payable to CEC will be charged on the basis of cost plus a
          prevailing market rate of 5% to 10% and shall be settled monthly. Annual caps for service fees payable by
          the Group to CEC under the Service Agreement are set out below:

                                                                    For the
                                                                  financial
                                                                year ended           For the financial years ending
                                                              31 December                     31 December
                                                                      2025                2026                2027

           RMB (million)                                              186.9               243.0               291.6

          Details of the above are set out in the announcements of the Company dated 30 December 2024 and
          17 January 2025.

          Under the Service Agreement, aggregate service fees paid/payable by the Group to CEC for the year ended
          31 December 2025 was approximately RMB14.7 million.
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025         89




                                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT


5.   On 17 February 2023, CEC and 廣東盈通網絡投資有限公司 (Guangdong Eastern Fibernet Investment
     Company Limited) (“Guangdong Eastern Fibernet”, an associate of CITIC Group and therefore a connected
     person of the Company) entered into a services agreement (the “SDH Services Agreement”), pursuant
     to which CEC shall engage Guangdong Eastern Fibernet as service provider for provision of Synchronous
     Digital Hierarchy (“SDH”, a kind of telecommunications technology for signal transmission) circuit services
     for a term of three years from 19 February 2023 to 18 February 2026.

     For each service order under the SDH Services Agreement, Guangdong Eastern Fibernet will charge CEC
     service fee which shall include (i) a one-off set-up fee of RMB2,000; and (ii) a monthly service fee, the
     amount of which will depend on location, technology, bandwidth and distance of the SDH circuits provided
     by Guangdong Eastern Fibernet based on business needs of CEC and the service fee shall be settled on
     a monthly prepayment basis. Annual caps for service fees payable by CEC to Guangdong Eastern Fibernet
     under the SDH Services Agreement are set out below:

                                                                                   For the             For the
                                                                                 financial        period from
                                                                               year ended        1 January to
                                                                             31 December          18 February
                                                                                     2025                2026

      RMB (million)                                                                    17.0                2.8

     Details of the above are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 17 February 2023.

     Under the SDH Services Agreement, aggregate service fees paid/payable by CEC to Guangdong Eastern
     Fibernet for the year ended 31 December 2025 was approximately RMB7.8 million.

6.   On 5 August 2022, CEC and 中信數字科技集團有限公司 (CITIC Digital Technology Group Co., Ltd.) (“CITIC
     Digital Technology”, formerly known as 中信網絡有限公司 (CITIC Networks Co., Ltd.), a subsidiary of CITIC
     Group and therefore a connected person of the Company) entered into a telecoms services agreement
     (“2022 Telecoms Services Agreement”) pursuant to which CEC shall engage CITIC Digital Technology as
     service provider for the provision of various telecommunications services for a term of three years from
     7 August 2022 to 6 August 2025.

     Upon expiry of 2022 Telecoms Services Agreement, CEC and CITIC Digital Technology entered into a
     telecoms services agreement (“2025 Telecoms Services Agreement”) on 6 August 2025 to continue to
     engage CITIC Digital Technology for the provision of the abovementioned services for a further term of
     three years from 7 August 2025 to 6 August 2028.

     Under 2022 Telecoms Services Agreement and 2025 Telecoms Services Agreement, an estimated basic
     monthly service fees of approximately RMB1.90 million (subject to adjustment based on actual usage) shall
     be payable by CEC to CITIC Digital Technology and shall be settled monthly.
90   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


          The annual cap for the service fees payable by CEC to CITIC Digital Technology for the period from
          1 January 2025 to 6 August 2025 under 2022 Telecoms Services Agreement was RMB26.90 million; and
          the annual caps for aggregate service fees payable by CEC to CITIC Digital Technology under 2025 Telecoms
          Services Agreement are set out below:

                                                 For the                                                     For the
                                            period from                                                 period from
                                            7 August to            For the financial years ending      1 January to
                                           31 December                      31 December                    6 August
                                                   2025                 2026                2027               2028

           RMB (million)                           13.66              32.58               34.03               19.85

          Details of the above are set out in the announcements of the Company dated 5 August 2022 and
          6 August 2025.

          Under 2022 Telecoms Services Agreement and 2025 Telecoms Services Agreement, aggregate service
          fees paid/payable by CEC to CITIC Digital Technology for the period from 1 January 2025 to 6 August 2025
          and the period from 7 August 2025 to 31 December 2025 were approximately RMB12.09 million and
          RMB7.80 million respectively.

     7.   On 20 May 2024, Neostar Investment Limited (“Neostar”, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company)
          as landlord and Dah Chong Hong Holdings Limited (“DCH Holdings”, a wholly-owned subsidiary of CITIC
          Limited and therefore a connected person of the Company) as tenant entered into a tenancy agreement
          (“the DCH Tenancy Agreement”) in respect of the whole of 7th floor to 11th floor of CITIC Telecom Tower
          situated at 93 Kwai Fuk Road, Kwai Chung, New Territories, Hong Kong (“CITIC Telecom Tower”) for a term
          of three years from 1 June 2024 to 31 May 2027.

          The monthly rental (exclusive of government rent, rates, management charges and other outgoings) is
          HK$1,231,100 and monthly management charges is approximately HK$199,200 (subject to revision), payable
          monthly in advance on the first day of each and every calendar month.

          Annual caps for fees (including aggregate rentals, management charges and other outgoings) payable by
          DCH Holdings to the Group under the DCH Tenancy Agreement are set out below:

                                                                    For the             For the             For the
                                                                  financial           financial        period from
                                                                year ended         year ending        1 January to
                                                              31 December         31 December               31 May
                                                                      2025                2026                2027

           HK$ (million)                                               18.5                18.5                 8.5

          Details of the above are set out in the announcements of the Company dated 20 May 2024.

          Under the DCH Tenancy Agreement, aggregate amounts paid/payable by DCH Holdings to the Group for the
          year ended 31 December 2025 was approximately HK$17.2 million.

     8.   The Group, through Asia Pacific Internet Exchange Limited (“Asia Pacific”, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
          Company) and Neostar, has ownership over the entire CITIC Telecom Tower.

          On 21 December 2023, Asia Pacific, Neostar and Hang Luen Chong Property Management Company,
          Limited (“Hang Luen Chong”, a wholly-owned subsidiary of CITIC Limited and therefore a connected
          person of the Company) entered into a management services agreement (the “Management Services
          Agreement”), pursuant to which Hang Luen Chong shall provide general property management services,
          chilled water supply, air-conditioning supply and other relevant services in respect of CITIC Telecom
          Tower (the “Management Services”) to the Group for a term of three years from 1 January 2024 to
          31 December 2026.
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025         91




                                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     Under the Management Services Agreement, general management fees are approximately HK$745,000
     per month; chilled water charges are based on actual volume of chilled water used and are estimated to
     be approximately HK$150,000 per month; air-conditioning charges for supply during normal office hours
     are approximately HK$191,000 per month; air-conditioning charges for supply after normal office hours are
     based on actual usage and are estimated to be approximately HK$3,000 per month; other service charges
     for exclusive use of certain common areas of CITIC Telecom Tower are estimated to be approximately
     HK$15,000 per month. The above estimated monthly fees and charges payable by the Group to Hang Luen
     Chong are subject to increase within the relevant annual caps set out below:

                                                                                     For the             For the
                                                                                   financial           financial
                                                                                 year ended         year ending
                                                                               31 December         31 December
                                                                                       2025                2026

      HK$ (million)                                                                      15.0                17.0

     Details of the above are set out in the announcement of the Company dated 21 December 2023.

     Under the Management Services Agreement, aggregate amount paid/payable by the Group to Hang Luen
     Chong for the year ended 31 December 2025 was approximately HK$13.0 million.

Review of the Continuing Connected Transactions:

The independent non-executive directors of the Company have reviewed the aforesaid continuing connected
transactions conducted in the year ended 31 December 2025 and confirmed that the transactions had been
entered into

•    in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

•    on normal commercial terms or better; and

•    in accordance with the relevant agreements on terms that were fair and reasonable and in the interests of
     the shareholders of the Company as a whole.

The Company’s auditor was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in accordance
with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) “Assurance Engagements Other than
Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information” and with reference to Practice Note 740 (Revised) “Auditor’s
Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules” issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The auditor has issued an unmodified letter containing the auditor’s
findings and conclusions in respect of the Continuing Connected Transactions disclosed by the Group on pages
81 to 91 of this Annual Report in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules.

Related Party Transactions:

Details of material related party transactions undertaken in the normal course of business are provided
under note 32 to the financial statements. None of these related party transactions is subject to disclosure
requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, except for those described in the section of “Continuing
Connected Transactions”, in respect of which the disclosure requirements in accordance with Chapter 14A of the
Listing Rules have been complied with.
92   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN SECURITIES
     The interests of the directors of the Company in shares of the Company or any associated corporation (within
     the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (“SFO”)) as at 31 December 2025 as recorded in
     the register required to be kept under section 352 of the SFO were as follows:

          Long positions in shares of an associated corporation

                                                                                                 Percentage to the
                                                                                                 number of issued
                                               Nature of interest        Number of shares                  shares
                                                                                                                 %

           CITIC Limited

           Zhao Lei                            Beneficial owner                      13,000                0.00004
           Wang Hua                            Beneficial owner                      40,000                0.00014

     Save as disclosed above, as at 31 December 2025, none of the directors of the Company had nor were they
     taken to or deemed to have, under Part XV of the SFO, any interests or short positions in the shares, underlying
     shares or debentures of the Company or its associated corporations or any interests which are required to be
     entered into the register kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO or any interests which are
     required to be notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities
     Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers contained in Appendix C3 of the Listing Rules.

     Save as disclosed above, at no time during the year was the Company or any of its holding companies,
     subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries a party or parties to any arrangement to enable the directors of the Company
     to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any other body
     corporate.
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025         93




                                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS
As at 31 December 2025, the interests of the substantial shareholders, other than the directors of the Company
or their respective associates, in the shares, underlying shares and debentures of the Company as recorded in
the register of interests in shares and short positions required to be kept under section 336 of the SFO were as
follows:

                                                                                                Percentage to
                                                                                 Number of        the number
                                                                                   shares of        of issued
                                                                               the Company             shares
 Name                         Nature of interest/capacity                          (Note 10)          (Note 9)
                                                                                                            %

 CITIC Group                  Interests in controlled corporations          2,129,345,175 (L)            57.54
                                (Notes 1 and 2)

 CITIC Limited                Interests in controlled corporations          2,129,345,175 (L)            57.54
                                and interests in section 317 concert
                                party agreement
                                (Notes 2 and 8)

 CITIC Investment (HK)        Interests in a controlled corporation         2,129,345,175 (L)            57.54
   Limited (“CITIC              and interests in section 317 concert
   Investment (HK)”)            party agreement
                                (Notes 3 and 8)

 Silver Log Holdings Ltd.     Beneficial owner and interests                2,129,345,175 (L)            57.54
    (“Silver Log”)              in section 317 concert party agreement
                               (Notes 2, 4 and 8)

 Ease Action Investments      Beneficial owner and interests                2,129,345,175 (L)            57.54
   Corp. (“Ease Action”)        in section 317 concert party agreement
                               (Notes 2, 5 and 8)

 Richtone Enterprises Inc.    Beneficial owner and interests                2,129,345,175 (L)            57.54
   (“Richtone”)                 in section 317 concert party agreement
                               (Notes 2, 6 and 8)
94   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     Notes:

     1.       CITIC Group is the indirect holding company of CITIC Limited, holding 53.12% interest in CITIC Limited as at 31 December 2025 via two
              wholly-owned subsidiaries of CITIC Group: CITIC Polaris Limited (holding 27.52% interest in CITIC Limited as at 31 December 2025) and
              CITIC Glory Limited (holding 25.60% interest in CITIC Limited as at 31 December 2025).

     2.       CITIC Limited indirectly and wholly owns each of Silver Log, Ease Action, Richtone and Perfect New Holdings Limited (“Perfect New”),
              which in turn hold direct interests in the Company as at 31 December 2025, as follows:

              Silver Log as to 611,187,500 shares (representing approximately 16.52% interest).
              Ease Action as to 1,241,649,869 shares (representing approximately 33.55% interest).
              Richtone as to 134,841,139 shares (representing approximately 3.64% interest).
              Perfect New as to 141,666,667 shares (representing approximately 3.83% interest).

     3.       CITIC Investment (HK) directly and wholly owns Silver Log.

     4.       Silver Log is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of CITIC Limited, via the following chain of intermediate holding companies (on a
              wholly-owned basis at each level): CITIC Corporation Limited and CITIC Investment (HK).

     5.       Ease Action is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of CITIC Limited, via the following chain of intermediate holding companies
              (on a wholly-owned basis at each level): CITIC Pacific Limited (“CITIC Pacific”) and CITIC Pacific Communications Limited
              (“CP Communications”), which is the direct holding company of Ease Action.

     6.       Richtone is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of CITIC Limited, via the following chain of intermediate holding companies (on a
              wholly-owned basis at each level): CITIC Pacific and CP Communications, which is the direct holding company of Richtone.

     7.       Perfect New is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of CITIC Limited, via the following chain of intermediate holding companies (on a
              wholly-owned basis at each level): CITIC Pacific and CP Communications, which is the direct holding company of Perfect New.

     8.       CITIC Limited, CITIC Investments (HK), Ease Action, Richtone and Silver Log are parties to agreements which section 317 of the SFO
              applies. As such, the interests of Ease Action, Richtone, Silver Log and Perfect New (all being indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries of CITIC
              Limited) are aggregated for disclosure purpose.

     9.       “Percentage to the number of issued shares” attributable to CITIC Group and/or its subsidiaries (each a “relevant reporting entity”) as
              presented in the table above has been re-computed by the Company as follows: dividing (a) “the number of shares of the Company” as
              disclosed by the relevant reporting entity and as recorded in the register of interests in shares and short positions required to be kept
              under section 336 of the SFO, by (b) the total number of issued shares of the Company as at 31 December 2025 (i.e. 3,700,891,382
              shares). Such percentage so re-computed and presented, therefore, may deviate slightly from the percentage as so recorded on the
              relevant register, due to intervening changes in the total number of issued shares of the Company between the date of the relevant
              disclosure and 31 December 2025 where such changes may or may not have triggered disclosure by the relevant reporting entity.

     10.      L denotes the entity’s long position in the shares of the Company.


     CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE WITH CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS
     The Company and the controlling shareholders of the Company have entered into the following contracts of
     significance which were subsisting during the year ended 31 December 2025:

     1.       Deed of non-competition dated 21 March 2007 executed by CITIC Limited in favour of the Company, details
              of which are set out in the prospectus of the Company, mainly to the effect that at any time during which
              the shares of the Company are listed on the Stock Exchange and CITIC Limited and/or its associates are
              regarded as a controlling shareholder of the Company under the Listing Rules, (i) CITIC Limited will not
              engage and will procure its subsidiaries not to engage in the provisions of telecommunications hub-based
              service (the “Restricted Activity”) globally or in any other business that may compete with the Restricted
              Activity, and (ii) in the event that any opportunity is made available to CITIC Limited to invest in any
              independent third party’s business engaging in the Restricted Activity, CITIC Limited will use its best efforts
              to procure that such investment opportunity is offered to the Group and the Group shall have a first right of
              refusal.

     2.       Deed of Indemnity dated 21 March 2007 given by CITIC Limited in favour of the Company (and its
              subsidiaries), pursuant to which CITIC Limited will keep the Company and its subsidiaries indemnified
              against any taxation falling on it resulting from or by reference to any revenue, income, profits or gains
              granted, earned, accrued, received or made on the listing date of the Company or any event, transaction,
              act or omission occurring or deemed to occur on or before the listing date of the Company.
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025          95




                                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT


3.   Administrative services agreement dated 20 August 2014 (the “Administrative Services Agreement”)
     entered into between the Company and CITIC Pacific, a controlling shareholder of the Company, pursuant
     to which CITIC Pacific and the Company will share the company secretarial services and the internal audit
     services with retrospective effect from 1 July 2014. The amount payable by the Company to CITIC Pacific
     for the services received shall be determined on costs basis with payment terms to be agreed between
     the parties from time to time. The Administrative Services Agreement may be terminated if CITIC Limited,
     the immediate holding company of CITIC Pacific, shall hold less than 30% of the shares of the Company
     and is terminable by giving a six months’ prior notice in writing by either party. Mr. Yang Feng is a director
     and the chief financial officer of CITIC Pacific and therefore, he has indirect interests in the Administrative
     Services Agreement. A copy of the Administrative Services Agreement will be available for inspection at the
     2026 Annual General Meeting.

Apart from the above and the transactions as mentioned in the section of “Continuing Connected Transactions”,
none of the Company or any of its subsidiaries has entered into any other contract of significance with
the Company’s controlling shareholders or their subsidiaries which were subsisting during the year ended
31 December 2025.

EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
No equity-linked agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing shares or that require the Company
to enter into any agreements that will or may result in the Company issuing shares were entered into by the
Company during the year, or subsisted at the end of the year.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and within the knowledge of the directors
of the Company as at the latest practicable date prior to the issue of this report, during the year ended
31 December 2025, the Company has maintained sufficient public float of at least 25% of the Company’s total
number of issued shares as required under Rule 13.32B(1) of the Listing Rules.

Details of (1) shareholding of substantial shareholders and directors of the Company in the issued share
capital of the Company as at 31 December 2025 is set out on pages 92 to 94 of this Directors’ Report; and
(2) structure of the share capital of the Company as at 31 December 2025 is set out in note 28(c) to the financial
statements.

BORROWINGS AND ISSUE OF GUARANTEED BONDS
On 5 March 2013, CITIC Telecom International Finance Limited (“CITIC Telecom International Finance”, a
wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, which was dissolved on 23 December 2025) issued US$450 million
6.1% guaranteed bonds due 2025 (the “Bonds”) to professional investors pursuant to a subscription agreement
made between the Company (as guarantor), CITIC Telecom International Finance and CITIC Securities Corporate
Finance (HK) Limited, Deutsche Bank AG, Singapore Branch, Standard Chartered Bank and UBS AG, Hong
Kong Branch on 26 February 2013 for financing part of the consideration paid by the Company in respect of
the acquisition of 79% interest in Companhia de Telecomunicações de Macau, S.A.R.L. (currently known as
Companhia de Telecomunicações de Macau, S.A.). The Bonds was listed on the Stock Exchange on 6 March 2013
and was fully redeemed with corresponding accrued interest on the maturity date of 5 March 2025.

Particulars of borrowings of the Group as at 31 December 2025 are set out in note 24 to the financial
statements.
96   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     LISTED SECURITIES
     There was no movement in the Company’s share capital during the year ended 31 December 2025.

     Save for redemption of the Bonds as disclosed above, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries has
     purchased, sold or redeemed any of its listed securities during the year ended 31 December 2025.

     CONFIRMATION OF INDEPENDENCE
     The Company has received from each independent non-executive director an annual confirmation of his
     independence pursuant to the factors set out in Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and considers all independent
     non-executive directors remain independent.

     FIVE YEAR SUMMARY
     A summary of the results and of the assets and liabilities of the Group for the last five financial years is set out
     on page 50 of this Annual Report.

     PROPERTY
     Particulars of the major property held for investment of the Group are shown on page 278 of this Annual Report.

     RETIREMENT SCHEMES AND OTHER POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS
     The Group operates a defined benefit retirement plan and several defined contribution retirement plans. The
     employees employed under the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance are also entitled to long service payment
     if the eligibility criteria are met. Particulars of these post-employment benefits are set out in note 26 to the
     financial statements.

     UPDATE ON DIRECTORS’ INFORMATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13.51B(1)
     OF THE LISTING RULES
     Apart from those disclosed in the section of “Directors and Senior Management”, the changes in emoluments of
     the executive directors of the Company under their respective service contracts has been disclosed in note 7 to
     the financial statements pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.

     AUDITOR
     At the close of the annual general meeting in 2025, Messrs PricewaterhouseCoopers, Certified Public
     Accountants, Hong Kong, retired as auditor of the Company upon expiration of its term of office and Messrs
     KPMG (“KPMG”), Certified Public Accountants, Hong Kong, were appointed as auditor of the Company to hold
     office until the conclusion of the 2026 Annual General Meeting.

     KPMG will retire and being eligible, offer themselves for re-appointment. A resolution for the re-appointment of
     KPMG as auditor of the Company is to be proposed at the 2026 Annual General Meeting.




     By Order of the Board
     Luo Xicheng
     Chairman

     Hong Kong, 12 March 2026
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025        97




                                          FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS

This Annual Report contains certain forward looking statements with respect to the financial condition, results
of operations and business of the Group. These forward looking statements represent the Company’s current
expectations, beliefs, assumptions or projections concerning future events and involve known and unknown
risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance or events to differ materially from those
expressed or implied in such statements.

Forward looking statements involve inherent risks and uncertainties. Readers should be cautioned that a number
of factors could cause actual results to differ, in some instances materially, from those expressed, implied or
anticipated in any forward looking statement or assessment of risk.

None of the Company, the directors, employees or agents assumes (a) any obligation to correct or update any
forward looking statements or opinions contained in this Annual Report; and (b) any liability arising from any
forward looking statements or opinions that do not materialise or otherwise prove to be incorrect.
98   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




     SUSTAINABILITY REPORT
                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025   99




              L E A D I N G TO
        S U S TA I N A B L E
        D E V E LO P M E N T
THE GROUP ADHERES TO THE VISION AND MISSION OF THE ENTERPRISE

Commitment:   To conduct our business responsibly and transparently, while continuously
              striving to promote sustainable development.

Goal:         To become a market leader in high-quality telecommunications and ICT
              services, a responsible corporate citizen, and an ideal employer.

Approach:     To integrate the concepts of sustainable development into the operations of
              our telecommunications business, implement the Group’s environmental,
              social, and governance policies and other major corporate policies, and create
              and sustain shared value with our stakeholders.
100   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT

      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE STRATEGY
      The Group places corporate responsibility at its core, establishing clear strategies in environmental, social, and
      governance (“ESG”) matters. In the course of business operations, we are committed to advancing sustainable
      development and consistently generating positive social impact. To achieve these objectives, we actively engage
      in environmental protection, talent development, operational optimisation, and social contribution, striving to
      build strong and lasting trust among the Group, shareholders, and clients. At the same time, we work hand in
      hand with employees, partners, and society to foster a harmonious and mutually supportive business environment.




                                     Vision                                           Mission



                To become a leading digital and intelligentised     With the backing of Chinese mainland,
                comprehensive telecommunications company            establishing a foothold in Hong Kong and
                in Asia Pacific, and provide quality services for   Macau, and connecting to the world
                social development, corporate innovation and
                                                                    Focusing on international development,
                the better lives of people
                                                                    pursuing technological innovation, and
                                                                    enhancing core competitiveness

                                                                    Customer-oriented, with value creation as
                                                                    our goal, providing sustainable return for
                                                                    our shareholders




      BOARD STATEMENT ON ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE ISSUE
      The Board holds ultimate leadership responsibility for sustainability matters. The Board oversees the Group’s ESG
      and climate-related strategies, performance and reporting, while ensuring effective governance processes and
      internal controls. The Board has delegated authority to its Audit Committee to perform formulation and oversight
      responsibilities, including establishing and reviewing ESG and climate strategies and directions, materiality
      analysis results, the setting of sustainability-related goals and progress towards achieving them, as well as
      reviewing the compliance of the sustainability report. The Audit Committee holds at least one meeting annually
      to review ESG matters, including climate-related risks and opportunities, and regularly reports progress and
      recommendations to the Board to ensure that the Group advances its sustainability initiatives under an effective
      system of management and internal control.

      Through ongoing consultation with internal and external stakeholders, the Group identifies, assesses, and
      prioritises ESG issues affecting the Group and its stakeholders. Appropriate mitigation measures are developed
      and implemented based on priority, and key issues are disclosed in the Group’s sustainability report to address
      stakeholders’ concerns. Please refer to the “Materiality Analysis” section (pages 108 to 109) of this report for
      further details on the stakeholder engagement process and the results of the materiality analysis.
                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025    101




                                                                  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


2025 SUSTAINABLE DEVELOPMENT HIGHLIGHTS

         Governance


 Business Ethics Policies   During the year, 15 anti-corruption training sessions were conducted,
       & Practices          amounting to a total of 2,746 training hours. The content covered
                            common integrity risks encountered by business organisations,
                            reinforcing with employees the importance of adhering to compliance
                            requirements regarding anti-bribery and anti-corruption.




            Social


 Talent Development and     Hosted the “2025 Work Conference” and a youth staff forum to promote
 Community Engagement       cross-regional knowledge sharing and collaboration.

                            Conducted two large-scale training events, engaging external experts
                            to deliver insights to the Group’s mid-to-senior level personnel on
                            the latest trends in digital transformation, global telecommunications
                            industry development, and AI industry advancements.

                            Total training hours for the year amounted to 42,401, of which 7,579
                            hours were dedicated to health and safety training.

                            Total volunteer service hours reached 1,403, covering areas such as
                            education, environmental protection, and elderly care.


 Privacy & Data Security    Maintained certification under ISO/IEC 20000/27001, successfully
                            completing the annual external audits as well as internal and external IT
                            audits.

                            Achieved Level 3 certification under the Data Management Capability
                            Maturity Model (DCMM).

                            Received for the first time the Gold Award in Privacy-Friendly Awards from
                            the Office of the Privacy Commissioner for Personal Data, Hong Kong.

                            Delivered a total of 4,456 hours of information security training for
                            employees throughout the year.




        Environmental


     Climate Change         Completed climate scenario analysis and expanded the Scope 3
                            greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) calculations.

                            Conducted three large-scale climate-related training sessions, covering
                            topics such as emerging trends in the new energy industry trends and
                            sustainability disclosure requirements.
102   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


      OUR AWARDS AND RECOGNITIONS




                                01                                                                 02




                     09                         10                    11                           12




      Corporate Governance                                  Respecting and Protecting Employees’
                                                            Rights
      01   Good MPF Employer Award – Best All-round
           MPF Employer (Mandator y Provident Fund
                                                            04   The Racial Diversity and Inclusion Charter for
           Schemes Authority)
                                                                 Employers (Equal Opportunities Commission)
      02   Signed Business Sector Integrit y Charter        05   Bronze Award for Racial Equity in Hiring Award
           (Independent Commission Against Corruption)
                                                                 (Equal Opportunities Commission)

                                                            06   Bronze Award for Inclusive Workplace Award
                                                                 (Equal Opportunities Commission)
      Privacy and Data Security
                                                            07   Silver Award in the Digit al Accessibilit y
      03   Privacy-Friendly Awards – Gold Award (Office          Recognition Scheme (Hong Kong Internet
           of the Privacy Commissioner for Personal Data,        Registration Corporation Limited)
           Hong Kong)
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025          103




                                                                        SUSTAINABILITY REPORT




                        03                                    05   06                                  08




              13                                 14                                                    15




Employee Training and Development                     Investing In Our Workforce and Caring for
                                                      Their Health

08   ERB Manpower Developer Award Scheme –            10   H-Care Health-Friendly Scheme – Certificate of
     Manpower Developers (Employees Retraining             Appreciation (Chinese YMCA of Hong Kong)
     Board)
                                                      11   Happiness-at-work Promotional Scheme 2025
09   ERB Manpower Developer Award Scheme –                 – Happy Company 10 Years+ (Promoting
     Super MD (Employees Retraining Board)                 Happiness Index Foundation)

                                                      12   Workplace Mental Health Award (Department
                                                           of Health, Labour Department and
                                                           Occupational Safety & Health Council)

                                                      13   Harmony@Workplace Organisation
                                                           (Occupational Safety and Health Council)

                                                      14   G o o d E m p l oye r C h a r t e r a n d S u p p o r t i ve
                                                           Family-friendly Good Employer Logo (Labour
                                                           Department)

                                                      15   Family-Friendly Employer Award,
                                                           Breastfeeding-friendly Workplace Award &
                                                           Fight through Adversity Award (The Women’s
                                                           General Association of Macau)
104   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


      OUR AWARDS AND RECOGNITIONS




                 16                           17                      18                                   19




                  23                           24                    26                               27




      Our Commitment to Green and Low-                      Building a Culture of Giving
      carbon Development
      16   Good Level in Hong Kong Green Organisation       22   Y- C a r e C S R S ch e m e – B r o n z e Pa r t n e r,
           Certification Energywi$e Certificate (Hong            Long-term Partner and Outstanding Social
           Kong Productivity Council)                            Achievement Award (Chinese YMCA of Hong
                                                                 Kong)
      17   Good Level in Hong Kong Green Organisation
           Certification Wastewi$e Certificate (Hong Kong   23   15 Year Plus Caring Company Logo (The Hong
           Productivity Council)                                 Kong Council of Social Service)
      18   Carbon Audit • Green Partner (Environment        24   SDG Excellence Awards 2024/25 – Corporate
           and Ecology Bureau)                                   Award: Honourable Mention (Fair Trade Hong
                                                                 Kong)
      19   EcoPartner (Federation of Hong Kong Industries
           and Bank of China (Hong Kong))                   25   Partner Employer Award (The Hong Kong
                                                                 General Chamber of Small and Medium
      20   Outstanding Award in Green Supply Chain
                                                                 Business)
           Innovation and Technology at 2025 Hong
           Kong Sustainable Development Innovation          26   2025 Outst anding Corporate Volunteer in
           & Technology Awards (World Institute of               Macau (Association of Volunteer Social Service
           Sustainable Development Planners)                     Macao)
      21   ESG Pledge (The Chinese Manufacturers’
           Association of Hong Kong and The Hong Kong
           Brand Development Council)
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025      105




                                                                    SUSTAINABILITY REPORT




      20                      21                             22                               23




                     28                            29                                 30




Commitment to Premium Products and
Services


27   BEYOND Best Choice Awards, BEYOND                  31   Silver Award in The 50th Geneva International
     Innovation Awards (BEYOND Expo)                         Exhibition of Inventions

28   FreeWiFi.MO Service Coverage Award (Macao          32   CAHK STAR Award 2025 – Best Enterprise
     Post and Telecommunications Bureau)                     Solution Award (Communications Association of
                                                             Hong Kong)
29   AI-Oriented Business Innovation and Premium
     User Experience Award (IDATE DigiWorld)

30   AI-WAN Best Implementation Award (IPv6
     Forum)
106   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


      SUSTAINABILITY GOVERNANCE STRUCTURE
      Sound corporate governance forms the foundation of the Group’s sustainable growth. To build long-term
      value, we have progressively established a comprehensive sustainability management framework spanning all
      organisational levels and continue advancing related practices based on this foundation.

      The Board plays a pivotal role in ensuring that corporate governance aligns with the Group’s sustainable
      development and business interests, providing leadership over the sustainability governance structure. Our
      governance framework clearly defines the responsibilities and authorities across different levels. The Board
      is responsible for setting the overall ESG and climate-related strategies, and for overseeing the Group’s ESG
      performance, as well as climate-related risks and opportunities. To ensure that Board members possess the
      necessary expertise and capabilities to address climate-related risks and opportunities, the Group provides
      training on corporate sustainability matters. During the reporting period, Board members participated in capacity-
      building training on sustainability and climate-related topics, with a focus on the latest regulatory requirements
      and emerging trends in climate-related risks and opportunities.

      The Audit Committee oversees the implementation of ESG and climate-related strategies, and reviews progress
      against ESG and climate objectives, outcomes of materiality assessments, and the compliance of sustainability
      reporting. To enhance the monitoring of overall sustainability performance, the Group conducts annual
      performance evaluations of its management personnel, with remuneration adjustments determined based on
      assessment outcomes. These evaluations incorporate sustainability-related areas such as compliance with integrity
      requirements, management of key risks, accountability for production safety, and adherence to environmental
      regulations, thereby ensuring that management integrates sustainability considerations fully into operational
      decisions and duty execution.

      At the business unit level, subsidiaries conduct irregular discussions under the Group’s leadership to actively
      review their sustainability performance and systematically report annual progress to the Group at least once
      per year. To strengthen the coordinated leadership of ESG initiatives, the Group has established an “ESG
      Committee”. The Committee is chaired by the Chairman of the Group, with the Chief Executive Officer serving
      as the Vice Chairman, and other management as committee members. In addition, the Group has set up an ESG
      Office, whose core members include department heads of headquarters and major subsidiaries.




            The Board                        The highest level of leadership, responsible for accountability and strategic oversight
                                             of ESG and climate-related strategies and objectives.




                                                                Delegated authority by the Board to oversee the implementation
                                                                of ESG and climate-related strategies, review materiality analysis
                          Audit Committee                       outcomes, monitor progress against targets, and report to the
                                                                Board on the compliance of the sustainability report.




                                             Chaired by the Chairman of the Group, with the Chief Executive Officer as the
         ESG Committee                       Vice Chairman and other management as committee members, responsible for
                                             coordinating annual sustainability key initiatives and tracking performance.



                                             Comprised of department heads from the headquarters and major subsidiaries,
            ESG Office                       responsible for policy development and updates, data management, and reporting.
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025        107




                                                                       SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


STAKEHOLDER COMMUNICATION
The Group places a high priority on stakeholder feedback, regarding it as a key foundation for continuous
improvement. The ESG Office, comprising representatives from various departments and business units, actively
engages with stakeholders through diverse channels to maintain close interaction, thereby gaining a deeper
understanding of stakeholders’ expectations and key concerns regarding the Group’s sustainability strategy and
performance. The Group also proactively communicates its plans and principles in sustainability to different
stakeholders, ensuring that it can work collaboratively with them throughout its long-term development journey.




                                         Deeply
           Continuously                                         Actively
                                      Understand                                       Collaborate with
             Maintain                                         Communicate
                                      Expectations                                     Stakeholders to
               Close                                           Plans and
                                       and Points                                       Move Forward
            Interaction                                       Philosophies
                                       of Concern                                          Together




  Stakeholders and Investors
  •       Group annual reports and announcements
  •       General meetings
  •       Investors’ meetings
                                                             Suppliers and Partners
  •       Roadshows
  •       Group website                                      •    Establishment of supplier and business
  •       Surveys                                                 partner management system
                                                             •    Advocacy of green supply chain management
                                                                  and signing of environmental agreements
                                                                  with suppliers
                                                             •    Performance evaluation
  Customers                                                  •    Open tenders, invited to tenders and other
                                                                  regular meetings
  •       Regular visits and interviews
                                                             •    Surveys
  •       Customers satisfaction surveys
  •       Collection and analysis of customer service
          benchmarks


                                                             Non-government Organisations,
                                                              Community Groups, Media
  Staff                                                      •    Community welfare activities
  •       Employee Seminar                                   •    News releases, press conferences and
  •       Staff training and development                          presentations
          programmes                                         •    Regular meetings
  •       Performance management system
  •       Internal communications
  •       Staff suggestion box
  •       Surveys
108   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


      MATERIALITY ANALYSIS
      The Group conducts materiality analysis to understand stakeholders’ views on our sustainability strategy. In 2025,
      we reviewed the materiality analysis findings from the previous year. The assessment process comprised four
      steps, designed to identify and prioritise ESG issues that are material to both the Group and its stakeholders.




                                                                                            01
               Step 1: Issues Identification

               Industry trends were reviewed and performance was benchmarked against
               peers to identify ESG issues relevant to the Group.




                                                                                            02
               Step 2: Materiality Analysis
               Each identified ESG issue was analysed and assessed based on two
               dimensions: “importance to stakeholders” and “importance to the Group’s
               business”.




                                                                                            03
               Step 3: Issue Review
               Management reviewed the outcomes of the materiality analysis.




                                                                                            04
               Step 4: Confirmation of Material Topics

               The final list of material topics was confirmed and is disclosed with
               emphasis in this report to address stakeholders’ key concerns.
                                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025     109




                                                                                               SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


                                                             2025 CITIC Telecom Materiality Matrix



                                                                                                                                          10
                                                                                                                                     12
                                                                                                              1
                                                                                                2




Importance to stakeholders
                                                                                                                            21
                                                                                                                                     22
                                                                           20                        13                     11
                                                                           8                                      15
                                                  18                                     16               3                      9
                                                                                4
                                                                                                                       14
                                                         5
                                             6                       17
                                     7                       19




                                                              Importance to the Group’s business



                                             Most Material Topic                          Moderate Material Topic

                                             1         Energy                             4    Air emissions
                                             2         Waste                              5    Water
                                             3         Climate change management          6    Biodiversity
                             Environmental                                                7    Circular economy
                                                                                          8    GHG emissions



                                             9         Employee retention                 17   Diversity and equal opportunities
                                             10        Employee wellbeing                 18   Community investment
                                             11        Occupational health and safety     19   Human rights protection
                                             12        Training and development           20   Access to telecommunications
                                             13        Service and product innovation
                                Social
                                             14        Privacy and data security
                                             15        Premium products and services
                                             16        Supply chain management



                                             21        Standards of Business Ethics
                                             22        Corporate governance risk
                              Governance               management
110   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


      STRENGTHENING GOVERNANCE AND RISK MANAGEMENT
      Strengthening Corporate Governance

      The Group regards sound corporate governance as a fundamental driver of long-term development in the
      telecommunications industry, and as essential to safeguarding corporate value and sustainable growth. We have
      established a clear governance structure to ensure well-defined responsibilities, standardised processes, and
      strict adherence to business ethics, legal and regulatory requirements, and market rules, thereby protecting
      the shared interests of shareholders, employees, customers, and society. The Board undertakes strategic
      leadership and policy approval responsibilities, and strengthens oversight through the establishment of
      dedicated committees, including the Audit, Risk Management, Remuneration and Nomination Committees. For
      further details on Board members and other aspects of corporate governance, please refer to the “Corporate
      Governance“ section of this Annual Report (pages 51 to 74).

      Governance Policy

      The Group has developed and implemented a series of sustainability-related policies, which are regularly
      reviewed and updated to respond to changing external conditions and evolving community needs. The following
      are the Group’s key policies:




         Environment          •    Green Policy




            Social            •    Employee Handbook                     •    Safety Management Manual
                              •    Regulations on Employee Rewards       •    Health and Safety Policy
                                   and Misconducts                       •    Occupational Health and Safety
                              •    Regulations for the Selection and          Policy
                                   Appointment of Manager


         Governance           •    Risk Management Policy                •    Information Security Policy
                              •    Compliance Management Policy          •    Data Privacy Policy
                              •    Anti-corruption Policy                •    Intellectual Property Rights
                              •    Anti-bribery Policy                        Protection Policy
                              •    Anti-money Laundering Policy          •    Intellectual Property Management
                              •    Whistle-blowing Policy                     Policy
                              •    Anti-competitive Policy               •    Supplier Management Procedures
                                                                         •    Procurement Policy
                                                                         •    Code of Conduct
                                                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025         111




                                                                                                  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


Comprehensive Risk Management

In accordance with the Board’s guiding principles, the Group has established comprehensive risk management
and internal control mechanisms across all business areas, designed to systematically identify, assess and manage
various risks arising from operations.

Comprehensive Risk Management Structure

The Group’s comprehensive risk management framework is anchored in its corporate governance structure,
integrating the “Three Layers and Four Levels” model with the “Three Lines of Defence”.




                                                               The Board of Directors
                                                                 Audit Committees




        Second Line of Defence
                                                    Corporate Management
                                                    Risk Management Committee




                                                                                                      Third Line of Defence   Internal Audit   External Audit




        First Line of Defence
                                                       Departments and          Risk Management
                                 Internal Control
                                                        Business Units




The Board bears ultimate responsibility for maintaining the soundness and effectiveness of the comprehensive
risk management framework. The Audit Committee, acting on behalf of the Board, oversees the Group’s financial
reporting system and comprehensive risk management system, reviews and monitors the effectiveness of the
internal audit function, and evaluates corporate governance policies and practices. For detailed information on the
specific mandate, responsibilities and operations of the Audit Committee, please refer to the “Board Committees
– Audit Committee” section of this Annual Report (pages 63 to 64).

The Risk Management Department is responsible for coordinating and advancing risk management initiatives
across the Group, while relevant functional departments manage specific risk categories according to their
respective areas of expertise. Under the framework of the comprehensive risk management system, each member
unit continuously identifies and manages its own risk profile and reports relevant matters upward in a timely
manner as required.
112   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


      Risk Management Policy

      In developing the Group’s risk management framework, due consideration has been given to policy guidelines,
      regulatory requirements, and industry best practices, aligned with the Group’s business development strategy
      and control structure. Guided by its risk appetite, the Group has progressively established a multi-layered and
      multi-category risk management system, continuously enhancing its scope of application and management
      effectiveness. An integrated, cross-entity, multi-level risk appetite framework has been developed, employing a
      balanced approach of qualitative and quantitative assessments to define the overall risk capacity, risk tolerance
      thresholds, structural distribution, and individual risk limits, with a comprehensive process management
      mechanism for setting, transmission, implementation, monitoring, and reporting.

      Key policies and systems are designed to continuously refine the comprehensive risk management structure
      across all levels, while strengthening risk assessment and oversight of priority projects and core business activities.
      Through remote monitoring and on-site inspections, the Group comprehensively reviews the operational status,
      financial performance, and significant business developments of its subsidiaries to assess potential risks. For
      identified management gaps and emerging risks, a timely reporting mechanism is enforced, and responsible units
      are required to implement corrective actions under supervision, thereby enhancing the integrity and effectiveness
      of the Group’s risk management framework. Each subsidiary also designates dedicated departments or personnel,
      corresponding to its business nature and organisational scale, to manage risk-related responsibilities.

      Risk Management Procedure

      The Group has established a comprehensive and core-focused risk control process, built upon its risk strategy
      and risk appetite framework. Standardised and tiered management procedures are designed according to the
      characteristics of each business, enabling close integration of systems, processes, platforms, and data. We
      conduct regular risk identification and assessment, with enhanced analysis and monitoring of major projects and
      critical business activities. A risk information reporting system has been implemented to enable timely collection,
      analysis, communication, and sharing of risk intelligence. In addition, dedicated task forces are formed in
      response to significant risk events to facilitate effective risk resolution and mitigation. This establishes a complete
      control cycle – from risk identification and assessment, through monitoring and reporting, to corrective action
      and implementation, ensuring robust and systematic risk management across the organisation.

      Standards of Business Ethics

      The Group regards business ethics and integrity as fundamental pillars of sustainable corporate growth. A
      comprehensive business ethics policy framework has been established, covering employee conduct, anti-
      corruption, whistleblowing mechanisms, anti-money laundering, and supply chain management. The Group
      strictly adheres to legal and regulatory requirements in its operating jurisdictions concerning the prevention of
      commercial bribery, extortion, fraud, and money laundering, with all business operations subject to audit at least
      once every three years.

      The Audit Committee, chaired by an independent non-executive director, is responsible for overseeing matters
      relating to business ethics. It regularly reviews policies on regulatory compliance, codes of conduct, and
      corporate governance practices, and annually examines implementation and compliance reports to uphold the
      highest standards of operational integrity. During the reporting period, no cases of corruption, bribery, fraud,
      money laundering, or other violations of laws or regulations were identified within the Group.
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025         113




                                                                         SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


This year, the Group signed the “Business Sector Integrity Charter”, jointly initiated by the Independent
Commission Against Corruption (“ICAC”) and the Chinese General Chamber of Commerce in Hong Kong.
Through this commitment, the Group publicly pledges to actively implement the integrity management system
to strengthen ethical business practices, contribute to a fair and transparent business environment, and convey a
strong, positive message against corruption.

The Group has established the following core policies to ensure the comprehensiveness and effectiveness of its
business ethics management:




                                The Group has established a Code of Conduct as the core document governing
                                employee behaviour and disciplinar y requirements, complemented by
                                mechanisms for conflict of interest declarations and procurement management
                                procedures, forming a comprehensive business ethics management framework.
                                All employees are required to strictly adhere to the Code of Conduct and
                                comply with the conflict of interest disclosure requirements. The Group provides
                                clear policy guidance on business ethics, procurement process oversight,
                                and personal conduct, covering areas such as bribery, acceptance of gifts and
                                conflicts of interest.
Employee Code of Conduct
                                Annually, the Group assesses compliance with ethical standards through internal
                                and external review processes, including regulatory benchmarking, internal
                                control audits, and self-assessments. Findings from these reviews inform
                                necessary revisions and enhancements to the Code of Conduct, ensuring that
                                ethical standards are effectively upheld and implemented. For any breach of the
                                rules, the Group has established a clear disciplinary procedure to reinforce its
                                commitment to maintaining the highest standards of ethical conduct.




                                The Group has established an Anti-corruption Policy, which clearly requires
                                directors, management and all employees to comply with relevant anti-corruption
                                laws and regulations, uphold the highest standards of professional and ethical
                                conduct when carrying out Group business and strictly adhere to applicable
                                laws in Hong Kong and other jurisdictions where the Group operates, such as
                                Hong Kong’s Prevention of Bribery Ordinance (Cap. 201). The policy adopts a
                                zero-tolerance approach towards any violations, aiming to eliminate improper
                                practices such as commercial bribery, extortion, fraud and money laundering
                                while safeguarding fair competition and ethical business operations. The Anti-
                                corruption Policy has been published on the Group’s intranet and corporate
Anti-bribery and Anti-          website for easy access by all employees and the public.
corruption Policies
                                The Group has also established the Measures for Executive’s Integrity and
                                Treatment of Violations, designed to prevent conflicts of interest, bribery,
                                insider trading, and the acceptance of improper gifts or commissions. Through
                                a rigorous declaration system and a clearly defined disciplinary framework,
                                appropriate actions are taken according to the severity of any breach, including
                                reporting to government authorities or referring cases to the ICAC or judicial
                                bodies for legal proceedings. These regulations have been posted on the Group’s
                                intranet for employee reference and are reinforced through regular awareness
                                campaigns to enhance employee understanding and commitment.
114   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT




                                 To establish accessible feedback channels and uphold the Group’s business
                                 ethics, the Group has implemented a Whistleblowing Policy that clearly sets
                                 out the relevant principles and procedures. Employees and external partners
                                 (such as clients, suppliers, and other stakeholders) who become aware of any
                                 improper conduct – including fraud, corruption, or breaches of Group policies or
                                 the Code of Conduct, may submit anonymous reports via email or by post to a
                                 dedicated mailbox to the Head of Internal Audit, the Chairman of the Group, or
                                 the Chairman of the Audit Committee. In particular, the postal reporting method
                                 provides an additional layer of protection for the whistleblower’s identity. All
                                 personal data disclosed during the reporting process is strictly confidential, and
                                 any form of retaliation, including discrimination, harassment, intimidation, unjust
                                 disciplinary action, or solicitation of financial gain, is strictly prohibited. The
                                 Whistleblowing Policy has been published on the Group’s intranet and corporate
                                 website for easy access by all employees and the general public.

                                 The Group actively encourages employees to raise concerns without fear of
                                 retaliation. Should a complaint regarding retaliation be received, an immediate
                                 investigation will be initiated. Depending on the circumstances, appropriate
      Whistle-blowing Policy     protection and support will be provided to the whistleblower, with corresponding
                                 actions taken and recommendations submitted to the Group Chairman. If an
                                 employee is found to have engaged in retaliatory conduct, disciplinary measures
                                 will be imposed in accordance with internal procedures; in serious cases, the
                                 matter may be referred to the relevant judicial authorities. Conversely, if a report
                                 is found to be false or made in bad faith, the individual concerned will also be
                                 subject to disciplinary action.

                                 To ensure fair and impartial assessment and investigation of all reports, all
                                 cases are formally recorded, with the Internal Audit Department responsible for
                                 review and investigation. The process and findings are reported directly to the
                                 Chairman of the Group. The Audit Committee oversees the effectiveness of the
                                 Whistleblowing Policy and related systems. Furthermore, if a whistleblower is
                                 dissatisfied with the investigation outcome or the actions taken, a formal appeal
                                 mechanism enables them to submit a request for further review to the Chairman
                                 of the Group, Chief Executive Officer, or Chairman of the Audit Committee.



                                 In conducting procurement activities, the Group strictly prohibits employees
                                 from soliciting or accepting any improper benefits from suppliers, including
                                 monetary payments, gifts, or other forms of bribery. Suppliers are evaluated
                                 and selected based on objective criteria such as professional competence,
                                 price competitiveness, quality standards, and delivery reliability. The Group is
                                 committed to maintaining transparency throughout the procurement process
                                 and ensures that all relevant documentation and records are complete, accurate,
                                 and properly maintained. To manage collaboration risks, we assess suppliers’
                                 backgrounds, market reputations, and past compliance performance to identify
      Supplier Anti-Corruption
                                 suitable partners.
      Policy
                                 In addition to requiring internal adherence to the Anti-corruption Policy, the
                                 Group encourages all business partners, including contractors and suppliers,
                                 to uphold the same ethical standards. This promotes a supply chain governed
                                 by high business ethics and ensures fairness and transparency in commercial
                                 dealings. Currently, anti-corruption provisions have been incorporated into
                                 contracts with certain suppliers, and the Group plans to progressively extend
                                 their application. Going forward, all suppliers will be required to establish
                                 their own anti-corruption policies and implement corresponding management
                                 measures as a condition of engagement.
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025     115




                                                                                     SUSTAINABILITY REPORT




                                            The Group places strong emphasis on ethical standards and has established,
                                            and continues to enhance, its Anti-Money Laundering Policy, which was
                                            reviewed and revised during the current year. To strengthen the implementation
                                            framework, a clear anti-money laundering organisational structure has been
                                            established, with well-defined roles and responsibilities for supervisory units,
                                            enabling them to collectively fulfil their regulatory obligations in accordance
                                            with functional specialisation. The policy also sets out designated reporting
                                            channels and procedures for handling violations, ensuring that all employees
                                            are fully aware of the Group’s commitment to ethical principles and its stringent
A n t i - M o n ey L a u n d e r i n g      expectations regarding personal conduct.
Policy
                                            This policy is designed to prevent and deter money laundering and terrorist
                                            financing activities, while ensuring that the Group and all personnel comply
                                            with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. The updated policy has been
                                            published in full on the Group’s intranet for employee reference and access. For
                                            further details on compliant operations and risk assessment procedures, please
                                            refer to the “Risk Management“ section of this Annual Report (pages 39 to 49).




Employee Business Ethics and Anti-Corruption Training

To strengthen corporate ethics and compliance awareness, the Group continues to deliver systematic training
programmes for all employees and personnel across functional departments, including full-time, part-time, and
contract staff. Training modules cover a range of topics, including anti-bribery and compliance management, anti-
corruption practices, and prevention of money laundering and terrorist financing. These initiatives aim to enhance
employees’ understanding of integrity requirements and relevant regulations, as well as deepen their familiarity
with the Group’s and its subsidiaries’ codes of conduct. Materials on anti-corruption and business integrity have
also been uploaded to the Group’s internal learning platform, enabling employees to access them at any time.

New joiners are required to sign a declaration upon onboarding, confirming that they have read, understood,
and agreed to comply with the integrity provisions set out in the Group’s Code of Conduct. Mandatory training
on integrity and business ethics is also incorporated into the induction programme. The Group regularly
communicates key policy messages to all employees, reaffirming their obligation to uphold ethical standards and
maintain integrity, thereby reinforcing a strong culture of compliance.

During the year, the Group delivered a total of 2,746 hours of anti-corruption training to directors and employees.




                                         During the year, the Group delivered a total of      2,746
                                         hours of anti-corruption training to directors and employees.
116   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


      Privacy and Data Security

      Information Security Responsibility System

      The Group regards information security and data privacy as integral components of corporate governance and
      risk management and has established a top-down management framework. The management bears primary
      responsibility for overseeing information technology and information security matters, ensuring that relevant
      policies are effectively implemented and that accountability is clearly defined. To strengthen protection,
      the Group has established an Information Technology Leadership Team, which is specifically responsible for
      addressing security matters involving customer personal data, and requires all subsidiaries to establish and
      maintain robust information security management systems. The Board incorporates information security into
      corporate governance, culture, and strategic planning, and is responsible for supervising and evaluating
      related initiatives. Senior management is responsible for approving strategic objectives and policies, while the
      Information Technology Leadership Team reviews IT development plans and risk policies, and coordinates the
      resolution of major information technology risks and security issues.

      The Group has established a suite of information security and privacy policies applicable to all business lines
      and subsidiaries, including the Information Security Policy, Threat Intelligence and Vulnerability Management
      Policy, Security Incident Handling Procedure, Cloud Services Security Policy, Data Leakage Prevention Policy, and
      Data Privacy Policy. These policies provide a unified framework for the processing of customer data, vulnerability
      management, and the transmission and disclosure of sensitive information, aiming to prevent data breaches. At
      the same time, the Group strictly complies with all applicable local data protection laws and regulations, including
      but not limited to the Data Security Law of the People’s Republic of China, Personal Information Protection Law of
      the People’s Republic of China, Hong Kong’s Personal Data (Privacy) Ordinance, the EU General Data Protection
      Regulation (GDPR), and Singapore’s Personal Data Protection Act (PDPA).

      Privacy and Data Security Training

      The Group continues to provide privacy and information security training to all employees, including full-time,
      part-time, and contract staff. The training curriculum covers a range of areas, including compliance with laws
      and regulations, analysis of external security threats, password usage standards, phishing attack prevention,
      cyber defence exercises, risks related to artificial intelligence, and information technology security policies.
      Through structured training programmes, the Group not only strengthens employees’ awareness and protective
      capabilities but also ensures the effective safeguarding of customer and employee privacy and personal data in
      daily operations.

      This year, the Group provided a total of 4,456 hours of information security training to employees. We enhanced
      awareness of information security through a variety of initiatives, including specialised training sessions on AI
      applications and risk management, practical workshops addressing phishing and artificial intelligence-related
      risks, and participation in online seminars hosted by the Office of the Privacy Commissioner for Personal Data,
      Hong Kong. These efforts have continuously strengthened employees’ understanding of information security
      policies and their ability to respond to emerging risks.




                                   This year, the Group provided a total of   4,456 hours of
                                   information security training to employees.
                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025    117




                                                                                       SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


Information Protection Technology

Th e G r o u p h a s l a u n ch e d a n ew Tru s t C S I ™ 3.0 C l o u d S h i e l d
cybersecurity solution, integrating artificial intelligence and
modernised Security Operations Centre technologies to significantly
enhance corporate protection capabilities and security management
standards. Through the SOC4Future development strategy, we have
re-engineered key service architectures, transforming our network and
information defence mechanisms from reactive response to proactive
monitoring, enabling client organisations adapt to an evolving threat
                                                                                                TrustCSI™ 3.0
landscape. The Group engages independent external parties annually
to conduct information security reviews, supported by comprehensive
assessments aligned with relevant international ISO standards.


The Group performs organisation-wide vulnerability scanning on a monthly basis and regularly updates the
malware databases of its antivirus gateways and email security systems. High-risk viruses or malicious code
that are detected are subject to immediate analysis and remediation. To meet the demands of remote working,
the Group has fully implemented multi-factor authenticated virtual private networks (VPNs) to reduce potential
security exposure associated with remote access. Furthermore, the Hong Kong subsidiary has leveraged rapidly
advancing artificial intelligence technology to develop an “AI Visual Security”. This platform transcends traditional
security frameworks by employing intelligent algorithms, including weakly supervised regularisation, visual
computing, and neural networks, to convert data sets into image features for the detection of potential malware.

To safeguard personal and sensitive data, the Group has implemented a range of technical measures, including:




    Access Control Technologies                  Data Encryption Technologies            Network Security Technologies

    S u ch a s a u t h e n t i c a t i o n ,     Including encryption of data            Such as firewalls, vpns and
    permission management                        in transit and at rest, and de-         network segmentation
    and minimum permission                       identification techniques
    principle, and access
    restrictions




In addition, the Group further reduces the risk of data leakage through log monitoring systems (such as Trust
CSI real-time activity logging), Data Loss Prevention (DLP) technologies (such as URL identification and filtering),
backup and recovery technologies (including regular backups and disaster recovery planning), and physical
security controls (such as data centre security and access control systems).

At the same time, by integrating secure development practices (including code reviews and security testing) with
staff training and awareness initiatives (such as routine training and social engineering exercises), the Group has
established a multi-layered defence framework to comprehensively safeguard personal and sensitive information.
118   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


      Consumer Data Protection

      The Group strictly complies with all applicable data protection laws and regulations in the jurisdictions where
      it operates and actively promotes the establishment of comprehensive privacy protection frameworks across
      the Group and its subsidiaries. Privacy safeguards are embedded into daily operational processes to ensure
      that all customer data collection activities are conducted in a regulated and transparent manner. In delivering
      and enhancing services, we are committed to protecting customers’ privacy and safeguarding their rights and
      interests.

      When handling personal information, employees are required to follow data protection guidelines by clearly
      informing customers of the purpose, rationale, methods, and scope of data collection, and must obtain their
      consent prior to any collection. The collection process must be lawful, reasonable, and proportionate, with all
      customer data securely protected to prevent unauthorised or unlawful processing. Customers may access their
      personal information at any time and submit requests for inquiries or corrections via dedicated customer service
      hotlines or email channels. Upon termination of service, customers may also request the permanent deletion of
      their personal data in accordance with relevant terms and conditions.

      All collected data are subject to defined retention periods, after which they are irreversibly destroyed. Customer
      data are obtained exclusively through lawful and legitimate means, and personal data processing activities must
      serve a clear and justifiable purpose, avoiding excessive collection. When employees access or process customer
      personal information in the course of their duties, such handling is strictly limited to legal compliance, customer
      service, and legitimate business needs. Appropriate confidentiality measures are applied, and data are disclosed
      only to authorised personnel within the Group who require access for their roles, and solely for purposes
      compatible with the original collection intent. Furthermore, the Group consistently fulfils its confidentiality and
      data protection obligations under agreements with third parties. Personal data are not collected from third parties
      unless required by law. The Group conducts annual internal audits, complemented by external independent ISO
      27001 certification audits performed by third parties, both of which include data security assessment components.
      Regular information security awareness training is also provided to employees to ensure the continued
      effectiveness and resilience of the Group’s data protection framework.

      Measures to Address Data Breaches

      The Group has established a systematic data classification and protection framework, applying corresponding
      management controls according to the sensitivity and importance of information. All data are stored in
      accordance with defined security standards and protected through strict access controls, ensuring that only
      authorised personnel may access relevant information on a need-to-know basis. The Group continuously employs
      technical and administrative measures to maintain the integrity and security of personal data.

      To minimise the risk of customer data leakage, the Group adheres to the minimum collection principles,
      collecting only the minimum amount of personal information necessary to fulfil specific business purposes. The
      collection and use of all personal data are based on clear and legitimate objectives. Employees are required to
      clearly communicate the purpose of data collection and strictly follow established procedures when gathering
      information. The Group has defined specific retention periods for each data category, ensuring that data are
      retained solely for the duration necessary to achieve the intended purpose. Where personal data are processed
      by third parties, contractual or legal safeguards are implemented to ensure compliance with the Group’s policies
      and applicable regulatory requirements.
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025         119




                                                                          SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


In addition, the Group conducts regular information security incident simulation exercises to strengthen
employees’ capabilities in responding to data breaches and other security incidents, enabling prompt reaction
and effective risk mitigation. Robust access control mechanisms further reinforce data protection by permitting
only authorised personnel to access sensitive information.

In addressing potential security incidents, the Group has established comprehensive response measures. A
dedicated team has been formed to review the overall cybersecurity risk landscape and monitor suspicious
network traffic and activities to defend against cyber threats. The Group has also implemented internal
information security policies that define required actions in the event of a security incident. Incidents are
classified according to severity, with clearly defined response timeframes to ensure that they are managed swiftly,
effectively, and in a structured manner, thereby minimising or eliminating any adverse impact on the Group.

Supplier Data Protection Management

In product contracts involving data protection, the Group collaborates with partners to classify and grade
the relevant data and agrees on protective measures that are both compliant with applicable regulations and
operationally feasible, based on the required level of protection for each data type. The Group strictly adheres to
its Data Privacy Policy when processing and using personal data. This policy clearly documents the nature of the
personal data stored, the purposes for which it is collected and processed, as well as the legal and operational
requirements governing data retention.

Prior to permitting any external party to access the Group’s information or processing facilities, a comprehensive
security risk assessment is conducted, including a review of data security controls. Where necessary, the Group
enters into confidentiality Non-Disclosure Agreement (NDA) or Data Processing Agreement (DPA) with clients
or suppliers. In addition, the Group has established a Service Provider Management Policy to govern and
standardise all related third-party relationships, ensuring alignment with the Group’s data protection and security
standards.

System Certification

The Group and its subsidiaries are committed to delivering high-quality services and ensuring operational
security. All in-house data centres, as well as the IT services provided by the Hong Kong and Macau subsidiaries,
have obtained certification under the ISO/IEC 27001 Information Security Management System standard,
reinforcing the robustness and effectiveness of the Group’s management systems. The Group is actively
expanding the scope of its ISO/IEC 27001 certification from traditional network services to smart transformation
services, positioning itself as the most comprehensively certified enterprise in the local telecommunications
industry and continuously demonstrating its commitment as a trusted guardian of the network. For details on
other system certifications, please refer to the “Delivering Quality Service” section of this report (pages 132 to
134).
120   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


      Sustainable Supply Chain Management

      The Group operates across multiple global markets and has established partnership relationships with numerous
      suppliers to jointly uphold commitments to business ethics and social responsibility. To ensure fairness and
      transparency in procurement activities, the Code of Conduct clearly sets out the requirement for procurement
      personnel to adhere to professional ethics and anti-bribery regulations. In parallel, end-to-end oversight is
      implemented through the Procurement Policy, ensuring that the procurement of all goods and services complies
      with the highest ethical standards and meets stringent requirements for quality and efficiency.

      The Group’s supply chain management policy applies to all partnership relationships and is underpinned by the
      following unified management framework:



                                      A systematic control mechanism governing the selection, assessment,
        Supplier
                                      evaluation, and exit of suppliers, designed to ensure the Group procures
        Management
                                      the most suitable products and services while effectively monitoring and
        Procedures
                                      mitigating potential risks within the supply chain.




        Anti-Corruption               Provisions incorporated into all purchase orders that strictly prohibit any
        Procurement Terms             form of bribery and conflicts of interest. In the event of a breach by a
        and Conditions                supplier, the Group will immediately terminate the contractual relationship.



      Compliance and Risk Management in Procurement

      The tendering process is monitored throughout by the Group’s internal audit function, with a post-tender review
      conducted to enhance the effectiveness of procurement management. For major tenders, tender documents
      include explicit warnings against bid-rigging, and bidders are required to sign an anti-collusion agreement prior
      to participation, underscoring the Group’s commitment to integrity and regulatory compliance. The procurement
      team rigorously implements internal supply chain controls to eliminate bribery, commissions, fraud, and other
      improper conduct. The team regularly reviews information issued by the Competition Commission to assess
      whether any existing suppliers are associated with non-compliant activities.

      Employees are expected to uphold the highest standards of integrity and ethical conduct. Personnel involved
      in procurement are required to submit conflict of interest declarations in accordance with Group policies at
      the commencement of each procurement process and must make annual declarations for all ongoing supplier
      relationships. These measures ensure that procurement and supplier management adhere to high ethical
      standards and the principles of fair procurement, safeguarding the integrity and transparency of the procurement
      process and protecting the Group’s reputation and core values. The Group promotes transparent and efficient
      disclosure of interests by providing accessible reporting channels and requires suppliers to proactively disclose
      and report any potential conflicts of interest with employees involved in the procurement process.

      The Group has established a Centralised Procurement Management Committee comprising management
      representatives and professionals from the Finance, Legal & Compliance, Internal Audit, and other relevant
      departments. The Committee is responsible for strengthening and enhancing centralised procurement
      governance, including reviewing key procurement policies, deliberating on significant procurement matters
      and projects that have a material impact on business operations and development, and overseeing other
      critical management and supervisory issues related to procurement activities. It also approves the centralised
      procurement catalogue and thresholds for open tendering, and reviews procurement plans and their
      implementation status.
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025         121




                                                                         SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


Intellectual Property Protection

To foster a culture of scientific research and sustain innovation, the Group has established a comprehensive
intellectual property protection framework. This system is designed to systematically safeguard technological
achievements and innovative assets, while strengthening internal research and development capabilities, thereby
laying a solid foundation for technological breakthroughs and service enhancements in the telecommunications
sector.

The Group’s intellectual property management framework applies to all operating units and employees,
underpinned by the following unified structure:



                                Requires all employees to comply with relevant laws relating to copyright,
                                trademarks, and patents. Any use of materials involving intellectual
                                property, such as logos or images, must be supported by a signed written
  Intellectual
                                authorisation agreement and formal approval prior to use. Employees
  Property Right
                                are expected to act within reasonable limits to avoid any conduct that
  Protection Policy
                                may expose the Group to legal risk. Compliance with the Copyright
                                Ordinance and the protection of intellectual property rights are explicitly
                                communicated during new employee induction training.




                                Defines the internal intellectual property management structure of the
                                Group, encourages departments and employees to pursue innovation, and
                                requires subsidiaries to enhance collaboration in protecting the Group’s
  Intellectual
                                rights and taking appropriate action against infringement. When using
  Property
                                third-party intellectual property, a formal licensing agreement must be
  Management Policy
                                executed. Similarly, any transfer of the Group’s IP rights or authorisation
                                for third-party use must undergo a formal assessment and be documented
                                through a signed agreement.




To combat infringement, piracy, and counterfeit or substandard products, members of innovation teams across
the Group and its subsidiaries are required to sign a written Research Integrity Pledge annually. This commitment
ensures that no acts of plagiarism, misappropriation, or infringement of third-party intellectual property rights
occur, reinforcing a culture of ethical innovation and respect for intellectual property across the organisation.
122   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


      INVESTING IN OUR WORKFORCE AND CARING FOR THEIR HEALTH
      Respecting and Protecting Employees’ Rights

      The Group firmly believes that employees are the key drivers of sustainable growth and innovation. Guided
      by the core human resource management principles of “Selection, Cultivation, Placement, Management
      and Retention” and “Strengthening the Enterprise through Talent”, we attract top talent through diversified
      recruitment, enhance professional capabilities via systematic training, optimise human resources by deploying
      talent effectively, safeguard labour rights to ensure a fair workplace, and retaining talent with long-term incentive
      mechanisms. We are committed to creating an attractive and development-oriented working environment that
      builds a robust talent pipeline and drives continuous business progress. We are committed to respecting and
      safeguarding human rights across our operations and value chain, adhering to internationally recognised human
      rights standards, and striving to build an equitable and safe environment for employees, communities, and all
      stakeholders.

      Diversity and Equal Opportunities

      The Group is committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive working environment. The Group’s Employee
      Handbook sets out in detail procedures relating to remuneration and termination, recruitment and promotion,
      working hours and leave arrangements, and clearly articulates principles of equal opportunity and diversity and
      inclusion, actively promoting equality and embracing diversity through concrete actions.

      The Group strictly complies with all applicable labour laws and regulations in Hong Kong and other jurisdictions
      in which it operates, including but not limited to the Employment Ordinance (Cap. 57), the Sex Discrimination
      Ordinance, the Disability Discrimination Ordinance, the Family Status Discrimination Ordinance, and the Race
      Discrimination Ordinance. The use of child labour and forced labour is strictly prohibited across all business
      operations. As of 2025, there have been no incidents of unlawful conduct or non-compliance with these
      regulations related to discrimination within the Group.

      The Group does not tolerate any form of discrimination on the grounds of race, gender, religion, place of
      origin, nationality, marital status, sexual orientation, disability, veteran status, or any other grounds. The Human
      Resources department is responsible for driving related policies and providing corresponding training and
      support. Equal employment is a core principle of the Group’s human resource management, and we strictly
      adhere to legislation on equality and anti-discrimination, actively cultivating a corporate culture that is diverse,
      fair, and inclusive.

      In recruitment and promotion, we comply with local labour laws and uphold the principle of merit-based
      appointment, ensuring that the entire selection process is fair and free from discrimination. Certain subsidiaries
      engage licensed employment agencies for recruitment, with dedicated departments conducting rigorous
      oversight to maintain compliance and transparency. During the year, the Group enhanced employee awareness
      of equal employment through new staff induction programmes, thematic seminars, and educational activities,
      continuously reinforcing employees’ understanding of respect, equality, and anti-discrimination. Subsidiaries
      also invited experts from the Equal Opportunities Commission to deliver specialised talks and appointed Equal
      Employment Officers to ensure the effective implementation of related policies.
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025         123




                                                                         SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


Attracting and Retaining Talent

Employees are the core drivers of the Group’s sustainable development. The Group has established a
performance-based assessment and reward mechanism through its Regulations on Employee Rewards and
Misconducts. In parallel, the Regulations for the Selection and Appointment of Manager clearly define the
eligibility criteria and procedural requirements for personnel selection and appointment. The Human Resources
department conducts rigorous evaluations of each candidate and regularly reports assessment outcomes and
appointment recommendations at management personnel meetings, ensuring that all employees have equitable
access to promotion opportunities.

Regarding external recruitment, we continue to expand its diversified talent sourcing channels, including online
job platforms, campus recruitments, and Greater Bay Area job fairs, while actively leveraging social media
to enhance corporate visibility. We also deepen collaboration with higher education institutions by offering
internship programmes and corporate visits, fostering stronger integration between academia and industry.

The Group fully leverages the strategic advantages of the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area,
utilising mainland employment platforms and Hong Kong’s various talent attraction schemes, such as the
Top Talent Pass Scheme, the Admission of Mainland Talents and Professionals Scheme, and the Immigration
Arrangements for Non-local Graduates, to attract international professional talent and progressively build a high-
calibre talent pool.

Regarding internal talent development, we have launched the Graduate Trainee Programme, which supports
newly hired graduates in integrating practical experience with personal growth through rotational assignments,
thematic training, mentorship, and cross-functional learning, and enable systematic talent development. We
continue to enhance our training and development platforms, providing clear career progression pathways and
diverse development platforms, and regularly reviews our compensation and benefits system to maintain overall
fairness and market competitiveness. To recognise employee contributions, multiple recognition schemes have
been established, including the annual “The Best Manager” and “The Best Employee” awards, based on annual
performance appraisal results and overall performance, as well as the “Long Service Award” to honour employees
for their sustained dedication and contributions, thereby strengthening employees’ sense of belonging and sense
of identity.
124   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


      Open and Two-way Communication

      To enhance employee engagement and sense of belonging, the Group has established diverse communication
      channels to facilitate dialogue on key topics such as business development, organisational changes, workplace
      environment, and training and development. Primary communication methods include the Group’s dedicated
      internal communication platform, suggestion boxes located on each office floor, regular employee surveys, and
      standing employee forums.

      Feedback is collected through multiple channels, including post-activity and post-training evaluation forms,
      the annual employee opinion survey, and exit interviews conducted upon employee departure, which help to
      understand reasons for resignation and gather perspectives on Group policies, management practices, and
      work arrangements. Based on the feedback gathered, we adjust the Group’s policies and initiatives accordingly
      and hold cross-departmental collaboration meetings to jointly explore ways to address employee feedback
      from various angles and to develop concrete improvement measures. The Group respects employees’ right to
      collective bargaining. In accordance with applicable legal requirements in each operating location, we actively
      maintain two-way and effective communication with employee trade unions.

      In 2025, the Group made significant progress in further strengthening employee care and engagement initiatives:




          Through the CITIC Telecom              The “Cross-Business Unit                The “Reward Scheme on
          Social Community, a range              Intranet” was launched to               Participating Staff Activities”
          of activities, including cultural      enhance information sharing             was introduced to encourage
          training, volunteer services,          and communication between               colleagues to actively engage
          and recreational competitions          the Group headquarters and              in corporate and socially
          were organised, to promote             its subsidiaries.                       sustainable development
          collaboration and interaction                                                  initiatives.
          among employees.




      Employee Compensation and Benefits

      As a leading enterprise in the telecommunications industry, the Group has established a comprehensive and
      competitive compensation and benefits framework. We not only provide statutory remuneration and mandatory
      benefits in compliance with the law, but also design incentive mechanisms closely linked to performance, ensuring
      that our compensation structure is capable of attracting top industry talent while effectively motivating employees
      to achieve outstanding performance and enabling shared growth between individuals and the organisation.

      The Group clearly outlines all monetary and non-monetary benefits in the Employee Handbook, covering base
      salaries, performance-linked annual bonuses and sales commissions, various allowances, leave arrangements,
      medical coverage, employees’ compensation insurance and other related insurance schemes, retirement benefits,
      and employee telecommunications services. Through well-structured leave policies, we support employees in
      maintaining a healthy balance between professional responsibilities and personal life. In addition, the Group
      provides comprehensive employees’ compensation insurance coverage for all employees, ensuring full protection
      and support in the event of workplace accidents or injuries.
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025         125




                                                                        SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


Compensation Management

The Group implements a compensation structure directly linked to performance and contribution and has
fully adopted a variable pay system to encourage employee excellence. We have established fair performance
appraisal and reward schemes and utilise an electronic evaluation system to regularly assess employee
performance. Year-end bonuses and sales commissions are determined based on the Group’s operational results,
individual performance ratings, and sales data, thereby reinforcing a culture of recognition and ensuring pay
equity. Management regularly reviews compensation and benefits levels, making adjustments and enhancements
in alignment with business development. In addition, the Group provides transparent and diverse career
progression pathways; employees who demonstrate outstanding performance and meet internal promotion
criteria are considered for advancement through a formal review process. We also periodically review retirement
arrangements and offer retirement planning seminars to support employees in preparing for their future.

To strengthen governance over senior management remuneration, the Group has est ablished the
“Implementation Policy of Remuneration Clawback Mechanism”, which creates a balanced compensation
mechanism that aligns incentives and accountability, enhances risk management awareness, and helps prevent
unlawful, non-compliant, or negligent conduct. Under this policy, if senior executives or responsible personnel
violate local regulatory requirements, are subject to takeover measures by regulators or their delegated bodies,
trigger significant risk events, cause serious disruption to market order, or inflict substantial damage on the
Group’s assets or reputation, the Group will enforce the recovery of their remuneration. This policy ensures a
balanced approach between incentive compensation and risk control, reinforcing a strong sense of responsibility
and compliance among senior management.

During the year, the Group was once again awarded the highest-tier “Best All-round MPF Employer Award”
accolade by the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Authority and has been recognised as an “MPF Good
Employer” for over eleven consecutive years, demonstrating our consistent excellence in fulfilling statutory
employer obligations and complying with MPF-related regulations.

Employee Benefits

The Group provides statutory employee benefits in accordance with the laws and regulations of the countries
or regions in which it operates, and provides other benefits to employees in accordance with local industry
conditions and company policies to attract and retain talents. The Hong Kong headquarters provides employees
with lunch and shuttle transportation services to support their daily work needs. Additionally, the “Happy
Wednesday” afternoon tea initiative is implemented, offering fruits, desserts, and beverages to alleviate
employees’ stress and enhance job satisfaction. Employees at the Hong Kong headquarters also entitled to a
range of additional benefits, including dental care coverage, festival leave and shopping discounts.
126   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


      Employee Training and Development

      The Group values employees’ personal development and professional growth, adhering to the training
      philosophy of “optimisation of professional performance, motivation of employees’ potentials, and revitalisation
      of learning culture”. We actively invest resources in internal and external training and development programmes,
      regularly review departmental performance, and provide targeted professional development opportunities
      and diverse learning platforms to encourage ongoing advancement and ensure alignment with global leading
      telecommunications and telecommunication technologies and services.

      To advance the Group’s talent development strategy, multiple large-scale talent exchange forums were held
      during the year, including the “CITIC Telecom International Group Work Conference 2025” and the Headquarter
      Young Employees Forum. Through diverse internal and external training initiatives, we promote cross-regional
      knowledge sharing and experience transfer, strengthening business integration and collaborative effectiveness.

      The Group has established a systematic training policy framework, with tailored development programmes
      designed for general staff, young talent, mid-level managers, and directors/senior executives, ensuring that
      employees at all levels have access to appropriate learning opportunities and career progression pathways.
      Training teams from the Group’s Hong Kong and Macau subsidiaries conduct annual training needs surveys to
      understand employees’ learning requirements, which serve as key reference input for planning the following
      year’s training programmes.

      Training and Development for General Staff

      Our training strategy focuses on creating diverse learning and development opportunities for employees,
      enhancing the knowledge and skills required to perform their roles effectively, and driving technological
      innovation, operational efficiency, and new product development capabilities. We regularly offer training
      programmes categorised into the following three core areas:




                 Technical Training                    Soft Skills Training            Legal and Compliance Training

          Covering topics such as Greater         Including courses on creativity      Addressing key issues such as
          Bay Area study visits, workshops on     and the application of psychology,   sanctions risk management,
          artificial intelligence applications    situational leadership, team         procurement compliance, intellectual
          and decision-making, creative           building, occupational health, and   property and generative AI, data
          thinking, and digital and intelligent   leadership development.              protection, prevention of sexual
          innovation sharing sessions.                                                 harassment, and anti-corruption
                                                                                       practices.




      To strengthen employee awareness of climate-related risks and sustainability, we have delivered a series of
      climate-focused training sessions covering practical energy efficiency and carbon reduction measures, ESG
      development trends in the new energy sector and net-zero transition, as well as the implications and strategic
      responses to International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) requirements for corporate ESG disclosures.
      Through thematic seminars and interactive activities, we support employees in integrating climate risk
      management and decarbonisation considerations into business decision-making processes.
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025   127




                                                                               SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


Internship and Young Talent Schemes

The Group is committed to nurturing the next generation of management and technical talent, providing training
and development opportunities for young individuals aspiring to build careers in the telecommunications sector.
We recruit young talent through multiple channels, including campus recruitment in collaboration with local
tertiary institutions, online job postings, and virtual hiring events. Key initiatives undertaken during the year
include:



         The Macau subsidiary’s continued participation in the internship programme, attracting both local and
         overseas graduates to join the organisation.



         The launch of Youth Technical Talent Development Programme, designed to support young technicians in
         systematically acquiring telecommunications expertise and progressively developing into future technical
         leaders.


         The establishment of internship programme that enables participants to rotate across different
         departments and engage in project work, fostering a comprehensive understanding of Group operations,
         as well as enhancing communication and managerial competencies.



         Collaboration with local vocational secondary schools to implement a secondary student internship
         programme, cultivating potential industry talent at an early stage.




Training for Middle Management

The Group recognises middle management as a key driving force behind sustained organisational advancement.
To support their growth, we collaborate with subsidiaries to design tailored development programmes for
middle-level managers, encompassing structured coursework, practical projects, external mentoring, and internal
resource support. We also actively provide clear progression pathways to enable them to gradually assume more
strategic leadership responsibilities. Key initiatives undertaken during the year include:




   Regularly organising cross-business unit meetings, team management workshops, and inter-departmental
   training sessions to strengthen middle managers’ capabilities in cross-functional collaboration, team
   leadership, and change management.




   Inviting external experts to deliver presentations to the Group’s mid-and-senior level executives on
   the latest trends in digital transformation, global telecommunications industry developments, and
   advancements in artificial intelligence, supporting the management team in integrating cutting-edge
   insights into Group strategy and business innovation.
128   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


      Continuous Professional Development of the Board and Senior Management

      The Group’s directors and senior management team continue to engage in professional development activities
      to stay abreast of regulatory changes and market trends. This year, they participated in a series of internal
      training sessions and were supported to attend local and overseas telecommunications industry conferences
      and seminars, broadening their perspectives and enhancing their industry expertise. Further details on related
      training activities can be found in the “Continuing Professional Development Programme” section of this Annual
      Report (pages 61 to 62).

      Our efforts in talent development have also received industry recognition, including the conferment of the
      “Manpower Developers” title under the “ERB Manpower Developer Award Scheme”. In addition, our Hong Kong
      subsidiary was awarded the “Super MD” accolade, in recognition of our outstanding practices and achievements
      in employee training and development.




      Occupational Health & Safety

      The Group regards employees’ occupational health and safety as a primary responsibility, strictly adhering to
      relevant regulations and continuously enhancing the workplace environment to foster a safe, healthy, and vibrant
      working atmosphere. We provide comprehensive medical coverage and a range of health-related benefits,
      ensuring that every employee can focus on their work with full physical and mental support.
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025         129




                                                                         SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


Occupational Health and Safety Management

To clearly define the Group’s responsibilities regarding occupational health and safety, we have issued the Health
and Safety Policy and the Safety Management Manual. These documents guide the appointment of designated
personnel, implementation of safety training, conduct of risk assessments, development of fire response and
first-aid plans, and the establishment of an incident reporting mechanism. The Macau subsidiary has further
developed the CTM Health and Safety Policy and related Work Safety Policy which mandate the provision of
adequate safety equipment and protective gear and require employees to use them correctly during operations.
Safety supervisors are appointed to conduct regular site inspections and provide immediate risk mitigation
guidance. In addition, through regular building safety inspections, we continuously improve fire prevention
measures and address potential hazardous conditions. Emergency response procedures are established
for various scenarios, and regular fire drills and accident simulations are conducted to ensure the safety of
employees is effectively safeguarded.

The Group organises a range of occupational health and safety initiatives to enhance employees’ awareness
and understanding of workplace risks. These include the regular dissemination of health and safety information,
workshops on work safety and fire prevention, fire drills, and encouragement for staff to obtain first-aid
certification, ensuring employees are equipped with essential knowledge and skills to respond to emergencies.
We have also developed an office hazard inspection checklist, with safety supervisors conducting regular
workplace inspections to assess and follow up on potential risks, ensuring the safe operation of office premises
and associated facilities.

The Data Centre department conducts regular safety training related to construction activities, requiring
technicians to maintain valid qualifications such as the “Construction Industry Safety Training Certificate” and
electrician licences. Safety production standards and risk assessment procedures have been established to
ensure that all contractors, regardless of project scale, comply with safety requirements.

To strengthen fire prevention and emergency management, we have established a “Fire Protection (Fire
Prevention) Work Leading Group” and a “Fire Prevention Work Office”. These bodies are responsible for updating
safety guidelines and evacuation plans, enhancing fire protection measures in offices and data centres,
conducting comprehensive maintenance of fire-fighting equipment, and carrying out regular inspections and drills
to ensure employee safety. All relevant guidelines are published on the Group’s and its subsidiaries’ intranets,
enabling continuous communication of safety messages to staff.

During the year, the Group delivered a total of 7,579 hours of health and safety training to employees. Over the
past three years, there have been no work-related fatality cases within the Group.




               During the year, the Group delivered     Over the past three years,

               a total of   7,579 hours of health                   no work-
                                                        there have been
                                                        related fatality cases
               and safety training to employees.
                                                        within the Group.
130   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


      Work-life Balance

      The Group values employees’ work-life balance and encourages colleagues to maintain physical and mental
      well-being and attend to family needs while pursuing professional development, promoting timely stress relief
      following busy work periods.

      During the year, the Group organised a range of festive and team-building activities, including:




             Cultural and Educational Training
             Activities

             Guided visits to exhibitions such as
             the National Security Education Day
             Exhibition and the 80th Anniversary
             of Chinese Victor y in the War of
             Resistance Exhibition




             Public Welfare and Social Responsibility
             Initiatives

             Participation in events including
             the “Communit y Chest Walk for
             Millions”, beach clean-ups, mangrove
             planting, and blood donation
             campaigns
                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025   131




                                                              SUSTAINABILITY REPORT




Sports and Team-Building Competitions

Basketball championship cup and cross-business-unit sports tournaments




Recreational and Wellness Activities

Physiotherapy-led pilates sessions, healthy cooking workshops, woven flower basket coaster
crafting workshops, workplace first-aid awareness sessions and traditional Chinese medicine
wellness seminars
132   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


      DELIVERING QUALITY SERVICE
      Products and Services Innovation

      With the rapid advancement of information technology and the market’s diverse demand for digital services, the
      Group continues to increase investment in research and development, driving differentiation of core products
      and accelerating digital transformation. We actively explore cutting-edge fields such as 5G, GSMA Open
      Gateway and eSIM, with the goal of developing innovative products and services, enhancing our technological
      competitiveness, and contributing to the development of a smart society. In addition to our own R&D efforts, we
      also collaborate with research institutions, participate in international innovation events, share technical expertise
      and expand industry influence, working together to build a sustainable digital future.

      R&D Investment and Innovation Strategy

      Each year, the Group allocates a dedicated portion of capital and operating expenditure to R&D to strengthen
      our internal innovation capabilities, advance market differentiation of core products and support internal digital
      transformation. The Group has established the CITIC Hong Kong Artificial Intelligence Innovation Centre
      and formulated an AI development strategy of “empowering internal and external intellectual support”. Our
      innovation roadmap focuses on artificial intelligence, cloud native technologies, big data, 5G, GSMA Open
      Gateway and eSIM, driving key technological breakthroughs, new product development, traditional business
      upgrading and exploration of new products and services.

      Artificial Intelligence and Big Data Applications

      Leveraging professional expertise and AI capabilities, the Hong Kong subsidiary develops customised modelling
      and data analysis solutions tailored to the specific needs of industries such as healthcare, finance, retail and
      manufacturing. By consistently delivering award-winning AI applications and breakthrough innovations, we
      demonstrate our strong commitment to research excellence.

      The AI Workflow platform enables enterprise customers to build self-managed administrative and document
      processing systems, offering flexible intellectual property controls and highly customisable features. Through
      automation of meeting bookings, leave requests, expense claims, attendance, overtime, recruitment, training and
      other administrative tasks, the platform effectively enhances operational efficiency, streamlines processes and
      boosts productivity.

      During the year, the Group secured a total of 27 patents and software copyrights. To further improve the
      quality and quantity of intellectual-property outputs, we increased resource support for the R&D team and
      enhanced employee awareness of Intellectual Property protection through training and education. Employees
      are encouraged to proactively document innovation achievements for timely patent filing. We also established
      partnerships with research institutions such as The Hong Kong Polytechnic University to jointly pursue R&D
      projects. Furthermore, by participating in professional competitions such as the “2025 Guangdong-Hong
      Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area High-value Intellectual Property Development Competition”, we promote
      knowledge exchange across the industry and drive sustained innovation development.

      The Macau subsidiary is actively exploring big data and AI applications. With strong in-house development
      capabilities, the team developed three AI applications for internal use and assisted Macau government
      departments in developing two AI applications and multiple big-data solutions, contributing to smart-city
      development. The Group’s Hong Kong subsidiary also partnered with The Hong Kong Polytechnic University to
      establish a Joint Laboratory for AI and Intelligent Innovation, collaborating on research for an “Optimised Edge
      Multi-Modal Large Model and Embodied Intelligence System for Elderly Care”, supporting Hong Kong’s smart
      society initiatives.
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025         133




                                                                         SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


Technological Breakthroughs and Industry Influence

Our self-developed “Intelligent Network Quality Monitoring System Based on Big Data and Artificial Intelligence”
has been successfully selected as one of the “2025 Top 100 Outstanding Data Management Cases” by the China
Federation of Electronics and Information Industry, reflecting the industry’s recognition of our technological
capabilities and enabling technical experience sharing to expand industry influence. Meanwhile, the Group has
actively engaged in international innovation events, including the 2025 World Artificial Intelligence Conference,
and won a Silver Award at the 50th International Exhibition of Inventions Geneva. Furthermore, we achieved
remarkable success by securing three Gold Awards at the 2025 Asia International Innovation Awards, fully
demonstrating the Group’s outstanding innovation capabilities and strong international competitiveness in
technological innovation.

Commitment to Premium Products and Services

The Group places strong emphasis on product and ser vice qualit y. In the fields of international
telecommunications and ICT services, we strive to deliver exceptional service and focus on designing, building,
operating and maintaining stable and reliable communication networks that meet high performance and quality
standards.

We closely monitor every stage of the customer-service process and remain committed to providing a
meticulous and attentive service experience. Before launching new products or services, we conduct rigorous
internal testing against key performance metrics to ensure they meet required quality standards. During service
delivery, we actively listen to customer feedback and carry out regular evaluations, including monthly visits to
selected clients, to continuously improve products, services and the overall customer experience. At our Macau
subsidiary, the Quality Management Committee and Quality Assurance Department closely monitor and analyse
service performance across various areas, laying a solid foundation for quality assessments and future business
enhancement.

Customer Complaint Management and Continuous Improvement

The Group has established a dedicated customer-service team and implemented a comprehensive complaint
handling procedure designed to effectively minimise the number of complaints and improve customer
satisfaction. Upon receiving a written or telephone complaint, the Engineering & Services Department
immediately acknowledges and records all relevant information before for warding it to the responsible
department. Department heads investigate the issue thoroughly and, where complaints are substantiated, must
propose concrete and actionable improvement measures along with prevention plans, and report the outcomes
back to the Engineering & Services Department. The Engineering & Services Department maintains close
communication with customers throughout the process to ensure their acceptance and satisfaction with the
proposed solutions, and documents all records and dates in the system for future review and continuous service
enhancement.

To uphold high product and service standards, the Group also holds monthly Quality Management Committee
meetings to regularly review service performance and drive ongoing improvement, ensuring our services
consistently meet customer expectations. During the year, the Group’s subsidiaries received a total of 293
customer complaints related to products and services. The Group treated each complaint with utmost importance,
continued its practice of conducting in-depth analysis to identify root causes and implement targeted corrective
actions to prevent recurrence, thereby ensuring ongoing improvement in service quality. This year, the customer
loyalty rate at the Macau subsidiary reached 90%, demonstrating strong customer recognition of our service
excellence.
134   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


      Responsible Marketing

      Across all platforms, formats and regions, the Group adheres to principles of integrity in all promotional activities
      and strictly complies with local laws, regulations and advertising-platform policies. We ensure that all marketing
      content is produced and published responsibly, safeguarding our brand image and fulfilling our corporate
      obligations.

      In managing advertising related risks, the Group strictly follows the Reputation Risk Management Policy to ensure
      effective responses to potential crises. Relevant personnel are provided with crisis management training as
      necessary, and a special crisis management command group has been established to maintain efficient internal
      and external communication and feedback mechanisms, minimise risks during advertising activities and uphold
      our responsibility to deliver high quality products and services.

      Quality Certifications

      The Group and its subsidiaries maintain high-standards management systems and consistently comply with
      international certification requirements to ensure world-class service quality and security. We have established a
      comprehensive quality management system and obtained multiple international certifications, including ISO9001,
      ISO14001, ISO20000, and ISO27001, becoming one of the first management service providers in Hong Kong to
      obtain multiple certifications at the same time, committed to providing customers with high-quality services that
      meet international standards. In addition, our subsidiary is the first Infrastructure-as-a-Service (IaaS) provider in
      Hong Kong to be certified by ISO27017.

      The Group continues to advance technological innovation, securing prestigious certifications across software
      development, data governance, and network technologies:




           Our subsidiary has been awarded the “CMMI Maturity Level 3 Certifications” by the Capability
           Maturity Model Integration Institute (CMMI), further demonstrating our expertise in software
           development and service management.




           In 2025, the Group successfully achieved Level 3 assessment under the Data Management Capability
           Maturity Model (DCMM). DCMM is China’s first internationally aligned standard in the field of data
           management and serves as an authoritative benchmark for evaluating enterprise data management
           capabilities. Achieving this certification demonstrates that the Group recognises data as a critical asset
           in achieving performance objectives and has established standardised data management processes to
           promote greater consistency and governance in data management practices.




           Our private network SD-WAN and SASE services have also been certified by the China Academy of
           Information and Communications Technology, becoming one of the few vendors with the “SD-WAN
           Ready 2.0” certificate, demonstrating our international leadership in network services and security
           management.
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025         135




                                                                        SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


BUILDING A CULTURE OF GIVING
Leveraging Our Strengths to Support Community Development

The Group actively leverages its resources to advance sustainable development in society. We place strong
emphasis on community investment initiatives to build and maintain corporate reputation, extend social impact,
and respond to stakeholder expectations. Through collaboration with various community organisations, we
organise diverse community activities and volunteer services, guided by the principle of “giving back to the
community and serving the community”, with the aim of enhancing public quality of life. The Group encourages
employees to actively participate, providing tangible support to underprivileged families and vulnerable groups,
and contributing collectively to societal progress. During the year, the Group’s total donations amounted to
approximately HK$1 million, with employees contributing 1,403 hours of volunteer service.




                            During the year, the Group’s total donations amounted to
                            approximately HK$1 million, with employees contributing
                            1,403 hours of volunteer service.
136   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


      Key community engagement activities during the year included:




            The Group co-organised two volunteer initiatives
            with the Hong Kong Chinese YMCA to support
            the healthy development of the community.
            Under the “Movie Viewing Volunteer Activity”,
            the Group’s volunteer team invited and
            sponsored 100 elderly participants from the Chai
            Wan Neighbourhood Elderly Centre to attend a
            screening of a Hong Kong film, conveying the
            spirit of community care and demonstrating
            corporate compassion.




            The Group’s volunteer team participated in
            a handicraft mobile phone stand workshop
            titled “Knitting Joy” with elderly individuals
            and their caregivers in the Chai Wan district.
            Through the knitting activity, participants
            were able to alleviate daily stress, while the
            initiative helped reduce feelings of social
            isolation among the elderly, bringing warmth
            and joy to the community.




            In November 2025, a serious fire occurred at Wang Fuk Court in Tai Po, Hong Kong. The Group
            actively fulfilled its corporate social responsibility by launching the “CITIC Telecom International –
            Tai Po Wang Fuk Court Post-fire Relief Donation”. The funds were donated to the “Support Fund for
            Wang Fuk Court in Tai Po” established by the HKSAR government to support post-disaster recovery
            and reconstruction efforts. Through this tangible action, the Group stood in solidarity with the
            affected community, embodying the spirit of mutual support in Hong Kong society.
                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025    137




                                                                  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT




        “Protecting the Stars • Caring for Children with Special Needs” Volunteer Initiative



The Group’s subsidiaries in Beijing and Shanghai organised volunteers to visit an education centre,
where they tidied teaching materials and cleaned classrooms, creating a clean and welcoming learning
environment for the children.




         Charity Run of Caritas Macau



The Macau subsidiary organised employees and
their families to participate in a charity walk event,
raising funds for social welfare organisations
through physical activity, promoting inclusivity
for persons with disabilities, and fostering family
harmony.
138   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


      Youth Development Support

      The Group regards the development of local youth talent as a key mission and is committed to advancing
      the future of the telecommunications industry. This year, we further deepened collaboration with schools and
      youth organisations, engaging the public through diverse activities to showcase the practical operations of the
      telecommunications sector and inspire more young people to pursue careers in the local industry.

      Key youth-focused initiatives during the year included:


            The Macau subsidiary established a “5.5G + AI Smart Applications” experience zone at exhibitions and
            retail outlets, inviting student groups and organisations to visit. The interactive displays demonstrated real-
            world applications of 5.5G, artificial intelligence, and integrated big data technologies, enhancing young
            people’s understanding of innovative technologies and Macau’s smart city development.


            The Hong Kong subsidiary co-organised corporate visit programmes with the Hong Kong Federation of Youth
            Groups, hosting secondary school students company visit. Graduate trainees shared their career journeys and
            work experiences, helping students gain insights into the roles, responsibilities, and growth opportunities
            within the telecommunications technology sector, and supporting them in shaping future career aspirations.


            The ongoing “Youth Development Programme” provided trainees with learning opportunities across
            different departments and involvement in day-to-day operations, actively encouraging young people
            to engage early with information technologies such as artificial intelligence and build essential digital
            competencies.


      Serving the Community

      As a key service provider in the telecommunications sector, the Group remains committed to delivering stable,
      efficient, and inclusive telecom services that support social connectivity, information exchange, and digital
      advancement. In 2025, the Group successfully ensured communication resilience during the 15th National
      Games and throughout the passage of Super Typhoon “Ragasa”, serving the livelihood needs of Hong Kong
      and Macau residents. Through continuous expansion of network coverage, promotion of innovative technology
      applications, and active participation in community connectivity initiatives, we have supported deeper digital
      integration across education, healthcare, business, and daily life. While fulfilling our corporate responsibilities, we
      place strong emphasis on the accessibility and reliability of our services, striving to bridge the digital divide and
      provide foundational support for building a more resilient and inclusive smart society.

      Promoting and Popularising Telecommunications Services

      The Macau subsidiary is committed to promoting the sustainable development of the telecommunications
      industry and addressing societal needs through multi-stakeholder collaboration:

            Enhancing public understanding of the telecommunications sector and its evolving trends through
            diverse communication channels, thereby increasing awareness and comprehension of next-
            generation network technologies and their applications.



            Establishing partnerships with various organisations to leverage the Group’s network infrastructure
            and technical expertise in delivering diverse, high-quality communication and information services,
            supporting the continuous improvement of education, public services, and business applications.


            Providing end-to-end network and technical support for major local events, ensuring seamless,
            secure, and reliable communications during such occasions, thereby strengthening urban operational
            resilience.
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025   139




                                                                                   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



 Advancing the integration of technology and public welfare by exploring innovative service models
 through internet-based philanthropy initiatives, expanding the positive impact of telecommunications
 technology on sustainable social development.




         CITIC Telecom Invites Hong Kong & Shanghai Data Society for Site Visit, Together We
         Paint a New Picture of Digitalisation and Intelligence for Enterprises Going Global


The Hong Kong and Shanghai Data Society delegation
visited CITIC Telecom International, where they toured
the company’s data centre and security operations centre
and engaged in discussions on digit al and intelligent
transformation initiatives. CITIC Telecom International shared
its strategic development in the areas of NaaS (Network
as a Service), including global mobile authentication and
financial fraud prevention, as well as DaaS (Data as a
Ser vice), covering data products and the International
Express Network. Both parties explored potential areas of
collaboration, and the Society invited the company to participate in future events to further strengthen
digital ecosystem cooperation between Shanghai and Hong Kong. The exchange reinforced partners’
recognition of CITIC Telecom International’s service capabilities and laid a solid foundation for expanding
future business applications.




         CITIC Telecom International CPC Solutions Day 2025: Exploring Innovative Applications
         of Artificial Intelligence


The Group delivered a keynote presentation on the theme of “Preventing Financial Scams and
Fraud using AI”, collaborating with clients and partners to explore innovative AI use cases and future
possibilities. The presentation highlighted four key roles of AI in anti-fraud solutions:


         Comprehensive, multi-layered and precision-driven
  01     intelligent fraud risk management



         A I - p owe r e d f r a u d d e t e c t i o n a n d p r o t e c t i o n
  02     mechanisms



  03     Rapid data analysis enabled by artificial intelligence



         Dual safeguards through secure collaboration and
  04     practical AI implementation


The event attracted approximately 100 corporate clients, including over 25 from the financial and related
sectors, as well as representatives from more than 20 partner organisations and industry stakeholders.
It strengthened our engagement and collaboration with key stakeholders in the “AI + Security” domain.
140   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


      OUR COMMITMENT TO GREEN AND LOW-CARBON DEVELOPMENT
      The Group understands the importance of environmental protection and therefore actively takes action to
      advance sustainable development. Under the leadership of the Board, the “CITIC Telecom International ESG
      Committee”, comprising members of the management levels, formulates sustainability strategies and implements
      various initiatives to translate policies into concrete results. We continue to optimise energy conservation and
      emission reduction solutions, and implement efficient management in offices, data centres and network facilities,
      successfully reducing energy consumption and GHG emissions.

      To systematically manage environmental performance, the Group has established the “CITIC Telecom Green
      Policy”, which provides unified guidance on resource utilisation, waste reduction management and compliance
      requirements.



                   CITIC Telecom Green Policy




               Set, monitor and regularly review our environmental targets; take reasonable and feasible
               measures to continually improve our environmental performance




               Optimise the use of resources and reduce waste by implementing the 4Rs Environmental
               Management Model: Reduce, Recycle, Reuse, and Replace




               Comply with all relevant environmental laws and regulations and ensure all staff comply to
               the requirements




               Communicate and promote our environmental policies and performance to our stakeholders




               Raise environmental awareness among our staff through awareness campaigns and training
               programmes, encouraging active participation in environmental protection




      Our Response to Climate Change

      Governance

      The Group has established a top-down climate governance structure to monitor and manage the Group’s
      sustainability performance. We have also integrated the management of climate-related risks and opportunities
      into our overall governance process to better address the impacts of climate change. For details of the
      governance structure, please refer to the “Sustainability Governance Structure” section (page 106) of this report.
                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025      141




                                                                                       SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


Strategy

In recent years, climate change has emerged as one of the world’s most pressing and widely discussed issues.
The Group conducts comprehensive assessments of climate-related risks and implements corresponding
mitigation measures to effectively manage operational risk and minimise potential adverse impacts. We recognise
the importance of enhancing energy efficiency and reducing carbon emissions in our daily operations as part of
our proactive response to climate challenges. Therefore, our ESG Committee regularly reviews key sustainability
topics and continuously evaluates the implications of climate change for our business. Through these efforts, we
aim to ensure that our operations are increasingly aligned with sustainable development principles and are well-
positioned to address the escalating challenges posed by a changing climate.

During the reporting period, we conducted qualitative climate scenario analysis to help identify climate-related
risks and opportunities. The analysis adopted turquoise and brown scenarios to assess the Group’s major assets
in Chinese mainland, Hong Kong, Macau and Singapore.




                                       Turquoise Scenario                                      Brown Scenario
                                       (Low-emission Scenario)                                 (High-emission Scenario)


                        C l i m a t e p o l i c i e s a r e s u ff i c i e n t l y   Only existing policies and Nationally
                        stringent, creating a high likelihood that                   Determined Contributions (NDCs) are
                        global warming will be limited to below                      implemented, with limited investment
                        2°C.                                                         and climate action.
     Key
     Assumptions        W ith governments and enterprises                            Global temperatures are expected to
                        accelerating decarbonisation efforts                         rise by at least 3°C above pre-industrial
                        within this decade, CO2 emissions are                        levels by 2100, resulting in intensified
                        expected to gradually decline.                               and increasingly unpredictable physical
                                                                                     risks.



     Scenario           IPCC SSP1-2.6                                                IPCC SSP5-8.5
     Reference          NGFS “Net Zero 2050”                                         NGFS “Current Policies”




     Time Horizons      Short-term (2026-2027), Medium-term (2028-2030), Long-term (2031-2050)
142   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


      Based on these scenario assumptions, we carried out qualitative assessments of both physical risks and
      transition risks across the short, medium and long term. This analysis evaluated the potential impacts of
      climate change on our business model and value chain, serving as the foundation for developing corresponding
      mitigation and adaptation measures. The table below outlines the key findings on overall physical and transition
      risks, together with the Group’s response actions.




       Risk                Time Horizon     Impact on Business Model and Value Chain                       Mitigation Measures

       Physical Risks
       Typhoons            Long-term        More frequent typhoons may cause                           •   Strengthen wind-resistant
                                            disruptions to network services for                            design standards for
                                            critical network facilities, including                         outdoor facilities, ensuring
                                            base st ations, dat a centres, and                             base stations and external
                                            cables, in typhoon-affected areas. This                        equipment are engineered
                                            could hinder business continuity for                           and installed by qualified
                                            corporate customers and daily usage                            professionals in compliance
                                            for retail customers. Typhoon-related                          w i t h s a fe t y a n d w i n d -
                                            t r a n s p o r t a t i o n i n t e rru p t i o n s m ay       resilience requirements.
                                            also impede deployment of repair                           •   Establish comprehensive
                                            materials and personnel, prolonging                            typhoon preparedness
                                            service recovery time.                                         and recover y plans.
                                                                                                           Upon receiving t yphoon
                                                                                                           alerts, activate protective
                                                                                                           measures immediately
                                                                                                           to secure facilities.
                                                                                                           During extreme weather,
                                                                                                           closely monitor network
                                                                                                           operations to maintain
                                                                                                           ser vice continuit y. After
                                                                                                           the typhoon, provide
                                                                                                           prompt support to affected
                                                                                                           customers and carr y out
                                                                                                           network repairs to restore
                                                                                                           s e r v i c e s a s q u i ck l y a s
                                                                                                           possible.
                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025            143




                                                                 SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



Risk           Time Horizon   Impact on Business Model and Value Chain       Mitigation Measures

Flood          Long-term      Persistent or intense rainfall may         •   Inst all water barriers at
                              trigger flooding , posing severe               appropriate heights in low-
                              threats to buildings and critical              lying facilities, removing them
                              infrastructure in low-lying and coastal        after flood threats subside
                              areas. This may significantly disrupt          to ensure equipment safety.
                              net work continuit y and impede            •   Deploy effective drainage
                              normal operations of offices and retail        and pumping systems
                              locations. Flooding may damage and             around key facilities to
                              disable base st ations, equipment              reduce the risk of water
                              rooms, and data centre infrastructure,         accumulation.
                              leading to service outages that affect     •   Conduct regular health
                              business continuit y for corporate             ch e ck s a n d e m e r g e n c y
                              customers and daily usage for retail           drills for telecom buildings
                              customers. Furthermore, washed out             and data centres to ensure
                              transport routes may delay delivery            that the buildings are
                              of replacement parts and equipment,            in good condition and
                              extending recovery timeframes-out              can effectively respond
                              transport routes may delay delivery            to hazardous situations.
                              of replacement parts and equipment,            If damage is identified,
                              extending recovery timeframes.                 emergency repairs will be
                                                                             carried out immediately.
Rising         Long-term      Continuous increases in average            •   Implement liquid cooling,
Temperatures                  temperature elevate cooling                    natural cooling and other low-
                              demand in data centres, driving up             energy cooling technologies
                              electricity consumption. Operating             in data centres to reduce
                              equipment under high temperatures              reliance on traditional air-
                              may accelerate wear and increase               conditioning and control
                              failure rates and maintenance costs.           cooling-related energy
                              Unstable power supply or overheated            growth.
                              equipment may also cause network           •   Adopt higher ambient
                              disconnections and service                     temperature operating
                              interruptions.                                 standards for new facilities
                                                                             and procured equipment,
                                                                             and enhance ventilation
                                                                             and insulation at critical
                                                                             sites.
144   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



       Risk             Time Horizon   Impact on Business Model and Value Chain                     Mitigation Measures

       Transformation Risks
       Policies &        Short to      Governments may implement more                           •   Increase the use of green
       Regulations       Medium-term   stringent decarbonisation policies,                          electricity and implement
       (Tightening                     requiring enterprises to strengthen                          energy-saving upgrades to
       Requirements)                   carbon management and enhance                                reduce actual emissions
                                       disclosure standards. Rising global                          and carbon-related costs.
                                       carbon pricing may further increase                      •   Regularly review updated
                                       m a n u fa c tu r i n g a n d p r o c u r e m e n t          e n e r g y- e ff i c i e n c y a n d
                                       costs, adding pressure to operational                        environmental regulations
                                       expenses and compliance obligations.                         across regions, assess
                                                                                                    compliance gaps, and develop
                                                                                                    phased facility upgrade and
                                                                                                    capital expenditure plans
                                                                                                    accordingly.
       Technology       Short to       Ach i ev i n g d e c a r b o n i s a t i o n g o a l s   •   Develop phased technology-
       (Transition      Medium-term    requires significant upfront investment in                   upgrade roadmaps to
       to Low-carbon                   energy-efficient equipment, renewable                        balance investment pacing
       Technologies)                   energy deployment, and data centre                           and efficiency gains.
                                       technology upgrades. In the short                        •   Strengthen collaboration
                                       term, this may place pressure on                             with technology providers
                                       capital allocation and operating costs.                      to pilot and scale mature
                                       Failure to adopt advanced low-carbon                         energy-saving solutions.
                                       technologies in a timely manner may                      •   Establish a technical monitoring
                                       weaken competitiveness, reducing                             mechanism to continuously
                                       customer satisfaction and market                             track industry advancements.
                                       share.
       Market           Medium to      Customers’ environmental awareness                       •   Deepen communication
       (Shifts          Long-term      continues to rise, such as a preference                      with corporate customers
       in Consumer                     for low-carbon products. Enterprises                         regarding sustainability
       Preferences)                    that fail to demonstrate meaningful                          e x p e c t a t i o n s a n d o ffe r
                                       progress in green transformation                             customised green solutions.
                                       may risk loss of market share and                        •   Enhance branding through
                                       competitive disadvantages.                                   certifications and transparent
                                                                                                    reporting to s t r e n g t h e n
                                                                                                    credibility in sustainable
                                                                                                    service offerings.
                                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025           145




                                                                                   SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



 Opportunities        Time Horizon     Impact on Business Model and Value Chain                Mitigation Measures

 Resource             Short to         Optimise Power Usage Effectiveness                  •   Gradually carry out energy-
 Efficiency           Medium-term      (PUE) for network equipment and                         saving transformation of
 (Resource                             dat a centres, and adopt efficient                      high-energy consumption
 Efficiency                            c o o l i n g t e ch n o l o g i e s ( s u ch a s       data centres and introduce
 Improvements)                         liquid cooling), intelligent energy                     energy efficiency optimisation
                                       consumption management, and green                       systems.
                                       power procurement to reduce energy                  •   Establish an energy efficiency
                                       consumption and carbon emissions,                       monitoring platform to achieve
                                       and improve operational cost-                           real-time management and
                                       effectiveness.                                          continuous optimisation.
 Products/Services Long-term           Growing customer demand for                         •   Conduct customer demand
 (Low-carbon                           green products and services                             research and provide green
 Solutions)                            creates opportunities for revenue                       products and services.
                                       expansion. Offering green products                  •   Strengthen marketing and
                                       and services (such as green cloud                       highlight the Group’s leadership
                                       ser vices and energy-efficient data                     in sustainable communications.
                                       centre solutions), which can meet
                                       the market demand for low-carbon
                                       products, create new revenue
                                       streams, and enhance competitive
                                       advantages.

In response to the identified climate-related risks and opportunities, the Group will progressively promote
energy conservation in high-power facilities such as data centres, continue to enhance operational resilience
under extreme weather, and review and optimise relevant operational policies and business continuity plans in a
timely manner. We are also committed to enhancing supply chain resilience. The Group and its subsidiaries have
established clear baseline controls for supplier management and require suppliers to fully incorporate climate
transition considerations into their supply chain planning to mitigate climate related risks. The ESG Committee
and the procurement team conduct periodic assessments of supplier quality and performance to ensure
alignment with the Group’s standards, thereby strengthening overall supply chain resilience and risk management
capabilities. Looking ahead, the Group will continue to closely monitor market and policy developments, enhance
energy efficiency on a steady basis, and further improve response capabilities to extreme weather events.

The climate-related risks and opportunities identified by the Group may have current and expected financial
impacts on its financial position, financial performance, and cash flows. During the reporting period, climate-
related risks and opportunities did not have a material financial impact on the Group. We have not identified any
of the aforementioned factors that would require significant adjustments to the carrying amounts of assets and
liabilities in the Group’s financial statements for the next reporting period. To further enhance the Group’s ability
to manage climate-related risks and opportunities, we plan to continuously refine our existing climate scenario
analysis and develop corresponding response strategies, in order to more comprehensively identify and assess
the anticipated financial impacts of climate-related factors on our financial position and performance.
146   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


      Climate Risk Management

      The Group has established a comprehensive risk management policy and classified climate and environmental
      risks as subcategories of operational risks, which are fully integrated into the enterprise risk management
      framework. We adopt a unified risk-scoring methodology and risk matrix to identify and assess various risks
      according based on their likelihood of occurrence and potential impact. The results are documented in the risk
      register to support the development of corresponding mitigation and adaptation measures, ensuring that the
      overall risk profile remains aligned with the Group’s defined risk appetite. Climate and environmental risks are
      also identified, assessed, prioritised and managed alongside other key business risks to ensure that climate-
      related risks are fully integrated into the Group’s overall risk management process.

      The Board assumes oversight responsibility for overall risk management and assists in monitoring climate-
      related risks and opportunities through the Risk Management Committee to ensure that climate factors are
      incorporated into the Group’s strategic planning, financial management and operational decision-making. The
      Risk Management Committee reviews the effectiveness of relevant risks and control measures at least annually
      and reports its findings to the Board.

      Building on our existing risk management framework, we identified, assessed and prioritised key risks and
      opportunities with potential material impact on the Group during the reporting period by analysing market trends
      and climate-related risks and opportunities in the telecommunications industry. Based on the nature, likelihood
      and severity of these risks and opportunities, and with reference to the United Nations Intergovernmental Panel
      on Climate Change (IPCC) Shared Socio-Economic Pathways (SSP) and the Network for Greening the Financial
      System (NGFS) scenarios, we conduct a qualitative analysis of the potential impacts of key operating regions
      in the short-term (2026-2027), medium-term (2028-2030) and long-term (2031-2050) under different climate
      scenarios. We develop corresponding strategies to address the key risks and opportunities identified and
      incorporate them into our strategic planning and resource allocation.

      Metrics and Targets

      To further advance the implementation of our sustainability vision, the Hong Kong headquarters has established
      clear environmental targets. By analysing historical data, forecasting future trends and benchmarking against
      industry peers, we have set quantitative indicators covering electricity consumption, electronic waste recycling
      and waste paper recycling. To achieve these targets, we have introduced a series of policies and initiatives and
      continue to closely monitor progress.

      Since 2023, all computer and electronic waste generated by the Hong Kong headquarters has been properly
      processed and recycled by authorised recyclers, we will continue progressing towards our established targets. We
      have also made phased progress towards the electricity consumption goal and will continue our efforts to ensure
      these environmental goals are fully met.
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025        147




                                                                       SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



                   Electricity Consumption
                   Using 2020 as the baseline year, reduce Power Usage Effectiveness (PUE) at the
        Goal       Hong Kong headquarters’ data centres by   9% by 2026.
                   Following the implementation of policies and initiatives, there was good
                   progress in 2025. We will continue to closely monitor and review our progress.

      Progress




                   Non-hazardous Waste – Waste Paper
                   Using 2020 as the baseline year, increase waste paper recycling at the Hong Kong
        Goal       headquarters by   8% by 2025.

                   In 2025, paper recycling volume declined by 39% from the baseline
                   year, falling short of the target. This was primarily due to the effective
                   implementation of source reduction measures, which reduced the base
      Progress     volume of recyclable waste paper. Although the recycling volume fell short of
                   expectations, we believe these measures still delivered positive environmental
                   benefits. The Hong Kong headquarters’ annual paper consumption in 2025
                   declined by 17% from 2020 levels, preventing resource consumption at the
                   source and reducing disposal of waste. Building on this foundation, we will
                   continue to strengthen source reduction initiatives to further enhance overall
                   waste management performance.




                   Hazardous Waste – Computer and Electronic Equipment
                   Ensure   100% of computers and electronic waste at the Hong Kong headquarters
        Goal       continue to be properly disposed of and reused through certified recycling
                   distributors in 2025 and beyond.


                   Target Achieved
                   In 2025, 100% of computers and electronic waste at the Hong Kong
                   headquarters were properly disposed of and reused through certified recycling
      Progress     distributors.




During the reporting period, we further expanded our scope of Scope 3 GHG emissions to include in seven
categories: Category 1 (Purchased goods and services), Category 2 (Capital goods), Category 3 (Fuel-and energy-
related activities), Category 5 (Waste generated in operations), Category 6 (Business travel), Category 11 (Use
of sold products), Category 12 (End-of-life treatment of sold products). Please refer to the “Environmental Key
Performance Indicators” section (pages 156 to 158) of this report for relevant data.
148   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


      Construction and Operation of Environmentally Friendly Green Data Centres

      Data centre operations are the core business of the Group. We are committed to promoting the construction
      and operation of green data centres, and always prioritise energy conservation and reduction in data centre
      design and system procurement. By adopting high-performance equipment and optimising operational solutions,
      we actively reduce energy consumption and carbon emissions, while coordinating with various environmental
      measures to ensure that data centres achieve higher energy efficiency and environmental benefits while providing
      stable services.

      Construction of Telecom Equipment Room and Planning of System Facilities

      Since the air-conditioning system and cabinet power supply system are the main sources of power consumption,
      the Group has taken energy efficiency into a core consideration during the design stage, prioritising the use of
      high-performance systems and components to reduce energy consumption in the computer room and related
      systems.




               Cooling System Optimisation

               We use an advanced Computer Room Air Conditioning (CRAC) system equipped with EC fans
               and Smart Control to continuously monitor the temperature and humidity of the data centre
               and automatically coordinate cooling operations. At the same time, we procure air-conditioning
               equipment with high-quality cooling performance to reduce electricity waste.




               Power Supply and Environmental Certifications

               The cabinet power supply system uses uninterruptible power supply systems and cabinet power
               distributors that are ISO14006 Eco-design certified and comply with environmental requirements
               such as the European Union (EU) Restriction of Hazardous Substances Directive (RoHS) and the
               Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEEE) Directive to reduce environmental impact.




               Environmentally Friendly Refrigerants and Fire Extinguishing Systems

               Gas fire extinguishing systems and air-conditioning systems have been installed in the Group’s
               telecommunications buildings and data centres, and the newly constructed systems have
               adopted more environmentally friendly fire extinguishing agents NOVEC1230 and environmentally
               friendly refrigerant R513A to replace the fire extinguishing agents and refrigerants used in the
               past to reduce the damage to the ozone layer.
                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025    149




                                                                      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



         Hong Kong Headquarters Data Centre



The data centre at the Hong Kong headquarters is committed to improving energy efficiency
and reducing energy consumption to address the challenges of climate change and sustainable
development. We have implemented a series of measures for our data centre operations to further
improve performance and save energy.

We closely monitor the power consumption of old equipment and replace it at appropriate time. In
July 2025, the CTT Phase 1 and 2 data centres completed the replacement of refrigeration units that
have been in use for more than 10 years, and the new equipment uses oil-free magnetic technology
and R513A environmentally friendly refrigerant, reducing the PUE of the data centre to about 1.7, an
improvement of 7% compared to 2020.


                        Reducing the PUE of the data centre to about      1.7, an improvement
                        of   7% compared to 2020.
In daily management, we employ intelligent monitoring systems to monitor the temperature and
humidity in the field in real time and automatically adjust the operation of refrigerators and air coolers
to ensure the efficient operation of the cooling system. At the same time, the system dynamically
adjusts energy management strategies based on the data centre’s electricity consumption and load
conditions, further optimising energy consumption based on meeting standards. For low-utilisation
cabinet rooms, we only turn on necessary lighting and air conditioning equipment; All newly
constructed data halls will use LED lighting tubes to save energy. The data centre is designed with a
hot and cold aisle layout, with raised floors and a building management system (BMS) to monitor the
operation status and energy use of E&M facilities.



         Macau Subsidiary Data Centre



The Macau subsidiary has implemented a series of energy-saving measures in communication
computer rooms and data centres to improve energy efficiency and reduce energy consumption. The
air conditioning system design of the communication computer room and data centre adopts cold aisle
containment solution in design of cooling system, reducing the power consumption of CRAC system
by about 20%. In addition, we fully use energy-efficient LED lights, reducing electricity consumption by
approximately 275 kWh.

                     Adopts cold aisle containment solution in design of cooling system, reducing
                     the power consumption of CRAC system by about       20%;
                     Adopts energy-efficient LED lights, reducing electricity consumption by
                     approximately   275 kWh.
In terms of mobile cell site stations, we use high-temperature resistant equipment to reduce the
demand for air conditioning and cooling, reducing energy consumption by around 10%. At the same
time, the air-conditioning system in the machine building uses energy-efficient equipment with high
energy efficiency ratio to replace the old equipment to further reduce power consumption. We also plan
to consolidate aging and decentralised small equipment buildings and concentrate resources on large
core data centres to maximise scale efficiency, improve energy efficiency, and facilitate management.
150   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


      Energy-saving Measures

      The Group continues to promote energy conservation efforts and is committed to reducing energy consumption
      in its daily operations. We actively reduce energy waste through intelligent monitoring, customer collaboration,
      and clean energy applications.




           Intelligent Monitoring and Dynamic                      Collaborative Emission Reduction For
           Management                                              Customers

           Data centres deploy real-time monitoring                Through the electricity report management
           systems to deeply analyse equipment data,               platform, we regularly provide electricity
           dynamically optimise energy strategies,                 consumption data to customers to help
           automatically adjust cooling systems                    them optimise energy management and
           based on weather forecasts, and prevent                 promote the implementation of energy-
           failures and energy waste through real-                 saving measures.
           time anomaly warnings and automatic
           emergency response mechanisms.




           Clean Energy Applications                               Clean Energy Generation

           Four electric vehicle charging devices are              The Macau subsidiar y inst alled solar
           installed in the car park area of the Hong              photovolt aic panels at the Coloane
           Kong headquarters to support green travel,              satellite station, generating approximately
           and solar panels and 15 solar lamps are                 3,120 kWh of electricity in 2025, which
           installed in some rooftop computer rooms,               will be fully sold to the Companhia de
           which are expected to generate 18 kWh of                Electricidade de Macau.
           renewable energy.
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025    151




                                                                        SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


Below are examples of energy-saving measures at various business locations:


             Hong Kong Headquarters Office


    The Hong Kong headquarters continues to implement initiatives to improve energy efficiency and
    reduce office energy consumption. We have supported WWF’s annual Earth Hour campaign for years,
    demonstrating our commitment to environmental protection by turning off office lights for one hour
    on the day of the event. In terms of office lighting, nearly 100% of the energy is T5 environmentally
    friendly and energy-saving light tubes, and LED lights are installed in most areas, while nearly 200
    surplus light tubes are removed. In addition, the staircase area is fully equipped with sensor lighting
    to avoid unnecessary electricity use. We also encourage employees to switch off unused electrical
    equipment after office hours and have placed energy-saving reminder labels near light switches and air-
    conditioning controls to promote responsible use of lighting and cooling.

    In terms of air-conditioning management, as building owners, we regularly inspect and replace the
    central air-conditioning system, adjusting the operating hours according to the utilisation rate and
    turning it on only during necessary times to reduce energy consumption. We also applied UV protection
    film to windows to reduce direct sunlight and reduce air conditioning requirements and adopted air-
    conditioning systems with automatic room temperature adjustment or shutdown features to further
    enhance energy efficiency.

    For equipment and procurement, we regularly inspect our lifts to improve energy efficiency and
    prioritise the procurement of energy-efficient products. The desktops, laptops and monitors purchased
    by the Group are TCO certified, and the batteries from UPS and generator sets, as well as electronic
    equipment (such as hard disks and laptops), are properly recycled in accordance with the policies of the
    Hong Kong Environmental Protection Department to avoid long-term environmental damage. We have
    included energy efficiency requirements in the procurement of energy-related products and aligned
    with the Mandatory Energy Efficiency Labelling Scheme to ensure that our products have Grade 1 or
    Level 2 energy labels. In addition, we have installed a lighting zone control system to independently
    control the lighting fixtures in different areas, and continuously monitor various energy consumption
    levels, including lighting electricity consumption, to ensure that energy conservation measures are
    implemented.

    We have installed automatic motion-sensor lighting control systems in our offices to ensure that lights
    are switched on or off based on occupancy, preventing unnecessary energy consumption in unoccupied
    areas.



             Macau Subsidiary Office


    At the Rua De Pedro Coutinho Building (office and telecom network equipment facilities), a central air－
    conditioning system equipped with magnetic levitation compressors has been adopted, reducing air－
    conditioning energy consumption by approximately 20%. Office air-conditioning temperatures are set at
    25.5°C with humidity maintained below 65%, resulting in a 10% reduction in energy consumption from
    air-handling units and a 10% reduction in central air-conditioning system energy use. On certain floors,
    traditional fresh air-air units have been replaced with heat recovery ventilation units, lowering energy
    consumption by 15% while improving indoor air quality. To extend equipment lifespan, we have installed
    a battery monitoring system to track the operational status of each battery in real time. In addition,
    motion-sensor LED lights have been installed in office corridors, achieving a further 16% reduction in
    energy usage compared with standard LED lighting.



             Singapore Subsidiary Office


    At the Singapore subsidiary office, the building’s air-conditioning system is centrally controlled and
    operates only during office hours, shutting down during non-working periods and public holidays to
    avoid energy consumption.
152   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


      Green Operation and Resource Management

      To advance green operations and strengthen resource management, we adhere to the “CITIC Telecom Green
      Policy” and integrate the 4R principles into our daily operations. Through initiatives such as digitalised application
      management, electronic billing, water-saving measures, waste-reduction and recycling programmes, and various
      environmental campaigns, we continue to enhance resource-use efficiency and reduce our carbon footprint.

      Electronic Application Management

      We actively promote paperless operations by implementing electronic workflows across the Group. These include
      the e-Workflow system, MOA (Mobile Office Automation) system, e-HR platform, and digital processes for
      payslips, tax returns, leave applications, employee training and activity registration, travel requests, recruitment
      needs, and performance evaluations. Our Singapore subsidiary also adopts digital employee records, employee
      self-service tools (such as e-Leave and e-Payslip), performance assessments, and an e-Billing system for customer
      invoicing, further reducing paper consumption. Furthermore, the new digital access application and registration
      system for data centres was launched in August this year, fully replacing paper-based procedures and significantly
      reducing paper usage.

      Electronic Bills

      Our Macau subsidiary has been actively encouraging customers to adopt electronic billing and online self-service
      platforms to foster a low-carbon and convenient lifestyle over the years. Since 2018, customers have been able
      to view bills and make payments via the “CTM Buddy” mobile app. Upon receiving customer consent, paper bills
      are discontinued, and payment reminders are sent via SMS. For customers not using the app, we introduced the
      CTM WeChat official account, which provides diversified billing and payment functions. These combined efforts
      resulted in electronic bills accounting for 89% of all bills issued during the year, with paper bills reduced to 11%,
      a 6% reduction compared with 2024. Paper envelope usage also decreased by 3% compared with 2024.

      To complement the electronic billing strategy, we launched a one-stop online application and electronic
      certificate management system to streamline customer processes and shorten processing times. This reduces
      paper printing and mailing costs while enhancing service efficiency and customer experience, which achieve both
      environmental and operational benefits. Paper-reduction measures such as double-sided printing, recycling bins
      and envelope reuse are also implemented across office areas to reinforce our paper-saving efforts.
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025         153




                                                                         SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


Enhance Stewardship on Water Use

Multiple water-saving measures have been implemented at our office buildings and data centres. Automatic
sensor faucets, which consume approximately 25% less water than traditional push-type faucets, have been
installed in restrooms, along with automated flushing systems to further improve water-use efficiency. Water-
saving reminders are displayed in pantries and restrooms to encourage employees to adopt water-conservation
habits. Water consumption is monitored through utility bills to maintain usage at low levels. At the equipment
level, our Macau subsidiary adopts chiller plant with oil-free compressor and magnetic bearings at the Rua De
Pedro Coutinho and CTM Telecentro to reduce reliance on water-based cooling. At the Hong Kong headquarters,
water of the cooling system from the data centre is reused for toilet flushing, further enhancing overall water-
resource efficiency.

Proactive Boost on Waste Recycling Rate

The Group continues to implement stringent waste management practices to ensure that all waste is handled in a
compliant, safe and environmentally responsible manner.

Hazardous waste, such as computers and electronic equipment, is processed by licensed and qualified disposal
contractors in accordance with local environmental regulations. Non-hazardous waste is properly handled
by professional cleaning and waste management service providers. To safeguard data security and uphold
environmental responsibility, we engage an IT asset disposal company with ISO certification and Dun & Bradstreet
ESG Registered IT Asset Disposition organisation annually to centrally collect and securely dispose hard disks
and tapes. Disposal contractors are required to provide detailed disposal reports and photographic evidence to
ensure full traceability throughout the entire process.

For IT asset management, all departments must complete asset inventory checks prior to disposal and submit a
disposal application form endorsed by both the Finance Department and the respective user department. We
also carry out centralised collection and disposal of waste electrical and electronic equipment (“WEEE”) every six
months to maintain standardised processes. Data centres appoint licensed contractors to collect used batteries,
cardboard boxes and other waste materials and obtain recycling certificates as proof of proper handling. The
Beijing KeChuang datahouse under our Hong Kong subsidiary also follows ISO 14001 requirements, implementing
environmental factor identification and materiality analysis procedures to ensure that recycling and disposal
activities meet international environmental management standards. Furthermore, disposal of UPS and generator
batteries, as well as electronic products (such as computer hard disks and laptops), is carried out in accordance
with Hong Kong environmental policies to ensure proper recycling and prevent long-term environmental harm.

At the office level, we provide recycling bins to facilitate the collection of wastepaper, plastic bottles and
aluminium cans, and promote practices such as double-sided printing and envelope reuse to minimise paper
waste. Through these measures, the Group continues to advance green operations, reduce its carbon footprint
and ensure that waste recycling and disposal processes comply with environmental and regulatory requirements.
154   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


      Environmental Activities

      The Group continues to promote environmental awareness among its employees through various communication
      channels and encourage active participation in sustainability-related activities. These includes:




                 Environmental Knowledge Promotion:
                 Establishing a “Green Corner” on the intranet
                 to regularly share environmental information;
                 c o - o r g a n i s i n g a n “ E n e r g y E ff i c i e n c y &
                 Conservation Talk and Interactive Roadshow”
                 with the Electrical and Mechanical Services
                 Department (EMSD) to promote knowledge
                 on energy classification, energy labelling
                 schemes, renewable energy applications and
                 household energy conservation.




                 Global Climate Action: Participating in
                 WWF’s global “Earth Hour” campaign for
                 the tenth consecutive year. To mark the 10th
                 anniversary of our participation, the initiative
                 was expanded this year to offices in Beijing,
                 Shanghai and Southeast Asia. On 19 March,
                 all participating offices switched off lights for
                 one hour during lunchtime, demonstrating
                 the Group’s long－term commitment to
                 sustainable development.




                 Community Recycling and Waste Reduction:
                 Organising red packet reuse and recycling
                 campaigns, as well as the “SHARE for Joy
                 Environment al Recycling Campaign”, and
                 actively supporting book recycling, clothing
                 recycling and the collection of children’s
                 apparel and mooncake boxes. Our Singapore
                 s u b s i d i a r y a l s o o r g a n i s e d b e a ch c l e a n -
                 ups, waste management workshops and
                 upcycling activities to promote community
                 waste transformation and marine ecological
                 protection.
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025          155




                                                                           SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



              Singapore Affiliate Waste Conversion & Marine Conservation Practice



    The Singapore subsidiar y organised a trip for
    e m p l oye e s t o t h e Ba n A m p h u r c o m m u n i t y i n
    Chonburi, Thailand, to participate in a Corporate
    Social Responsibility activity, learning about waste-
    to-value transformation and promoting sustainable
    practices. The activities included beach clean-ups,
    waste management learning stations, and upcycling
    workshops. A total of 9 kilograms of plastic bottle
    caps were collected and donated for the community’s
    “waste-to-value” projects. Employees also released
    juvenile crabs back into the ocean, highlighting the
    importance of protecting marine ecosystems and
    offering a profound experience of how collective
    action can positively impact the environment.




Environmental and Sustainable Procurement

To strengthen green operations and resource-responsible sourcing, the Group requires all new suppliers to
complete the “Supplier Sustainability Questionnaire” as part of our assessment process. This questionnaire
serves as a key reference for evaluating suppliers’ performance in environmental protection, social responsibility,
product quality and operational reliability. In addition, environmental protection clauses are incorporated into
cooperation agreements to reinforce the Group’s environmental commitments and drive continuous improvement
in environmental performance. We are committed to establishing a systematic supplier review mechanism and
enforcing end-to-end procurement governance under the Procurement Policy to ensure that all procured goods
and services adhere to the highest ethical standards and meet the Group’s quality and specification requirements.

In the supplier selection process, the Group has considered sustainability performance and professional
certifications as core evaluation indicators. Potential partners are required to provide information on their social
responsibility frameworks, environmental management systems (such as ISO 14001), specific environmental and
social targets, waste management measures, energy management programmes and recycling services. We also
encourage suppliers to regularly review and publicly report their sustainability performance.

We place strong emphasis on suppliers’ third-party certifications and prioritise those offering products and
packaging that are recyclable or environmentally safe. In procurement decisions, suppliers, brands and product
models that comply with environmental standards receive priority consideration. For example, when selecting
data-centre cabinet suppliers, we prioritise companies certified under RoHS2/REACH and those that meet both
ISO 9001 and ISO 14001 standards.

For procurement of IT equipment, the Group has established Environment Guidance Notes, giving priority to
TCO-certified desktop computers, laptops, monitors and projectors. Office paper and billing paper are selected
from the “Paper One”, which are certified by Forest Stewardship Council (FSC) and PEFC. Throughout the
procurement process, we prioritise environmentally friendly materials, including using biodegradable plastic bags
and adopting half-card SIM designs, which reduce PVC material usage by 50%. For new equipment procurement,
especially large installations, we require that all manufacturing materials comply with the latest environmental
requirements. For chiller replacement projects, we mandate the use of refrigerants that meet international
environmental standards.
156   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


      KEY PERFORMANCE INDICATORS SUMMARY
      Environmental Key Performance Indicators1

          Resource usage                                  Unit                                     2025                 2024            Variation
          Energy use
            Electricity                                   kWh                              79,484,845            81,741,910                 -2.8%
            Gasoline                                      litres                               94,591              102,5192                  -7.7%
            Diesel                                        litres                               15,324               16,7492                 -8.5%
            Energy use density                            GJ/million HKD                         36.5                  37.1                 -1.6%
                                                             Telecommunication
                                                             revenue
          Water consumption
           Water consumption                              m3                                     19,605               24,754               -20.8%
           Water consumption                              m3/million HKD                            2.5                  3.1               -19.4%
             density                                       Telecommunication
                                                           revenue

          Waste generation                                Unit                                     2025                 2024            Variation
          Non-hazardous waste generation
           Waste paper                                    kg                                     27,838               17,522              58.9%3
           Metal scrap                                    kg                                     98,733               31,580             212.6%4
           General waste5,8                               kg                                      2,982                     /                   /
           Other non-hazardous waste6                     pc                                         49                   48                2.1%
          Hazardous waste generation
           Computers, communications
             and electronic equipment                     pc                                     14,610                 7,840              86.4%
           Industrial batteries                           pc                                      1,257                   155             711.0%7
           Toner cartridges and
             ink cartridges                               pc                                        148                   127               16.5%
           Cable8                                         m                                      26,894                     /                    /
           Waste fluorescent tubes8                       kg                                          1                     /                    /




      1
             The data expressed in the report for 2024 to 2025 are rounded off or have slight differences from the actual annual rate of change.
      2
             After reviewing data accuracy, the figures have been restated.
      3
             The increase in waste paper generation is in response to the rising demand to promote new businesses.
      4
             The Macau subsidiary, due to SmarTone’s withdrawal from the Macau market, reached an agreement to provide telecommunication services
             to its customers for the remaining contract period, thus requiring the handling of customers’ legacy network equipment. At the same time,
             to manage the decommissioning of GSM/3G equipment, the volume of metal scrap increased.
      5
             General waste includes household waste, security equipment waste, office equipment waste, and scrapped official vehicles.
      6
             Other non-hazardous waste includes wooden cable shaft discs.
      7
             The increase in the generation of hazardous waste industrial batteries is due to the disposal of waste batteries by the Macau subsidiary,
             which has been fully recycled to support environmental protection.
      8
             The data is disclosed for the first time in 2025, so there are no comparative figures for 2024.
                                                  ANNUAL REPORT 2025   157




                                         SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



Waste recycling                  Unit    2025     2024     Variation
Non-hazardous waste recycling
 Waste paper                     kg      4,607    2,981       54.5%
 Metal scrap                     kg     98,733   31,580      212.6%
 General waste5,8                kg      2,886         /           /
 Other non-hazardous waste6      pc         49       44       11.4%
Hazardous waste recycling
 Computers, communications       pc     14,610    7,133      104.8%
   and electronic equipment
 Industrial batteries            pc      1,257      155      711.0%
 Toner cartridges and            pc        134      118       13.6%
   ink cartridges
 Cable8                          m      26,894         /           /
 Waste fluorescent tubes8        kg          1         /           /

Air emissions8                  Unit     2025     2024     Variation
Nitrogen oxides                 kg        57.5         /           /
Sulphur oxides                  kg         1.3         /           /
Particulate matter              kg         4.2         /           /
158   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



           GHG emissions9                            Unit                                          2025                 2024           Variation
           Scope 1:                                  tCO2e                                      1,723.3               662.22            160.2%10
           Direct emissions
           Scope 2:                                  tCO2e                                    42,322.4             43,210.2                -2.1%
           Indirect emissions
             from energy use
             (location-based)
           Scope 3:                                  tCO2e                                    39,438.2                   85.8       45,865.3%11
           Other indirect
             emissions
           •    Category 1:                          tCO2e                                     17,220.3                      /                    /
                Purchased goods and
                services
           •    Category 2:                          tCO2e                                    13,196.7                       /                    /
                Capital goods
           •    Category 3:                          tCO2e                                      5,495.6                      /                    /
                Fuel-and energy-related
                activities
           •    Category 5:                          tCO2e                                           5.1                     /                    /
                Waste generated in
                operations
           •    Category 6:                          tCO2e                                         118.2                     /                    /
                Business travel
           •    Category 11:                         tCO2e                                      3,386.7                      /                    /
                Use of sold products
           •    Category 12:                         tCO2e                                          15.6                     /                    /
                End-of-life treatment of
                sold products
           Total GHG emissions                       tCO2e                                    83,483.9            43,958.22                89.9%
           GHG emission intensity                    tCO2e/million HKD                            10.5                 5.52                90.9%
                                                       telecommunications
                                                       revenue




      9
              GHG emissions are calculated based on operational control and in accordance with the GHG Protocol. GHG emission factors reference the
              global warming potential values from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change’s Sixth Assessment Report, the Announcement on
              the Release of 2022 Power Sector Carbon Dioxide Emission Factors issued by the Ministry of Ecology and Environment and the National
              Bureau of Statistics of the People’s Republic of China, the US environmentally-extended input output (EEIO) database, the UK Government
              GHG Conversion Factors for Company Reporting, as well as the latest emission factors from Hong Kong Electric Company Limited, CLP
              Group, Companhia de Electricidade de Macau, Energy Market Authority of Singapore, and other regions.
      10
              The increase in Scope 1 direct emissions was mainly due to the increase in refrigerant usage driven by the need for regular refrigerant
              replenishment of some ageing air-conditioning equipment to maintain operation.
      11
              Scope 3 other indirect emissions increased compared to prior years, primarily due to the expansion of Scope 3 GHG emissions coverage
              to 7 categories in 2025.
                                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025              159




                                                                                          SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


Social Key Performance Indicators

Employment Data 12

                                                                                                       2025                        2024
     Total number of employees                                                                        2,416                       2,512
     Total number of employees by gender13
     Male                                                                                             1,569                       1,622
     Female                                                                                             847                         890
     Total number of employees by age group
     30 and below                                                                                       477                         562
     31-40                                                                                              987                       1,006
     41-50                                                                                              625                         609
     51 and above                                                                                       327                         335
     Total number of employees by employment contract
     Long-term                                                                                        1,992                       2,096
     Contract                                                                                           424                         416
     Total number of employees by employment category
     Senior management                                                                                    7                           6
     Middle management                                                                                   55                          56
     First-line manager                                                                                 359                         355
     General staff                                                                                    1,995                       2,095
     Total number of employees by geographical region
     Hong Kong                                                                                          468                         510
     Chinese Mainland                                                                                   741                         752
     Macau                                                                                              908                         939
     Singapore                                                                                          109                         120
     Other Asian Countries                                                                              126                         124
     European Countries and Others                                                                       64                          67




12
        This year, the statistics on the number of employees by gender, age and employment type have been extended to cover staff in Europe
        and the United Kingdom. The relevant data in 2024 has been restated accordingly.
13
        These include three Executive Directors and four Senior Management of the Group in this year as referenced to and disclosed under
        paragraph 12 of Appendix D2 of the Listing Rules.
160   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


      Employee Turnover Data 14,15

                                                                                                              2025                         2024
           Total employee turnover rate                                                                     13.7%                         11.7%
           Total employee turnover rate by geographical region
           Hong Kong                                                                                        20.9%                        13.3%
           Chinese Mainland                                                                                 10.7%                         9.0%
           Macau                                                                                            10.8%                        10.1%
           Singapore                                                                                        30.3%                        23.3%
           Other Asian Countries                                                                            13.5%                        24.2%
           European Countries and Others                                                                     3.1%                         6.0%
           Total employee turnover rate by gender
           Male                                                                                             12.8%                        12.1%
           Female                                                                                           15.5%                        11.5%
           Total employee turnover rate by age group
           30 and below                                                                                      27.7%                       21.2%
           31-40                                                                                             11.3%                       10.5%
           41-50                                                                                              8.5%                        7.0%
           51 and above                                                                                      10.7%                        4.2%

      Training Data 14

                                                                                                              2025                         2024
           Total training hours and average training hours
           Number of employees trained                                                                       2,215                        2,385
           Percentage of employees participated in training                                                 91.7%                        95.0%
           Total training hours                                                                             42,401                       37,703
           Average training hours per employee                                                                 17.6                        15.0
           Percentage of trained employees by gender
           Male                                                                                             93.6%                        96.9%
           Female                                                                                           88.2%                        98.7%
           Percentage of trained employees by employment category
           Senior management                                                                               100.0%                      100.0%
           Middle management                                                                                96.4%                       96.4%
           First-line manager                                                                               96.4%                       98.8%
           General staff                                                                                    90.7%                       97.4%
           Average training hours per employee by gender
           Male                                                                                                18.7                         16.0
           Female                                                                                              15.5                         14.4
           Average training hours per employee by
              employment category
           Senior management                                                                                   81.4                         41.4
           Middle management                                                                                   32.4                         23.7
           First-line manager                                                                                  20.6                         19.9
           General staff                                                                                       16.4                         14.4


      14
              The employee turnover rates by gender and age, as well as the percentage of trained employees and average training hours per employee
              by gender, have been expanded to cover employees in Europe and the United Kingdom this year. The relevant data in 2024 does not
              include these regions.
      15
              Employee turnover rate excludes retired staff.
                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025   161




                                      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


Occupational Health and Safety Data

                                           2025                 2024
 Lost days due to work injury              101.0               463.0
 Number of work-related fatalities             0                   0
 Fatality rate                             0.0%                0.0%

Supply Chain Data

                                           2025                 2024
 Hong Kong                                   376                 396
 Chinese Mainland                            446                 406
 Macau                                       349                 560
 Singapore                                 1,212                 443
 Other Asian Countries                       308                 328
 Pacific Countries                             5                   7
 North American Countries                     33                  29
 European Countries                           82                  28
 Middle East Countries                         0                   4
 African Countries                             1                   1
162   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


      ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORTING CODE
      Compliance with Reporting Standards

      This report has been prepared in accordance with the Hong Kong Stock Exchange’s Environmental, Social
      and Governance Reporting Code (formerly titled the Environmental, Social and Governance Reporting Guide)
      and complies with its mandatory disclosure requirements as well as the “comply or explain” provisions. In
      determining the report content, we have also followed the four principles advocated by the Exchange, materiality,
      quantification, balance and consistency, to ensure that the report meets the relevant standards.

      Reporting and Data Scope

      This report outlines the sustainability practices and performance of the Group headquarters and its subsidiaries
      for the period from 1 January to 31 December 2025. The Group applies the operational control approach to
      define the reporting boundary and determines the reporting scope based on the principle of materiality, taking
      into account its core business activities, primary sources of revenue, and the relationship between its operations
      and ESG factors. Unless otherwise stated, the disclosure of environmental data covers the Group’s core business
      units, including the headquarters, CTM, CPC and Acclivis, whose combined telecommunications service revenue
      accounts for over 90% of the Group’s total revenue in this category.

      Content Index

                                                                                                                           Referencing
       Key aspects            General disclosures and KPIs                             Section/statement                   page number

       Governance Structure   A statement from the board containing the following      Board Statement on                  Page 100
                              elements:                                                Environmental, Social and
                              (i)   a disclosure of the board’s oversight of ESG       Governance Issue
                                    issues;
                              (ii)  the board’s ESG management approach
                                    and strategy, including the process used to
                                    evaluate, prioritise and manage material ESG-
                                    related issues (including risks to the issuer’s
                                    businesses); and
                              (iii) how the board reviews progress made
                                    against ESG-related goals and targets with an
                                    explanation of how they relate to the issuer’s
                                    businesses.
       A. Environment
       Aspect A1:             General        Information on:                           Our Commitment to Green and         Pages 140-155
         Emissions            Disclosure     (a)   the policies; and                   Low-carbon Development
                                             (b)   compliance with relevant laws
                                                   and regulations that have           The Group is not aware of any
                                                   a significant impact on the         material non-compliance with
                                                   issuer relating to air emissions,   relevant laws and regulations
                                                   discharges into water and land,     that have a significant impact on
                                                   and generation of hazard and        the Group during the reporting
                                                   non-hazardous waste.                period.
                              KPI A1.1       The types of emissions and respective     Key Performance Indicators          Pages 156-158
                                             emissions data.                           Summary – Environmental Key
                                                                                       Performance Indicators
                                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025             163




                                                                               SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



                                                                                                                Referencing
Key aspects          General disclosures and KPIs                            Section/statement                  page number

                     KPI A1.3      Total hazardous waste produced            Key Performance Indicators         Pages 156-158
                                   (in tonnes) and, where appropriate,       Summary – Environmental Key
                                   intensity (e.g. per unit of production    Performance Indicators
                                   volume, per facility).
                     KPI A1.4      Total non-hazardous waste produced        Key Performance Indicators         Pages 156-158
                                   (in tonnes) and, where appropriate,       Summary – Environmental Key
                                   intensity (e.g. per unit of production    Performance Indicators
                                   volume, per facility).
                     KPI A1.5      Description of emissions target(s) set    Given the Group does not        Not applicable
                                   and steps taken to achieve them.          generate a significant amount
                                                                             of emissions during operation,
                                                                             the Group has not set emissions
                                                                             targets.
                     KPI A1.6      Description of how hazardous and          Our Commitment to Green and        Pages 140-155
                                   non-hazardous wastes are handled,         Low-carbon Development
                                   and a description of reduction
                                   target(s) set and steps taken to
                                   achieve them.
Aspect A2:           General       Policies on the efficient use of          Our Commitment to Green and        Pages 140-155
  Use of resources   Disclosure    resources, including energy, water        Low-carbon Development
                                   and other raw materials.
                     KPI A2.1      Direct and/or indirect energy             Key Performance Indicators         Pages 156-158
                                   consumption by type (e.g. electricity,    Summary – Environmental Key
                                   gas or oil) in total (kWh in ’000s) and   Performance Indicators
                                   intensity (e.g. per unit of production
                                   volume, per facility).
                     KPI A2.2      Water consumption in total and            Key Performance Indicators         Pages 156-158
                                   intensity (e.g. per unit of production    Summary – Environmental Key
                                   volume, per facility).                    Performance Indicators
                     KPI A2.3      Description of energy use efficiency      Our Commitment to Green and        Pages 140-155
                                   target(s) set and steps taken to          Low-carbon Development
                                   achieve them.
                     KPI A2.4      Description of whether there is any       The Group does not have any         Not applicable
                                   issue in sourcing water that is fit for   issue in sourcing water that is fit
                                   purpose, water efficiency target(s) set   for purpose.
                                   and steps taken to achieve them.
                     KPI A2.5      Total packaging material used for         Given the Group’s operations       Not applicable
                                   finished products (in tonnes) and, if     do not involve significant
                                   applicable, with reference to per unit    amount of packaging materials,
                                   produced.                                 this topic was regarded non-
                                                                             material in the materiality
                                                                             analysis, and thus such data is
                                                                             not disclosed.
164   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



                                                                                                                         Referencing
       Key aspects           General disclosures and KPIs                            Section/statement                   page number

       Aspect A3:            General       Policies on minimising the                Our Commitment to Green and         Pages 140-155
        The environment      Disclosure    issuer’s significant impacts on the       Low-carbon Development
         and natural                       environment and natural resources.
         resources           KPI A3.1      Description of the significant impacts    Our Commitment to Green and         Pages 140-155
                                           of activities on the environment and      Low-carbon Development
                                           natural resources and the actions
                                           taken to manage them.
       B. Social
       Employment and labour practices
       Aspect B1:            General       Information on:                           Investing in our Workforce and      Pages 122-131
         Employment          Disclosure    (a)   the policies; and                   Caring for Their Health
                                           (b)   compliance with relevant laws
                                                 and regulations that have a         The Group is not aware of any
                                                 significant impact on the issuer    material non-compliance with
                                                 relating to compensation and        relevant employment laws
                                                 dismissal, recruitment and          and regulations that have a
                                                 promotion, working hours, rest      significant impact on the Group
                                                 periods, equal opportunity,         during the reporting period.
                                                 diversity, anti-discrimination,
                                                 and other benefits and welfare.
                             KPI B1.1      Total workforce by gender,                Key Performance Indicators          Pages 159-161
                                           employment type, age Group and            Summary – Social Key
                                           geographical region.                      Performance Indicators
                             KPI B1.2      Employee turnover rate by gender,         Key Performance Indicators          Pages 159-161
                                           age Group and geographical region.        Summary – Social Key
                                                                                     Performance Indicators
       Aspect B2:            General       Information on:                           Investing in our Workforce and      Pages 122-131
         Health and safety   Disclosure    (a)   the policies; and                   Caring for Their Health
                                           (b)   compliance with relevant laws
                                                 and regulations that have           The Group is not aware of any
                                                 a significant impact on the         material non-compliance with
                                                 issuer relating to providing a      relevant laws and regulations
                                                 safe working environment and        that have a significant impact on
                                                 protecting employees from           the Group during the reporting
                                                 occupational hazards.               period.
                             KPI B2.1      Number and rate of work-related           Key Performance Indicators          Pages 159-161
                                           fatalities occurred in each of the past   Summary – Social Key
                                           three years including the reporting       Performance Indicators
                                           year.
                             KPI B2.2      Lost days due to work injury.             Key Performance Indicators          Pages 159-161
                                                                                     Summary – Social Key
                                                                                     Performance Indicators
                             KPI B2.3      Description of occupational health        Investing in our Workforce and      Pages 122-131
                                           and safety measures adopted, how          Caring for Their Health
                                           they are implemented and monitored.
                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025            165




                                                                                SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



                                                                                                                  Referencing
Key aspects           General disclosures and KPIs                            Section/statement                   page number

Aspect B3:            General       Policies on improving employees’          Investing in our Workforce and      Pages 122-131
  Development         Disclosure    knowledge and skills for discharging      Caring for Their Health
  and training                      duties at work. Description of training
                                    activities.
                      KPI B3.1      The percentage of employees trained       Key Performance Indicators          Pages 159-161
                                    by gender and employee category           Summary – Social Key
                                    (e.g. senior management, middle           Performance Indicators
                                    management).
                      KPI B3.2      The average training hours                Key Performance Indicators          Pages 159-161
                                    completed per employee by gender          Summary – Social Key
                                    and employee category.                    Performance Indicators
Aspect B4:            General       Information on:                           Investing in our Workforce and      Pages 122-131
  Labour standards    Disclosure    (a)   the policies; and                   Caring for Their Health
                                    (b)   compliance with relevant laws
                                          and regulations that have a         The Group has not violated any
                                          significant impact on the issuer    relevant laws and regulations on
                                          relating to preventing child and    the prevention of child or forced
                                          forced labour.                      labour.
                      KPI B4.1      Description of measures to review         Given the Group’s operations      Not applicable
                                    employment practices to avoid child       do not expose to significant risk
                                    and forced labour.                        of child and forced labour, this
                                                                              topic was regarded non-material
                                                                              in the materiality analysis, and
                                                                              thus such data is not disclosed.
                      KPI B4.2      Description of steps taken to             Given the Group’s operations      Not applicable
                                    eliminate such practices when             do not expose to significant risk
                                    discovered.                               of child and forced labour, this
                                                                              topic was regarded non-material
                                                                              in the materiality analysis, and
                                                                              thus such data is not disclosed.
Operating practices
Aspect B5:            General       Policies on managing environmental        Strengthening Governance and        Pages 110-121
  Supply chain        Disclosure    and social risks of the supply chain.     Risk Management
  management          KPI B5.1      Number of suppliers by geographical       Key Performance Indicators          Pages 159-161
                                    region.                                   Summary – Social Key
                                                                              Performance Indicators
                      KPI B5.2      Description of practices relating         Strengthening Governance and        Pages 110-121
                                    to engaging suppliers, number of          Risk Management
                                    suppliers where the practices are
                                    being implemented, how they are
                                    implemented and monitored.
                      KPI B5.3      Description of practices used to          Strengthening Governance and        Pages 110-121
                                    identify environmental and social risks   Risk Management
                                    along the supply chain, and how they
                                    are implemented and monitored.
166   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



                                                                                                                  Referencing
       Key aspects        General disclosures and KPIs                          Section/statement                 page number

                          KPI B5.4      Description of practices used to        Our Commitment to Green and       Pages 140-155
                                        promote environmentally preferable      Low-carbon Development
                                        products and services when
                                        selecting suppliers, and how they are
                                        implemented and monitored.
       Aspect B6:         General       Information on:                         Delivering Quality Service        Pages 132-134
         Product          Disclosure    (a)   the policies; and
         responsibility                 (b)   compliance with relevant laws     The Group is not aware of any
                                              and regulations that have         material non-compliance with
                                              a significant impact on the       relevant laws and regulations
                                              issuer relating to health and     on product responsibility that
                                              safety, advertising, labelling    have a significant impact on
                                              and privacy matters relating to   the Group during the reporting
                                              products and services provided    period.
                                              and methods of redress.
                          KPI B6.1      Percentage of total products sold or    Given the Group’s operations       Not applicable
                                        shipped subject to recalls for safety   do not expose to significant risk
                                        and health reasons.                     of product recalls, this topic was
                                                                                regarded non material in the
                                                                                materiality analysis, and thus
                                                                                such data is not disclosed.
                          KPI B6.2      Number of products and service-         Delivering Quality Service        Pages 132-134
                                        related complaints received and how
                                        they are dealt with.
                          KPI B6.3      Description of practices relating to    Strengthening Governance and      Pages 110-121
                                        observing and protecting intellectual   Risk Management
                                        property rights.
                          KPI B6.4      Description of quality assurance        Delivering Quality Service        Pages 132-134
                                        process and recall procedures.
                          KPI B6.5      Description of consumer data            Strengthening Governance and      Pages 110-121
                                        protection and privacy policies, how    Risk Management
                                        they are implemented and monitored.
                                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025       167




                                                                             SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



                                                                                                          Referencing
Key aspects        General disclosures and KPIs                            Section/statement              page number

Aspect B7:         General       Information on:                           Strengthening Governance and   Pages 110-121
 Anti corruption   Disclosure    (a)   the policies; and                   Risk Management
                                 (b)   compliance with relevant laws
                                       and regulations that have a
                                       significant impact on the issuer
                                       relating to bribery, extortion,
                                       fraud and money laundering.
                   KPI B7.1      Number of concluded legal cases           The Group is not aware of any Not applicable
                                 regarding corrupt practices brought       material non-compliance with
                                 against the issuer or its employees       relevant laws and regulations
                                 during the reporting period and the       on anti-corruption that have a
                                 outcomes of the cases.                    significant impact on the Group
                                                                           during the reporting period.
                   KPI B7.2      Description of preventive measures        Strengthening Governance and   Pages 110-121
                                 and whistle-blowing procedures, how       Risk Management
                                 they are implemented and monitored.
                   KPI B7.3      Description of anti-corruption training   Strengthening Governance and   Pages 110-121
                                 provided to directors and staff.          Risk Management
Community
Aspect B8:         General       Policies on community engagement          Building a Culture of Giving   Pages 135-139
  Community        Disclosure    to understand the needs of the
  investment                     communities where the issuer
                                 operates and to ensure its activities
                                 take into consideration the
                                 communities’ interests.
                   KPI B8.1      Focus areas of contribution (e.g.         Building a Culture of Giving   Pages 135-139
                                 education, environmental concerns,
                                 labour needs, health, culture, sport).
                   KPI B8.2      Resources contributed (e.g. money or      Building a Culture of Giving   Pages 135-139
                                 time) to the focus area.
168   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT


      Climate-related Disclosures

                                                                                                                          Referencing
       Aspect                  Indicator    Disclosure obligation                           Section/statement             page number

       Governance              19(a)        the governance body(s) (which can include         Sustainability Governance   Page 106
                                            a board, committee or equivalent body             Structure
                                            charged with governance) or individual(s)
                                            responsible for oversight of climate-related
                                            risks and opportunities. Specifically, the issuer
                                            shall identify that body(s) or individual(s) and
                                            disclose information about:
                               19(a)(i)     how the body(s) or individual(s) determines
                                            whether appropriate skills and competencies
                                            are available or will be developed to oversee
                                            strategies designed to respond to climate-
                                            related risks and opportunities;
                               19(a)(ii)    how and how often the body(s) or individual(s)
                                            is informed about climate-related risks and
                                            opportunities;
                               19(a)(iii)   how the body(s) or individual(s) takes
                                            into account climate-related risks and
                                            opportunities when overseeing the issuer’s
                                            strategy, its decisions on major transactions,
                                            and its risk management processes and
                                            related policies, including whether the body(s)
                                            or individual(s) has considered trade-offs
                                            associated with those risks and opportunities;
                               19(a)(iv)    how the body(s) or individual(s) oversees
                                            the setting of, and monitors progress
                                            towards, targets related to climate-related
                                            risks and opportunities (see paragraphs 37
                                            to 40), including whether and how related
                                            performance metrics are included in
                                            remuneration policies (see paragraph 35); and
                               19(b)        management’s role in the governance
                                            processes, controls and procedures used to
                                            monitor, manage and oversee climate-related
                                            risks and opportunities, including information
                                            about:
                               19(b)(i)     whether the role is delegated to a specific
                                            management-level position or management-
                                            level committee and how oversight is
                                            exercised over that position or committee;
                                            and
                               19(b)(ii)    whether management uses controls and
                                            procedures to support the oversight of
                                            climate-related risks and opportunities and,
                                            if so, how these controls and procedures are
                                            integrated with other internal functions.
                                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025             169




                                                                                     SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



                                                                                                                          Referencing
Aspect                         Indicator   Disclosure obligation                         Section/statement                page number

Strategy   Climate-            20          An issuer shall disclose information to enable Our Commitment to Green         Pages 140-147
           related risks and               an understanding of climate-related risks         and Low-carbon Development
           opportunities                   and opportunities that could reasonably be        – Our Response to Climate
                                           expected to affect the issuer’s cash flows, its Change
                                           access to finance or cost of capital over the
                                           short, medium or long term. Specifically, the
                                           issuer shall:
                               20(a)       describe climate-related risks and
                                           opportunities that could reasonably be
                                           expected to affect the issuer’s cash flows, its
                                           access to finance or cost of capital over the
                                           short, medium or long term;
                               20(b)       explain, for each climate-related risk the issuer
                                           has identified, whether the issuer considers
                                           the risk to be a climate-related physical risk or
                                           climate-related transition risk;
                               20(c)       specify, for each climate-related risk and
                                           opportunity the issuer has identified, over
                                           which time horizons – short, medium or long
                                           term – the effects of each climate-related
                                           risk and opportunity could reasonably be
                                           expected to occur; and
                               20(d)       explain how the issuer defines ‘short term’,
                                           ‘medium term’ and ‘long term’ and how these
                                           definitions are linked to the planning horizons
                                           used by the issuer for strategic decision-
                                           making.
           Business model      21          An issuer shall disclose information that        Our Commitment to Green       Pages 140-147
           and value chain                 enables an understanding of the current and and Low-carbon Development
                                           anticipated effects of climate-related risks and – Our Response to Climate
                                           opportunities on the issuer’s business model Change
                                           and value chain. Specifically, the issuer shall
                                           disclose:
                               21(a)       a description of the current and anticipated
                                           effects of climate-related risks and
                                           opportunities on the issuer’s business model
                                           and value chain; and
                               21(b)       a description of where in the issuer’s business
                                           model and value chain climate-related risks
                                           and opportunities are concentrated (for
                                           example, geographical areas, facilities and
                                           types of assets).
170   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



                                                                                                                                 Referencing
       Aspect                       Indicator    Disclosure obligation                          Section/statement                page number

                  Strategy and      22           An issuer shall disclose information that         Our Commitment to Green       Pages 140-147
                  decision-making                enables an understanding of the effects of        and Low-carbon Development
                                                 climate-related risks and opportunities on its – Our Response to Climate
                                                 strategy and decision-making. Specifically, the Change
                                                 issuer shall disclose:
                                    22(a)        information about how the issuer has              The Group has not yet
                                                 responded to, and plans to respond to,            developed a climate-related
                                                 climate-related risks and opportunities in its    transition plan.
                                                 strategy and decision-making, including how
                                                 the issuer plans to achieve any climate-related
                                                 targets it has set and any targets it is required
                                                 to meet by law or regulation. Specifically, the
                                                 issuer shall disclose information about:
                                    22(a)(i)     current and anticipated changes to the
                                                 issuer’s business model, including its resource
                                                 allocation, to address climate-related risks and
                                                 opportunities;
                                    22(a)(ii)    current and anticipated adaptation and
                                                 mitigation efforts (whether direct or indirect);
                                    22(a)(iii)   any climate-related transition plan the
                                                 issuer has (including information about key
                                                 assumptions used in developing its transition
                                                 plan, and dependencies on which the issuer’s
                                                 transition plan relies), or an appropriate
                                                 negative statement where the issuer does not
                                                 have a climate-related transition plan; and
                                    22(a)(iv)    how the issuer plans to achieve any climate-
                                                 related targets (including any greenhouse
                                                 gas emissions targets (if any)), described in
                                                 accordance with paragraphs 37 to 40; and
                                    22(b)        information about how the issuer is
                                                 resourcing, and plans to resource, the
                                                 activities disclosed in accordance with
                                                 paragraph 22(a).
                                    23           An issuer shall disclose information about
                                                 the progress of plans disclosed in previous
                                                 reporting periods in accordance with
                                                 paragraph 22(a).
                                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025               171




                                                                                      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



                                                                                                                              Referencing
Aspect                       Indicator   Disclosure obligation                             Section/statement                  page number

         Current financial   24          An issuer shall disclose qualitative and          Our Commitment to Green            Pages 140-147
         effect                          quantitative information about:                   and Low-carbon Development
                             24(a)       how climate-related risks and opportunities       – Our Response to Climate
                                         have affected its financial position, financial   Change
                                         performance and cash flows for the reporting
                                         period; and
                             24(b)       the climate-related risks and opportunities
                                         identified in paragraph 24(a) for which there
                                         is a significant risk of a material adjustment
                                         within the next annual reporting period to
                                         the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities
                                         reported in the related financial statements.
         Anticipated         25          The issuer shall provide qualitative and          Our Commitment to Green            Pages 140-147
         financial effect                quantitative disclosures about:                   and Low-carbon Development
                             25(a)       how the issuer expects its financial position     – Our Response to Climate
                                         to change over the short, medium and long         Change
                                         term, given its strategy to manage climate-
                                         related risks and opportunities, taking into      As we continue to enhance
                                         consideration:                                    our capabilities in managing
                             25(a)(i)    its investment and disposal plans; and            climate-related risks and
                             25(a)(ii)   its planned sources of funding to implement       opportunities, we plan to
                                         its strategy; and                                 conduct quantitative climate
                             25(b)       how the issuer expects its financial              scenario analysis in the future.
                                         performance and cash flows to change over         This analysis will help assess
                                         the short, medium and long term, given its        the anticipated financial
                                         strategy to manage climate-related risks and      impacts of climate risks and
                                         opportunities.                                    opportunities across short,
                                                                                           medium, and long terms. We
                                                                                           will closely monitor market
                                                                                           developments and provide
                                                                                           quantified information in future
                                                                                           reports.
172   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



                                                                                                                                Referencing
       Aspect                       Indicator    Disclosure obligation                         Section/statement                page number

                  Climate resilience 26          An issuer shall disclose information that         Our Commitment to Green      Pages 140-147
                                                 enables an understanding of the resilience        and Low-carbon Development
                                                 of the issuer’s strategy and business model       – Our Response to Climate
                                                 to climate-related changes, developments          Change
                                                 and uncertainties, taking into consideration
                                                 the issuer’s identified climate-related risks
                                                 and opportunities. An issuer shall use
                                                 climate-related scenario analysis to assess its
                                                 climate resilience using an approach that is
                                                 commensurate with an issuer’s circumstances.
                                                 In providing quantitative information, the
                                                 issuer may disclose a single amount or a
                                                 range. Specifically, the issuer shall disclose:
                                    26(a)        the issuer’s assessment of its climate resilience
                                                 as at the reporting date, which shall enable an
                                                 understanding of:
                                    26(a)(i)     the implications, if any, of the issuer’s
                                                 assessment for its strategy and business
                                                 model, including how the issuer would need
                                                 to respond to the effects identified in the
                                                 climate-related scenario analysis;
                                    26(a)(ii)    the significant areas of uncertainty considered
                                                 in the issuer’s assessment of its climate
                                                 resilience; and
                                    26(a)(iii)   the issuer’s capacity to adjust, or adapt its
                                                 strategy and business model to climate
                                                 change over the short, medium or long term;
                                    26(b)        how and when the climate-related scenario
                                                 analysis was carried out, including:
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025              173




                                                                      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



                                                                                                         Referencing
Aspect       Indicator    Disclosure obligation                             Section/statement            page number

             26(b)(i)     information about the inputs used, including:
                          (1)    which climate-related scenarios the
                                 issuer used for the analysis and the
                                 sources of such scenarios;
                          (2)    whether the analysis included a diverse
                                 range of climate-related scenarios;
                          (3)    whether the climate-related scenarios
                                 used for the analysis are associated
                                 with climate-related transition risks or
                                 climate-related physical risks;
                          (4)    whether the issuer used, among its
                                 scenarios, a climate-related scenario
                                 aligned with the latest international
                                 agreement on climate change;
                          (5)    why the issuer decided that its chosen
                                 climate-related scenarios are relevant
                                 to assessing its resilience to climate-
                                 related changes, developments or
                                 uncertainties;
                          (6)    time horizons the issuer used in the
                                 analysis; and
                          (7)    what scope of operations the issuer
                                 used in the analysis (for example, the
                                 operation, locations and business units
                                 used in the analysis);
             26(b)(ii)    the key assumptions the issuer made in the
                          analysis; and
             26(b)(iii)   the reporting period in which the climate-
                          related scenario analysis was carried out.
Risk         27           An issuer shall disclose information about:       Our Commitment to Green        Pages 140-147
Management   27(a)        the processes and related policies it uses to and Low-carbon Development
                          identify, assess, prioritise and monitor climate- – Our Response to Climate
                          related risks, including information about:       Change
             27(a)(i)     the inputs and parameters the issuer uses
                          (for example, information about data sources Compared to the previous
                          and the scope of operations covered in the        reporting period, the Group
                          processes);                                       has not changed the processes
             27(a)(ii)    whether and how the issuer uses climate-          used to identify and evaluate
                          related scenario analysis to inform its           climate-related opportunities.
                          identification of climate-related risks;
             27(a)(iii)   how the issuer assesses the nature, likelihood
                          and magnitude of the effects of those risks
                          (for example, whether the issuer considers
                          qualitative factors, quantitative thresholds or
                          other criteria);
             27(a)(iv)    whether and how the issuer prioritises climate-
                          related risks relative to other types of risks;
             27(a)(v)     how the issuer monitors climate-related risks;
                          and
174   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



                                                                                                                              Referencing
       Aspect                         Indicator    Disclosure obligation                               Section/statement      page number

                                      27(a)(vi)    whether and how the issuer has changed the
                                                   processes it uses compared with the previous
                                                   reporting period;
                                      27(b)        the processes the issuer uses to identify,
                                                   assess, prioritise and monitor climate-related
                                                   opportunities (including information about
                                                   whether and how the issuer uses climate-
                                                   related scenario analysis to inform its
                                                   identification of climate-related opportunities);
                                                   and
                                      27(c)        the extent to which, and how, the processes
                                                   for identifying, assessing, prioritising
                                                   and monitoring climate-related risks and
                                                   opportunities are integrated into and inform
                                                   the issuer’s overall risk management process.
       Metrics and   Greenhouse gas   28           An issuer shall disclose its absolute gross      Key Performance Indicators Pages 156-158
       Targets       emissions                     greenhouse gas emissions generated during Summary – Environmental Key
                                                   the reporting period, expressed as metric        Performance Indicators
                                                   tons of CO2 equivalent, classified as:
                                      28(a)        Scope 1 greenhouse gas emissions;
                                      28(b)        Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions; and
                                      28(c)        Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions.
                                      29           An issuer shall:
                                      29(a)        measure its greenhouse gas emissions
                                                   in accordance with the Greenhouse Gas
                                                   Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and
                                                   Reporting Standard (2004) unless required by
                                                   a jurisdictional authority or another exchange
                                                   on which the issuer is listed to use a different
                                                   method for measuring greenhouse gas
                                                   emissions;
                                      29(b)        disclose the approach it uses to measure its
                                                   greenhouse gas emissions including:
                                      29(b)(i)     the measurement approach, inputs and
                                                   assumptions the issuer uses to measure its
                                                   greenhouse gas emissions;
                                      29(b)(ii)    the reason why the issuer has chosen the
                                                   measurement approach, inputs and assumptions
                                                   it uses to measure its greenhouse gas emissions;
                                                   and
                                      29(b)(iii)   any changes the issuer made to the measurement
                                                   approach, inputs and assumptions during the
                                                   reporting period and the reasons for those
                                                   changes;
                                      29(c)        for Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions disclosed
                                                   in accordance with paragraph 28(b), disclose
                                                   its location-based Scope 2 greenhouse gas
                                                   emissions, and provide information about any
                                                   contractual instruments that is necessary to
                                                   enable an understanding of the issuer’s Scope 2
                                                   greenhouse gas emissions; and
                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025                 175




                                                                                          SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



                                                                                                                                Referencing
Aspect                      Indicator   Disclosure obligation                              Section/statement                    page number

                            29(d)       for Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions disclosed
                                        in accordance with paragraph 28(c), disclose the
                                        categories included within the issuer’s measure
                                        of Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions, in
                                        accordance with the Scope 3 categories described
                                        in the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate
                                        Value Chain (Scope 3) Accounting and Reporting
                                        Standard (2011).
         Climate-related    30          An issuer shall disclose the amount and            During the reporting year, the        Not applicable
         transition risks               percentage of assets or business activities        Group conducted a qualitative
                                        vulnerable to climate-related transition risks.    climate scenario analysis
         Climate-related    31          An issuer shall disclose the amount and            and identified climate-related
         physical risks                 percentage of assets or business activities        transition risks, physical risks, and
                                        vulnerable to climate-related physical risks.      opportunities. However, based on
         Climate-related    32          An issuer shall disclose the amount and            the Group’s current assessment
         opportunities                  percentage of assets or business activities        and mitigation measures, no
                                        aligned with climate-related opportunities.        assets or business activities have
                                                                                           been identified as significantly
                                                                                           vulnerable to transition or
                                                                                           physical risks. Meanwhile, as
                                                                                           customer demand for carbon
                                                                                           reduction-related information
                                                                                           and communications technology
                                                                                           services continues to grow,
                                                                                           the Group has implemented
                                                                                           relevant energy-saving and
                                                                                           green technology solutions
                                                                                           in its operations, and expects
                                                                                           these opportunities to generate
                                                                                           additional business value in the
                                                                                           future. The Group will continue
                                                                                           to monitor climate-related risks
                                                                                           and opportunities and disclose
                                                                                           quantitative data in future reports
                                                                                           as appropriate.
         Capital            33          An issuer shall disclose the amount of             The Group has continued to       Not applicable
         deployment                     capital expenditure, financing or investment       invest resources in improving
                                        deployed towards climate-related risks and         the energy efficiency of its
                                        opportunities.                                     data centres and completed
                                                                                           the replacement of chiller units
                                                                                           during the reporting year. As
                                                                                           the related expenditures were
                                                                                           not financially material, they
                                                                                           have not been disclosed.
176   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



                                                                                                                               Referencing
       Aspect                       Indicator   Disclosure obligation                         Section/statement                page number

                  Internal carbon   34          An issuer shall disclose:                     The Group currently does not     Not applicable
                  prices            34(a)       an explanation of whether and how the issuer apply carbon pricing in its
                                                is applying a carbon price in decision-making decision-making.
                                                (for example, investment decisions, transfer
                                                pricing, and scenario analysis); and
                                    34(b)       the price of each metric tonne of greenhouse
                                                gas emissions the issuer uses to assess the
                                                costs of its greenhouse gas emissions;
                                                or an appropriate negative statement that the
                                                issuer does not apply a carbon price in
                                                decision-making.
                  Remuneration      35          An issuer shall disclose whether and how      Sustainability Governance        Page 106
                                                climate-related considerations are factored   Structure
                                                into remuneration policy, or an appropriate
                                                negative statement. This may form part of the
                                                disclosure under paragraph 19(a)(iv).
                  Climate-related   37          An issuer shall disclose (a) the qualitative      Our Commitment to Green      Pages 140-147
                  targets                       and quantitative climate-related targets the      and Low-carbon Development
                                                issuer has set to monitor progress towards        – Our Response to Climate
                                                achieving its strategic goals; and (b) any        Change
                                                targets the issuer is required to meet by law
                                                or regulation, including any greenhouse gas
                                                emissions targets. For each target, the issuer
                                                shall disclose:
                                    37(a)       the metric used to set the target;
                                    37(b)       the objective of the target (for example,
                                                mitigation, adaptation or conformance with
                                                science-based initiatives);
                                    37(c)       the part of the issuer to which the target
                                                applies (for example, whether the target
                                                applies to the issuer in its entirety or only a
                                                part of the issuer, such as a specific business
                                                unit or geographic region);
                                    37(d)       the period over which the target applies;
                                    37(e)       the base period from which progress is
                                                measured;
                                    37(f)       milestones or interim targets (if any);
                                    37(g)       if the target is quantitative, whether the target
                                                is an absolute target or an intensity target;
                                                and
                                    37(h)       how the latest international agreement on
                                                climate change, including jurisdictional
                                                commitments that arise from that agreement,
                                                has informed the target.
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025               177




                                                                SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



                                                                                                     Referencing
Aspect   Indicator   Disclosure obligation                          Section/statement                page number

         38          An issuer shall disclose information about       Our Commitment to Green         Pages 140-147
                     its approach to setting and reviewing each       and Low-carbon Development
                     target, and how it monitors progress against – Our Response to Climate
                     each target, including:                          Change
         38(a)       whether the target and the methodology for The targets and the
                     setting the target has been validated by a       methodology for setting
                     third party;                                     the targets have not been
         38(b)       the issuer’s processes for reviewing the target; validated by a third party. No
         38(c)       the metrics used to monitor progress towards revisions have been made to
                     reaching the target; and                         the targets.
         38(d)       any revisions to the target and an explanation
                     for those revisions.
         39          An issuer shall disclose information about its Our Commitment to Green           Pages 140-147
                     performance against each climate-related         and Low-carbon Development
                     target and an analysis of trends or changes in – Our Response to Climate
                     the issuer’s performance.                        Change
         40          For each greenhouse gas emissions target         The Group will assess the       Not applicable
                     disclosed in accordance with paragraphs 37 to feasibility of establishing GHG
                     39, an issuer shall disclose:                    emission targets in the future.
         40(a)       which greenhouse gases are covered by the
                     target;
         40(b)       whether Scope 1, Scope 2 or Scope 3
                     greenhouse gas emissions are covered by the
                     target;
178   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      SUSTAINABILITY REPORT



                                                                                                                    Referencing
       Aspect                 Indicator    Disclosure obligation                                Section/statement   page number

                              40(c)        whether the target is a gross greenhouse gas
                                           emissions target or a net greenhouse gas
                                           emissions target. If the issuer discloses a net
                                           greenhouse gas emissions target, the issuer
                                           is also required to separately disclose its
                                           associated gross greenhouse gas emissions
                                           target;
                              40(d)        whether the target was derived using a
                                           sectoral decarbonisation approach; and
                              40(e)        the issuer’s planned use of carbon credits to
                                           offset greenhouse gas emissions to achieve
                                           any net greenhouse gas emissions target. In
                                           explaining its planned use of carbon credits,
                                           the issuer shall disclose:
                              40(e)(i)     the extent to which, and how, achieving any
                                           net greenhouse gas emissions target relies on
                                           the use of carbon credits;
                              40(e)(ii)    which third-party scheme(s) will verify or certify
                                           the carbon credits;
                              40(e)(iii)   the type of carbon credit, including whether
                                           the underlying offset will be nature-based
                                           or based on technological carbon removals,
                                           and whether the underlying offset is achieved
                                           through carbon reduction or removal; and
                              40(e)(iv)    any other factors necessary to enable an
                                           understanding of the credibility and integrity
                                           of the carbon credits the issuer plans to use
                                           (for example, assumptions regarding the
                                           permanence of the carbon offset).
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025         179




                                       INDEPENDENT AUDITOR ’S REPORT




Independent Auditor’s Report
to the members of CITIC Telecom International Holdings Limited
(incorporated in Hong Kong with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of CITIC Telecom International Holdings Limited (“the
Company”) and its subsidiaries (“the Group”) set out on pages 186 to 277, which comprise the consolidated
statement of financial position as at 31 December 2025, the consolidated income statement, the consolidated
statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated cash
flow statement for the year then ended and notes, comprising material accounting policy information and other
explanatory information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial
position of the Group as at 31 December 2025 and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated
cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the Hong Kong
Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued by the
HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for
the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in
accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (“the Code”), as applicable to audits
of financial statements of public interest entities. We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in
accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to
provide a basis for our opinion.
180   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


      KEY AUDIT MATTERS
      Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit
      of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of
      our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not
      provide a separate opinion on these matters.

      Impairment assessments of goodwill

      Refer to note 13 and the accounting policies in note 1(o)(ii) to the consolidated financial statements.

       The Key Audit Matter                                       How the matter was addressed in our audit
       As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s goodwill of            Our audit procedures in relation to the impairment
       HK$9,738 million was allocated to groups of cash-          assessments of goodwill included:
       generating units (“CGUs”) comprising: (i) Telecoms
       business – Macau, (ii) Enterprise solutions (outside       •   Obtaining an understanding of the management’s
       Macau), and (iii) Other telecommunications services.           impairment assessments, and assessing
                                                                      management’s identification of CGUs and the
       Management performs annual impairment assessments              allocation of goodwill to the respective CGUs with
       of goodwill, or more frequently if events or changes in        reference to the requirements of the prevailing
       circumstances indicate that goodwill might be impaired.        accounting standards and our understanding of
       In performing such assessments, management                     the Group’s business;
       allocates goodwill to the respective CGUs and
       determines the recoverable amount of each CGU based        •   Involving our internal valuation specialists to
       on value-in-use calculations using discounted cashflow         assist us in evaluating the appropriateness of
       forecasts. The preparation of discounted cashflow              the methodology applied in the impairment
       forecasts involves significant management judgement,           assessments with reference to requirements
       particularly in estimating future revenue growth rates,        of the prevailing accounting standards and the
       gross profit margins, long-term growth rates and               reasonableness of the long term growth rates
       discount rates.                                                and the discount rates by comparing with those
                                                                      used by companies in the same industry and/or
                                                                      available market data;
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025              181




                                                        INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
Impairment assessments of goodwill (Continued)

 The Key Audit Matter                                   How the matter was addressed in our audit
 We identified the impairment assessments of goodwill   •   Eval uati ng the reasonabl eness of the key
 as a key audit matter because the impairment               a s s u m p t i o n s u s e d w i t h r e fe r e n c e t o o u r
 assessments prepared by management are complex             understanding of the business, historical
 and involve significant management judgement which         performance, the Group’s future business plans and
 could be subject to management bias.                       observable market data of the telecommunications
                                                            sector;

                                                        •   Comparing the revenue and gross profit margins
                                                            included in discounted cashflow forecasts
                                                            prepared in the prior year with the current year’s
                                                            actual performance and making enquiries of
                                                            management as to the reasons for any significant
                                                            variations identified, to assess the reliability of
                                                            management’s forecasting process and whether
                                                            there were any indicators of management bias;

                                                        •   Performing sensitivit y analyses on the key
                                                            assumptions adopted in the discounted cashflow
                                                            forecasts and assessing the impact of changes in
                                                            key assumptions on the conclusions reached in
                                                            the impairment assessments; and

                                                        •   Assessing the reasonableness of the disclosures
                                                            in the consolidated financial st atements in
                                                            respect of the impairment assessments of
                                                            goodwill with reference to the requirements of
                                                            the prevailing accounting standards.
182   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


      KEY AUDIT MATTERS (Continued)
      Revenue recognition from telecommunications services: telecommunications billing systems

      Refer to note 3 and the accounting policies in note 1(z) to the consolidated financial statements.

       The Key Audit Matter                                                     How the matter was addressed in our audit
       The Group recognised revenue of HK$5,206 million                         Our audit procedures to assess the recognition of
       from the provision of mobile ser vices, internet                         revenue from telecommunications services included
       services, international telecommunications services                      the following:
       and fixed line services during the year ended 31
       December 2025.                                                           •   With the assistance of our information technology
                                                                                    specific team members, evaluating the design,
       Recognition of revenue from telecommunications                               implementation and operating effectiveness of key
       s e r v i c e s i s h i g h l y r e l i a n t o n t h e G r o u p ’s         internal controls over:
       telecommunications billing systems, which are
       complex and process large volumes of data with                               •   the general IT controls for the telecommunications
       a large combination of different products sold and                               billing systems, including access to programme
       services provided, and price changes during the year.                            controls, programme change controls, and
                                                                                        computer operation controls;

                                                                                    •   IT application controls, with particular emphasis
                                                                                        on the capturing and recording the data usage,
                                                                                        authorisation of rate changes and calculation of
                                                                                        amounts billed to customers;

                                                                                    •   the end-to-end interface controls from the
                                                                                        telecommunications billing systems to the
                                                                                        accounting system;

                                                                                •   Assessing the design, implement ation and
                                                                                    operating effectiveness of key manual controls
                                                                                    over the revenue recognition process;

                                                                                •   Selecting, on a sample basis, invoices generated
                                                                                    from the telecommunications billing systems,
                                                                                    and comparing the nature and rates of services
                                                                                    to the underlying customer contracts and
                                                                                    relevant documentation; and

       We i d e n t i f i e d r e c o g n i t i o n o f r e v e n u e f r o m   •   Reconciling revenue recorded by the
       telecommunications services as a key audit matter                            telecommunications billing systems with the
       because of the complexity of the telecommunications                          general ledger and evaluating whether the
       billing systems, the large volumes of data processed,                        reconciling items are adequately supported by
       and the significant reliance placed on those systems                         relevant documentation, on a sample basis.
       for accurate revenue recognition.
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025          183




                                                           INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


INFORMATION OTHER THAN THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS AND AUDITOR ’S REPORT THEREON
The directors are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises all the information
included in the annual report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon as part of our engagement to audit the consolidated financial
statements. We have performed an assurance engagement on the disclosed continuing connected transactions
that form part of the other information and provided a separate assurance practitioner’s conclusion thereon that
is included within the other information.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated.

If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other
information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a true and fair
view in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued by the HKICPA and the Hong Kong Companies
Ordinance and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors are responsible for assessing the Group’s ability
to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using the going
concern basis of accounting unless the directors either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or
have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s
financial reporting process.
184   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


      AUDITOR ’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
      FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
      Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a
      whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that
      includes our opinion. This report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section 405 of the Hong
      Kong Companies Ordinance, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
      liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

      Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
      with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud
      or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to
      influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

      As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
      scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

      •   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due
          to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence
          that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
          misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
          forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

      •   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
          appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of
          the Group’s internal control.

      •   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates
          and related disclosures made by the directors.

      •   Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based
          on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that
          may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a
          material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures
          in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our
          conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
          events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

      •   Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including
          the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions
          and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025          185




                                                            INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


AUDITOR ’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued)
•   Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial
    information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an opinion on the
    consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction, supervision and review of the audit
    work performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of
the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify
during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence and communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably
be thought to bear on our independence and, where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the
key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be
communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to
outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Ho Wai Ming (practising
certificate number: P05285).




KPMG
Certified Public Accountants

8th Floor, Prince’s Building
10 Chater Road
Central
Hong Kong

12 March 2026
186   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      CONSOLIDATED INCOME STATEMENT
      for the year ended 31 December 2025
      (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

                                                                                            2025            2024
                                                                           Note         $ million        $ million

       Revenue                                                             3(a)             9,567           9,573
       Valuation loss on investment properties                             10(a)              (10)             (7)
       Other income                                                          4                 64              86
       Cost of sales and services                                          5(a)            (5,968)         (6,022)
       Depreciation and amortisation                                       5(b)              (683)           (727)
       Staff costs                                                         5(c)            (1,085)         (1,020)
       Other operating expenses                                                              (605)           (550)
                                                                                            1,280           1,333
       Finance costs                                                        5(d)             (152)           (252)
       Share of profit of a joint venture                                                       –               1
       Profit before taxation                                                5              1,128           1,082
       Income tax                                                           6(a)             (193)           (154)
       Profit for the year                                                                    935             928
       Attributable to:
       Equity shareholders of the Company                                                     920             910
       Non-controlling interests                                                               15              18
       Profit for the year                                                                    935             928
       Earnings per share (HK cents)                                         9
       Basic and diluted earnings per share                                                  24.9            24.6




      The notes on pages 191 to 277 form part of these financial statements. Details of dividends payable to equity
      shareholders of the Company attributable to the profit for the year are set out in note 28(b).
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025           187




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                    for the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                        (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

                                                                                              2025              2024
                                                                          Note            $ million          $ million

 Profit for the year                                                                            935               928
 Other comprehensive income for the year (after tax and
    reclassification adjustments)
 Items that will not be reclassified to profit or loss:
 Remeasurement of defined benefit plan assets/obligations, net           26(c)(v)                41                12
 Deferred tax recognised on the remeasurement of defined
    benefit plan assets/obligations, net                                  6(d)                    (5)               (1)
                                                                                                 36                 11
 Items that are or may be reclassified subsequently to profit or loss:
 Foreign currency translation adjustments:
    – exchange differences on translation of financial statements of
        operations outside Hong Kong and its related borrowings                                  55                (30)
 Net movement in the hedging reserve                                                             (6)                 2
                                                                                                 49                (28)
 Other comprehensive income for the year                                                         85                (17)
 Total comprehensive income for the year                                                      1,020               911
 Attributable to:
 Equity shareholders of the Company                                                           1,002               895
 Non-controlling interests                                                                       18                16
 Total comprehensive income for the year                                                      1,020               911




The notes on pages 191 to 277 form part of these financial statements.
188   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
      as at 31 December 2025
      (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

                                                                                                2025         2024
                                                                               Note         $ million     $ million
       Non-current assets
       Investment properties                                                    10               609          668
       Property, plant and equipment                                            10             1,794        1,931
       Right-of-use assets                                                      11               467          461
       Intangible assets                                                        12               683          732
       Goodwill                                                                 13             9,738        9,696
       Interest in a joint venture                                              15                12           11
       Contract costs                                                           18                20           21
       Non-current contract assets                                             20(a)              58           33
       Non-current finance lease receivables                                    19                 –            2
       Non-current trade and other receivables                                  21                81          112
       Non-current derivative financial instruments                             16                 –            2
       Defined benefit plan assets                                              26                13            –
       Deferred tax assets                                                     6(d)               78           69
                                                                                              13,553       13,738
       Current assets
       Derivative financial instruments                                         16                    –          2
       Inventories                                                              17                   98        375
       Finance lease receivables                                                19                    2          2
       Contract assets                                                         20(a)                228        235
       Trade and other receivables                                              21                1,152      1,476
       Current tax recoverable                                                 6(c)                   9         16
       Cash and deposits                                                       22(a)              1,945      1,611
                                                                                                  3,434      3,717
       Current liabilities
       Trade and other payables                                                 23                1,691      1,591
       Contract liabilities                                                    20(b)                225        445
       Bank and other borrowings                                                24                1,206      3,561
       Lease liabilities                                                        25                   92         88
       Current tax payable                                                      6(c)                189        179
                                                                                                  3,403      5,864
       Net current assets/(liabilities)                                                             31      (2,147)
       Total assets less current liabilities                                                  13,584        11,591
       Non-current liabilities
       Non-current contract liabilities                                        20(b)                  1          1
       Non-current bank and other borrowings                                    24                2,051        346
       Non-current lease liabilities                                            25                  208        236
       Non-current derivative financial instruments                              16                   4          –
       Non-current other payables                                               23                   15         15
       Defined benefit plan obligations                                         26                    9         33
       Deferred tax liabilities                                                6(d)                 124        133
       Non-current tax payable                                                  6(c)                 31          –
                                                                                                  2,443        764
       NET ASSETS                                                                             11,141       10,827
       CAPITAL AND RESERVES
       Share capital                                                           28(c)           4,758        4,758
       Reserves                                                                                6,265        5,959
       Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                        11,023       10,717
       Non-controlling interests                                                                 118          110
       TOTAL EQUITY                                                                           11,141       10,827

      Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 12 March 2026.



                               Luo Xicheng                                             Wu Jun
                                 Director                                              Director
      The notes on pages 191 to 277 form part of these financial statements.
                                                                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025                    189




            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                             for the year ended 31 December 2025
                                                                                                                                    (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

                                                                           Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                   Property                                                                Non-
                                                             Share      Capital revaluation      Exchange      Hedging       Retained                controlling        Total
                                                            capital     reserve     reserve         reserve      reserve       profits        Total interests          equity
                                                Note      $ million   $ million $ million         $ million    $ million     $ million     $ million $ million       $ million

 Balance as at 1 January 2025                                4,758           –            62           (51)            2          5,946      10,717           110      10,827
 Changes in equity for 2025:
 Profit for the year                                             –           –             –             –             –           920          920            15         935
 Other comprehensive income for the year                         –           –             –            52            (6)           36           82             3          85
 Total comprehensive income for the year                         –           –             –            52            (6)          956        1,002            18       1,020
 Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                     –           –             –             –             –              –           –           (10)        (10)
 Dividends approved in respect of the
   previous financial year                    28(b)(ii)          –           –             –             –             –           (474)       (474)            –        (474)
 Dividends declared in respect of the current
   financial year                             28(b)(i)           –           –             –             –             –          (222)        (222)            –        (222)
                                                                 –           –             –             –             –          (696)        (696)          (10)       (706)
 Balance as at 31 December 2025                              4,758           –            62             1            (4)         6,206      11,023           118      11,141

                                                                             Attributable to equity shareholders of the Company
                                                                                    Property                                                                Non-
                                                             Share      Capital   revaluation    Exchange       Hedging       Retained                 controlling      Total
                                                            capital    reserve       reserve       reserve       reserve        profits       Total     interests      equity
                                                 Note     $ million   $ million     $ million     $ million     $ million     $ million    $ million     $ million   $ million

 Balance as at 1 January 2024                                4,756           2            62           (23)            –          5,959      10,756           108      10,864
 Changes in equity for 2024:
 Profit for the year                                             –           –             –             –             –           910          910            18         928
 Other comprehensive income for the year                         –           –             –           (28)            2            11          (15)           (2)         (17)
 Total comprehensive income for the year                         –           –             –           (28)            2           921          895            16         911
 Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                     –           –             –             –             –              –           –           (14)         (14)
 Shares issued under share option plan          27               2           –             –             –             –              –           2             –            2
 Dividends approved in respect of the
   previous financial year                    28(b)(ii)          –           –             –             –             –           (714)       (714)            –        (714)
 Release upon lapse of share options            27               –          (2)            –             –             –              2           –             –           –
 Dividends declared in respect of the current
   financial year                             28(b)(i)           –           –             –             –             –           (222)       (222)            –        (222)
                                                                 2          (2)            –             –             –           (934)       (934)          (14)       (948)
 Balance as at 31 December 2024                              4,758           –            62           (51)            2          5,946      10,717           110      10,827




The notes on pages 191 to 277 form part of these financial statements.
190   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOW STATEMENT
      for the year ended 31 December 2025
      (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars)

                                                                                     2025       2024
                                                                        Note     $ million   $ million

       Operating activities
       Cash generated from operations                                   22(e)       2,434       1,788
       Tax paid:
         – Hong Kong Profits Tax paid                                                 (20)        (69)
         – Macau Complementary Tax paid                                              (138)       (129)
         – Tax paid for jurisdictions outside Hong Kong and Macau                     (23)        (32)
       Tax refunded:
         – Hong Kong Profits Tax refunded                                               7           –
         – Tax refunded for jurisdictions outside Hong Kong and Macau                   6           2
       Net cash generated from operating activities                                 2,266       1,560
       Investing activities
       Payment for the purchase of property, plant and equipment                     (366)       (404)
       Proceeds from sale of property, plant and equipment                              1           1
       Decrease in other deposits                                                      26          44
       Interest received                                                               37          60
       Net cash used in investing activities                                         (302)       (299)
       Financing activities
       Proceeds from new bank and other loans                            22(f)      5,649         341
       Proceeds from new shares issued under share option plan                          –            2
       Payment for redemption of bonds                                   22(f)     (3,490)           –
       Repayment of bank and other loans                                 22(f)     (2,750)       (342)
       Payment for transaction costs on bank loans                       22(f)         (6)           –
       Other borrowing costs paid                                        22(f)       (198)       (233)
       Capital element of lease rentals paid                             22(f)       (106)       (125)
       Interest element of lease rentals paid                            22(f)        (15)         (15)
       Dividends paid to equity shareholders of the Company                          (696)       (936)
       Dividends paid to non-controlling interests                                    (10)         (14)
       Net cash used in financing activities                                       (1,622)     (1,322)
       Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                           342         (61)

       Cash and cash equivalents as at 1 January                                    1,007       1,078

       Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                         14         (10)
       Cash and cash equivalents as at 31 December                      22(a)       1,363       1,007




      The notes on pages 191 to 277 form part of these financial statements.
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025            191




                            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                             (Expressed in Hong Kong dollars unless otherwise indicated)



1     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
(a) Statement of compliance

      These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards, which
      collective term includes all applicable individual Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”),
      Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
      Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and the requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.
      These financial statements also comply with the applicable disclosure provisions of the Rules Governing
      the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Material accounting policies adopted
      by the Group are disclosed below.

      The HKICPA has issued certain new or amended HKFRS Accounting Standards that are first effective or
      available for early adoption for the current accounting period of the Group. Note 1(c) provides information
      on any changes in accounting policies resulting from initial application of these developments to the
      extent that they are relevant to the Group for the current accounting periods reflected in these financial
      statements.

(b) Basis of preparation of the financial statements

      The consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2025 comprise CITIC Telecom
      International Holdings Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (together referred to as the “Group”)
      and the Group’s interest in a joint venture.

      The measurement basis used in the preparation of the financial statements is the historical cost basis,
      except that investment property (see note 1(i)) and derivative financial instruments (see note 1(g)) are
      stated at their fair value as explained in the accounting policies set out below.

      The preparation of financial statements in conformity with HKFRS Accounting Standards requires
      management to make judgements, estimates and assumptions that affect the application of policies and
      reported amounts of assets, liabilities, income and expenses. The estimates and associated assumptions
      are based on historical experience and various other factors that are believed to be reasonable under the
      circumstances, the results of which form the basis of making the judgements about carrying values of
      assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these
      estimates.

      The estimates and underlying assumptions are reviewed on an ongoing basis. Revisions to accounting
      estimates are recognised in the period in which the estimate is revised if the revision affects only that
      period, or in the period of the revision and future periods if the revision affects both current and future
      periods.

      Judgements made by management in the application of HKFRS Accounting Standards that have significant
      effect on the financial statements and major sources of estimation uncertainty are discussed in note 2.

(c)   Changes in accounting policies

      The HKICPA has issued a number of amendments to HKFRS Accounting Standards that are first effective
      for the current accounting period of the Group. None of these developments have had a material effect
      on how the Group’s results and financial position for the current or prior periods have been prepared or
      presented.

      The Group has not applied any new standard, amendment or interpretation that is not yet effective for the
      current accounting period.
192   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (d) Subsidiaries and non-controlling interests

          Subsidiaries are entities controlled by the Group. The Group controls an entity when it is exposed to, or has
          rights to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those returns
          through its power over the entity. The financial statements of subsidiaries are included in the consolidated
          financial statements from the date on which control commences until the date on which control ceases.

          Intra-group balances, transactions, and any unrealised income and expenses (except for foreign currency
          transaction gains or losses) arising from intra-group transactions, are eliminated. Unrealised losses resulting
          from intra-group transactions are eliminated in the same way as unrealised gains, but only to the extent
          that there is no evidence of impairment.

          For each business combination, the Group can elect to measure any non-controlling interests (“NCI”)
          either at fair value or at the NCI’s proportionate share of the subsidiary’s net identifiable assets. NCI
          are presented in the consolidated statement of financial position within equity, separately from equity
          attributable to the equity shareholders of the Company. NCI in the results of the Group are presented on
          the face of the consolidated income statement and the consolidated statement of comprehensive income
          as an allocation of the total profit or loss and total comprehensive income for the year between NCI and the
          equity shareholders of the Company. Loans from holders of NCI and other contractual obligations towards
          these holders are presented as financial liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position in
          accordance with notes 1(u) or 1(v) depending on the nature of the liability.

          Changes in the Group’s interests in a subsidiary that do not result in a loss of control are accounted for as
          equity transactions.

          When the Group loses control of a subsidiary, it derecognises the assets and liabilities of the subsidiary,
          and any related NCI and other components of equity. Any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or
          loss. Any interest retained in that former subsidiary is measured at fair value when control is lost.

          In the Company’s statement of financial position, an investment in a subsidiary is stated at cost less
          impairment losses (see note 1(o)).

      (e) Joint ventures

          A joint venture is an arrangement in which the Group has joint control, whereby the Group has the rights to
          the net assets of the arrangement, rather than rights to its assets and obligations for its liabilities.

          An interest in a joint venture is accounted for using the equity method. It is initially recognised at cost,
          which includes transaction costs. Subsequently, the consolidated financial statements include the Group’s
          share of the profit or loss and other comprehensive income (“OCI”) of those investees, until the date on
          which joint control ceases.

          When the Group’s share of losses exceeds its interest in the joint venture, the Group’s interest is reduced
          to nil and recognition of further losses is discontinued except to the extent that the Group has incurred
          legal or constructive obligations or made payments on behalf of the investee. For this purpose, the Group’s
          interest is the carrying amount of the investment under the equity method, together with any other long-
          term interests that in substance form part of the Group’s net investment in the joint venture, after applying
          the expected credit loss (“ECL”) model to such other long-term interests where applicable (see note 1(o)(i)).

          Unrealised gains arising from transactions with the joint venture are eliminated against the investment to
          the extent of the Group’s interest in the joint venture. Unrealised losses are eliminated in the same way as
          unrealised gains, but only to the extent there is no evidence of an impairment.
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025          193




                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
(f)   Goodwill

      Goodwill arising on acquisition of businesses is measured at cost less accumulated impairment losses and
      is tested annually for impairment, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it
      might be impaired (see note 1(o)).

(g) Derivative financial instruments

      The Group holds derivative financial instruments to manage its foreign currency risk exposures. Embedded
      derivatives are separated from the host contract and accounted for separately if the host contract is not a
      financial asset and certain criteria are met.

      Derivatives are initially measured at fair value. Subsequently, they are measured at fair value with changes
      therein recognised in profit or loss, except where the derivatives qualify for cash flow hedge accounting or
      hedges of net investment in a foreign operation (see note 1(h)).

(h) Hedging

      The Group designates certain derivatives as hedging instruments to hedge the variability in cash flows
      associated with highly probable forecast transactions arising from changes in foreign exchange rates. Some
      borrowings and derivatives are designated as hedges of the foreign exchange risk of a net investment in a
      foreign operation.

      (i)    Cash flow hedges

             When a derivative is designated as a cash flow hedging instrument, the effective portion of changes
             in the fair value of the derivative is recognised in OCI and accumulated in the hedging reserve within
             equity. The effective portion that is recognised in OCI is limited to the cumulative change in fair value
             of the hedged item, determined on a present value basis, from inception of the hedge. Any ineffective
             portion is recognised immediately in profit or loss.

             When the hedged forecast transaction subsequently results in the recognition of a non-financial item
             such as inventory, the amount accumulated in the hedging reserve is removed from the reserve and is
             included directly in the initial cost of the non-financial item when it is recognised.

             For all other hedged forecast transactions, the amount accumulated in the hedging reserve is
             reclassified through OCI to profit or loss as a reclassification adjustment in the same period or periods
             during which the hedged expected future cash flows affect profit or loss. If the hedge no longer
             meets the criteria for hedge accounting or the hedging instrument is sold, expires, is terminated
             or is exercised, then hedge accounting is discontinued prospectively. When hedge accounting is
             discontinued, the amount that has been accumulated in the hedging reserve remains in equity until
             the transaction occurs and it is recognised in accordance with the above policy.

             If the hedged future cash flows are no longer expected to occur, then the amounts that have been
             accumulated in the hedging reserve is immediately reclassified through OCI to profit or loss.

      (ii)   Hedge of net investments in foreign operations

             The effective portion of any foreign exchange gains or losses on the borrowings is recognised in OCI
             and presented in the exchange reserve within equity, while the effective portion of the changes in fair
             value of derivative is recognised in OCI and accumulated in the reserve within equity. Any ineffective
             portion is recognised immediately in profit or loss. The amount accumulated in the exchange reserve
             and hedging reserve are fully or partially reclassified through OCI to profit or loss as a reclassification
             adjustment on disposal or partial disposal of the foreign operation, respectively.
194   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      1     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (i)   Investment property

            Investment property is initially measured at cost, and subsequently at fair value with changes therein
            recognised in profit or loss.

            Any gain or loss on disposal of investment property is recognised in profit or loss. Rental income from
            investment properties is recognised in accordance with note 1(z)(ii)(a).

            An item of investment property is transferred to land and buildings held for own use or property held by
            a lessee as a right-of-use asset (“owner-occupied property”) when there is a change in use evidenced by
            commencement of owner-occupation, the fair value at the date of transfer becomes the deemed cost for
            subsequent accounting as land and buildings held for own use or right-of-use asset, if applicable.

      (j)   Property, plant and equipment

            Property, plant and equipment is stated at cost, which includes capitalised borrowing costs, less
            accumulated depreciation and any accumulated impairment losses (see note 1(o)).

            Construction in progress represents property, plant and equipment under construction and equipment
            pending installation, and is initially recognised at cost less any accumulated impairment losses (see note
            1(o)). The cost of self-constructed items of property, plant and equipment includes the cost of materials,
            direct labour, the initial estimate, where relevant, of the costs of dismantling and removing the items and
            restoring the site on which they are located, and an appropriate proportion of production overheads and
            borrowing costs (see note 1(ab)).

            If significant parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, then they are
            accounted for as separate items (major components).

            When the use of a property changes from owner-occupied to investment property, the property is
            remeasured to fair value and reclassified accordingly. Any gain arising on this remeasurement is recognised
            in profit or loss to the extent that it reverses a previous impairment loss on the specific property, with any
            remaining gain recognised in OCI and presented in the property revaluation reserve. Any loss is recognised
            in profit or loss.

            Any gain or loss on disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment is recognised in profit or loss.

            No depreciation is provided in respect of construction in progress. Upon completion and commissioning for
            operation, depreciation will be provided at the appropriate rates specified below.

            Depreciation is calculated to write off the cost of items of property, plant and equipment, less their
            estimated residual value, if any, using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, and is
            generally recognised in profit or loss.
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025          195




                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
(j)   Property, plant and equipment (Continued)

      The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:

      –    Freehold land is not depreciated.

      –    Buildings situated on freehold land are depreciated over their estimated useful lives, being no more
           than 50 years after the date of completion.

      –    The Group’s interests in buildings situated on leasehold land are depreciated over the shorter of the
           unexpired term of lease and the buildings’ estimated useful lives, being no more than 50 years after
           the date of completion.

      –    Telecommunications equipment is depreciated over 2 to 20 years.

      –    Other assets are depreciated over 2 to 10 years.

      Depreciation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted if
      appropriate.

(k) Intangible assets (other than goodwill)

      Intangible assets that are acquired by the Group and have finite useful lives are measured at cost less
      accumulated amortisation and any accumulated impairment losses (see note 1(o)).

      Expenditure on internally generated goodwill and brands is recognised in profit or loss as incurred.

      Concession assets represent the Shared Assets (see note 12(a)). These assets, in respect of which the
      Group retains only the right to access, use and operate for the provision of public services in Macau during
      the concession period, are recognised as intangible assets at cost less accumulated amortisation and
      any impairment losses (note 1(o)). The cost reflects the net carrying amount of the assets at the date of
      transfer and is amortised on a straight-line basis over the remaining period during which the concession
      assets are expected to be available for use by the Group.

      Expenditure for the replacement and/or upgrade of the assets subject to concession is capitalised and
      amortised on a straight-line basis at rates sufficiently to write off the cost over the period in which the
      concession assets are expected to be available for use by the Group.

      Amortisation is calculated to write off the cost of intangible assets less their estimated residual values
      using the straight-line method over their estimated useful lives, if any, and is generally recognised in profit
      or loss.

      The estimated useful lives for the current and comparative periods are as follows:

      –    Trade names/trademarks                                                                    15 – 27 years

      –    Customer relationships                                                                      2 – 17 years

      –    Computer software                                                                                 3 years

      –    Concession assets                                                                          10 – 15 years

      Amortisation methods, useful lives and residual values are reviewed at each reporting date and adjusted if
      appropriate.
196   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      1     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (l)   Leased assets

            At inception of a contract, the Group assesses whether the contract is, or contains, a lease. This is the case
            if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for
            consideration. Control is conveyed where the customer has both the right to direct the use of the identified
            asset and to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from that use.

            (i)   As a lessee

                  At the lease commencement date, the Group recognises a right-of-use asset and a lease liability,
                  except for leases that have a short lease term of 12 months or less, and leases of low-value items.
                  When the Group enters into a lease in respect of a low-value item, the Group decides whether to
                  capitalise the lease on a lease-by-lease basis. If not capitalised, the associated lease payments are
                  recognised in profit or loss on a systematic basis over the lease term.

                  Where the lease is capitalised, the lease liability is initially recognised at the present value of the
                  lease payments payable over the lease term. Lease liabilities include the net present value of the
                  following lease payments:

                  –    fixed payments (including in-substance fixed payments), less any lease incentives receivable;

                  –    variable lease payments that are based on an index or a rate;

                  –    amounts expected to be payable by the lessee under residual value guarantees;

                  –    the exercise price of a purchase option if the lessee is reasonably certain to exercise that option;
                       and

                  –    payments of penalties for terminating the lease, if the lease term reflects the lessee exercising
                       that option.

                  The lease payments are discounted using the interest rate implicit in the lease or, if that rate cannot
                  be readily determined, using a relevant incremental borrowing rate, being the rate that the lessee
                  would have to pay to borrow the funds necessary to obtain an asset of similar value in a similar
                  economic environment with similar terms and conditions. After initial recognition, the lease liability is
                  measured at amortised cost and interest expense is recognised using the effective interest method.
                  Lease payments are allocated between principal and finance cost. The finance cost is charged to
                  the profit or loss over the lease period so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the
                  remaining balance of the liability for each period. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an
                  index or rate are not included in the measurement of the lease liability, and are charged to profit or
                  loss as incurred.

                  The right-of-use asset recognised when a lease is capitalised is initially measured at cost, which
                  comprises the initial amount of the lease liability adjusted for any lease payments made at or before
                  the commencement date, plus any initial direct costs incurred and an estimate of costs to dismantle
                  and remove the underlying asset or to restore the underlying asset or the site on which it is located,
                  less any lease incentives received. The right-of-use asset is subsequently stated at cost less
                  accumulated depreciation and impairment losses (see note 1(o)).

                  Right-of-use assets are generally depreciated over the shorter of the asset’s useful life and the lease
                  term on a straight-line basis. If the Group is reasonably certain to exercise a purchase option, the
                  right-of-use asset is depreciated over the underlying asset’s useful life.
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025          197




                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
(l)   Leased assets (Continued)

      (i)    As a lessee (Continued)

             Refundable rental deposits are accounted for separately from the right-of use assets in accordance
             with the accounting policy applicable to investments in non-equity securities carried at amortised cost.
             Any excess of the nominal value over the initial fair value of the deposits is accounted for as additional
             lease payments made and is included in the cost of right-of-use assets.

             The lease liability is remeasured when there is a change in future lease payments arising from a
             change in an index or rate, if there is a change in the Group’s estimate of the amount expected to
             be payable under a residual value guarantee, or if the Group changes its assessment of whether it
             will exercise a purchase, extension or termination option. When the lease liability is remeasured in
             this way, a corresponding adjustment is made to the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset, or is
             recorded in profit or loss if the carrying amount of the right-of-use asset has been reduced to zero.

             The lease liability is also remeasured when there is a lease modification, which means a change in
             the scope of a lease or the consideration for a lease that is not originally provided for in the lease
             contract, if such modification is not accounted for as a separate lease. In this case, the lease liability
             is remeasured based on the revised lease payments and lease term using a revised discount rate at
             the effective date of the modification.

             In the consolidated statement of financial position, the current portion of long-term lease liabilities
             is determined as the present value of contractual payments that are due to be settled within twelve
             months after the reporting period.

             Extension and termination options are included in a number of leases across the Group. These terms
             are used to maximise operational flexibility in terms of managing contracts. The majority of extension
             and termination options held are exercisable only by the Group and not by the respective lessor.

      (ii)   As a lessor

             The Group determines at lease inception whether each lease is a finance lease or an operating lease.
             A lease is classified as a finance lease if it transfers substantially all the risks and rewards incidental
             to the ownership of an underlying assets to the lessee. Otherwise, the lease is classified as an
             operating lease.

             When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in
             the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. The rental income from
             operating leases is recognised in accordance with note 1(z).

             When the Group is an intermediate lessor, the sub-leases are classified as a finance lease or as an
             operating lease with reference to the right-of-use asset arising from the head lease. If the head lease
             is a short-term lease to which the Group applies the exemption described in note 1(l)(i), then the
             Group classifies the sub-lease as an operating lease.

             When the Group leases out assets under finance lease, the present value of lease receipts is
             recognised as a receivable. Each lease receipt is allocated between the receivables and interest
             income. The interest element of the lease receipt is recognised in the consolidated income statement
             over the lease term so as to produce a constant periodic rate of interest on the remaining balance of
             the receivables for each period.
198   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      1     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (l)   Leased assets (Continued)

            (ii)   As a lessor (Continued)

                   When the Group leases out assets under operating lease, the assets are included in the consolidated
                   statement of financial position according to their nature and, where applicable, are depreciated in
                   accordance with the Group’s depreciation policies. Revenue arising from operating lease is recognised
                   in the consolidated income statement in equal instalments over the accounting periods covered by the
                   lease term.

      (m) Financial assets

            The Group classifies its financial assets as to be measured at amortised cost.

            The classification depends on the entity’s business model for managing the financial assets and the
            contractual terms of the cash flows.

            The Group reclassifies debt investments when and only when its business model for managing those
            assets changes.

            Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade-date, the date on which the
            Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive
            cash flows from the financial assets have expired or have been transferred and the Group has transferred
            substantially all the risks and rewards of ownership.

            At initial recognition, the Group measures a financial asset at its fair value plus, in the case of a financial
            asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition
            of the financial asset. Transaction costs of financial assets carried at fair value through profit or loss are
            expensed in the consolidated income statement.

            Debt instruments

            Subsequent measurement of debt instruments depends on the Group’s business model for managing the
            asset and the cash flow characteristics of the asset.

            Assets that are held for collection of contractual cash flows where those cash flows represent solely
            payments of principal and interest are measured at amortised cost. Interest income from these financial
            assets is recognised in the consolidated income statement using the effective interest rate method. Any
            gain or loss arising on derecognition is recognised directly in the consolidated income statement.

      (n) Offsetting financial instruments

            Financial assets and liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the consolidated statement
            of financial position where the Group currently has a legally enforceable right to offset the recognised
            amounts, and there is an intention to settle on a net basis or realise the asset and settle the liability
            simultaneously. The Group has also entered into arrangements that do not meet the criteria for offsetting
            but still allow for the related amounts to be set off in certain circumstances, such as bankruptcy or the
            termination of a contract.
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025         199




                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
(o) Credit losses and impairment of assets

    (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables

          The Group recognises a loss allowance for ECLs on:

          –    financial assets measured at amortised cost (including cash and deposits, and trade and other
               receivables);

          –    contract assets (see note 1(r)); and

          –    lease receivables.

          Measurement of ECLs

          ECLs are a probability-weighted estimate of credit losses. Generally, credit losses are measured as
          the present value of all expected cash shortfalls between the contractual and expected amounts.

          The expected cash shortfalls are discounted using the following rates if the effect is material:

          –    fixed-rate financial assets, trade and other receivables and contract assets: effective interest rate
               determined at initial recognition or an approximation thereof;

          –    variable-rate financial assets: current effective interest rate;

          –    lease receivables: discount rate used in the measurement of the lease receivable.

          The maximum period considered when estimating ECLs is the maximum contractual period over which
          the Group is exposed to credit risk.

          ECLs are measured on either of the following bases:

          –    12-month ECLs: these are the portion of ECLs that result from default events that are possible
               within the 12 months after the reporting date (or a shorter period if the expected life of the
               instrument is less than 12 months); and

          –    lifetime ECLs: these are the ECLs that result from all possible default events over the expected
               lives of the items to which the ECL model applies.

          The Group measures loss allowances at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs, except for the following,
          which are measured at 12-months ECLs:

          –    financial instruments that are determined to have low credit risk at the reporting date; and

          –    other financial instruments for which credit risk (i.e. the risk of default occurring over the
               expected life of the financial instrument) has not increased significantly since initial recognition.

          The Group applies the HKFRS 9 simplified approach where loss allowances for trade debtors, contract
          assets and lease receivables are always measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs. ECLs on
          these financial assets are estimated using a provision matrix based on the Group’s historical credit
          loss experience, adjusted for factors that are specific to the debtors and an assessment of both the
          current and forecast general economic conditions at the reporting date.
200   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (o) Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

          (i)   Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables (Continued)

                Significant increases in credit risk

                In assessing whether the credit risk of a financial instrument has increased significantly since initial
                recognition, the Group compares the risk of default occurring on the financial instrument assessed at
                the reporting date with that assessed at the date of initial recognition. In making this reassessment,
                the Group considers that a default event occurs when (i) the debtor is unlikely to pay its credit
                obligations to the Group in full, without recourse by the Group to actions such as realising security (if
                any is held); or (ii) the financial asset is over 90 days past due. The Group considers both quantitative
                and qualitative information that is reasonable and supportable, including historical experience and
                forward-looking information that is available without undue cost or effort.

                In particular, the following information is taken into account when assessing whether credit risk has
                increased significantly since initial recognition:

                –    failure to make payments of principal or interest on their contractually due dates;

                –    an actual or expected significant deterioration in a financial instrument’s external or internal
                     credit rating (if available);

                –    an actual or expected significant deterioration in the operating results of the debtor; and

                –    existing or forecast changes in the technological, market, economic or legal environment that
                     have a significant adverse effect on the debtor’s ability to meet its obligation to the Group.

                Depending on the nature of the financial instruments, the assessment of a significant increase in
                credit risk is performed on either an individual basis or a collective basis. When the assessment is
                performed on a collective basis, the financial instruments are grouped based on shared credit risk
                characteristics, such as past due status and credit risk ratings.

                ECLs are remeasured at each reporting date to reflect changes in the financial instrument’s credit risk
                since initial recognition. Any change in the ECL amount is recognised as an impairment gain or loss
                in profit or loss. The Group recognises an impairment gain or loss for all financial instruments with a
                corresponding adjustment to their carrying amount through a loss allowance account.

                Credit-impaired financial assets

                At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether a financial asset is credit-impaired. A financial
                asset is credit-impaired when one or more events that have a detrimental impact on the estimated
                future cash flows of the financial asset have occurred.

                Evidence that a financial asset is credit-impaired includes the following observable events:

                –    significant financial difficulties of the debtor;

                –    a breach of contract, such as a default or past due event;

                –    the restructuring of a loan or advance by the Group on terms that the Group would not consider
                     otherwise;

                –    it is probable that the debtor will enter into bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or

                –    the disappearance of an active market for a security because of financial difficulties of the issuer.
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025         201




                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
(o) Credit losses and impairment of assets (Continued)

    (i)    Credit losses from financial instruments, contract assets and lease receivables (Continued)

           Write-off policy

           The gross carrying amount of a financial asset, lease receivable or contract asset is written off to
           the extent that there is no realistic prospect of recovery. This is generally the case when the Group
           determines that the debtor does not have assets or sources of income that could generate sufficient
           cash flows to repay the amounts subject to the write-off.

           Subsequent recoveries of an asset that was previously written off are recognised as a reversal of
           impairment in profit or loss in the period in which the recovery occurs.

    (ii)   Impairment of other non-current assets

           At each reporting date, the Group reviews the carrying amounts of its non-financial assets (other than
           investment property, inventories, contract costs, contract assets, defined benefit plan assets and
           deferred tax assets) to determine whether there is any indication of impairment. If any such indication
           exists, then the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. Goodwill is tested annually for impairment,
           or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it might be impaired.

           For impairment testing, assets are grouped together into the smallest group of assets that generates
           cash inflows from continuing use that are largely independent of the cash inflows of other assets or
           cash-generating units (“CGUs”). Goodwill arising from a business combination is allocated to CGUs or
           groups of CGUs that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination.

           The recoverable amount of an asset or CGU is the greater of its value in use and its fair value less
           costs of disposal. Value in use is based on the estimated future cash flows, discounted to their
           present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value
           of money and the risks specific to the asset or CGU.

           An impairment loss is recognised if the carrying amount of an asset or CGU exceeds its recoverable
           amount.

           Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss. They are allocated first to reduce the carrying
           amount of any goodwill allocated to the CGU, and then to reduce the carrying amounts of the other
           assets in the CGU on a pro rata basis.

           An impairment loss in respect of goodwill is not reversed. For other assets, an impairment loss is
           reversed only to the extent that the resulting carrying amount does not exceed the carrying amount
           that would have been determined, net of depreciation or amortisation, if no impairment loss had been
           recognised.

(p) Inventories

    Inventories are measured at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is calculated using the first-in-
    first-out cost formula and comprises all costs of purchase, costs of conversion and other costs incurred in
    bringing the inventories to their present location and condition.

    Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business less the estimated
    costs of completion and the estimated costs necessary to make the sale.
202   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      1     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (q) Contract costs

            Contract costs are either the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a customer or the costs to
            fulfil a contract with a customer which are not capitalised as inventory (see note 1(p)), property, plant and
            equipment (see note 1(j)) or intangible assets (see note 1(k)).

            Incremental costs of obtaining a contract, e.g. sales commissions, are capitalised if the costs relate to
            revenue which will be recognised in a future reporting period and the costs are expected to be recovered.
            Other costs of obtaining a contract are expensed when incurred.

            Costs to fulfil a contract are capitalised if the costs relate directly to an existing contract or to a specifically
            identifiable anticipated contract; generate or enhance resources that will be used to provide goods or
            services in the future; and are expected to be recovered. Otherwise, costs of fulfilling a contract, which are
            not capitalised as inventory, property, plant and equipment or intangible assets, are expensed as incurred.

            Capitalised contract costs are stated at cost less accumulated amortisation and impairment losses.
            Amortisation of capitalised contract costs is recognised to profit or loss when the revenue to which the
            asset relates is recognised (see note 1(z)(i)).

      (r)   Contract assets and contract liabilities

            A contract asset is recognised when the Group recognises revenue (see note 1(z)(i)) before being
            unconditionally entitled to the consideration under the terms in the contract. Contract assets are assessed
            for ECLs (see note 1(o)(i)) and are reclassified to receivables when the right to the consideration become
            unconditional (see note 1(s)).

            A contract liability is recognised when the customer pays consideration before the Group recognises the
            related revenue (see note 1(z)(i)). A contract liability is also recognised if the Group has an unconditional
            right to receive consideration before the Group recognises the related revenue. In such latter cases, a
            corresponding receivable is also recognised (see note 1(s)).

      (s)   Trade and other receivables

            A receivable is recognised when the Group has an unconditional right to receive consideration and only the
            passage of time is required before payment of that consideration is due.

            Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component are initially measured at their
            transaction price. Trade receivables that contain a significant financing component and other receivables are
            initially measured at fair value plus transaction costs. All receivables are subsequently stated at amortised
            cost (see note 1(o)(i)).

            Insurance reimbursement is recognised and measured in accordance with note 1(y).

      (t)   Cash and cash equivalents

            Cash and cash equivalents comprise cash at bank and on hand, demand deposits with banks and other
            financial institutions, and short-term, highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known
            amounts of cash and which are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, having been within three
            months of maturity at acquisition. Cash and cash equivalents are assessed for ECL (see note 1(o)(i)).
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025         203




                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
(u) Trade and other payables

    Trade and other payables are initially recognised at fair value. Subsequent to initial recognition, trade and
    other payables are stated at amortised cost unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which
    case they are stated at invoice amounts.

(v) Interest-bearing borrowings

    Interest-bearing borrowings are measured initially at fair value less transaction costs. Subsequently, these
    borrowings are stated at amortised cost using the effective interest method. Interest expense is recognised
    in accordance with note 1(ab).

(w) Employee benefits

    (i)    Short term employee benefits and contributions to defined contribution retirement plans

           Short-term employee benefits are expensed as the related service is provided. A liability is recognised
           for the amount expected to be paid if the Group has a present legal or constructive obligation to pay
           this amount as a result of past service provided by the employee and the obligation can be estimated
           reliably.

           Obligations for contributions to defined contribution retirement plans are expensed as the related
           service is provided.

    (ii)   Defined benefit plan obligations

           The Group has the following two categories of defined benefit plans:

           –    Long service payment (“LSP”) under the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance.

           –    CTM Staff Provident Fund (the “Fund”), a defined benefit retirement plan is registered with
                Autoridade Monetária de Macau (“AMCM”) and is under the management of Macau Pension
                Fund Management Co. Ltd..

           The Group’s net obligation in respect of defined benefit plans is calculated separately for each plan
           by estimating the amount of future benefit that employees have earned in the current and prior
           periods and discounting that amount. For LSP obligations, the estimated amount of future benefit
           is determined after deducting the negative service cost arising from the accrued benefits derived
           from the Group’s MPF contributions that have been vested with employees, which are deemed to be
           contributions from the relevant employees. For the Fund, the net obligation is after deducting the fair
           value of plan assets.

           The calculation of defined benefit obligation is performed by a qualified actuary using the projected
           unit credit method. For the Fund, when the calculation results in a benefit to the Group, the
           recognised asset is limited to the present value of economic benefits available in the form of any
           future refunds from the plan or reductions in future contributions to the plan.

           Remeasurements arising from the defined benefit plans, which comprise actuarial gains and losses,
           the return on plan assets in the Fund (excluding interest) and the effect of any asset ceiling (excluding
           interest), are recognised immediately in OCI. Net interest expense for the period is determined by
           applying the discount rate used to measure the defined benefit obligation at the beginning of the
           reporting period to the then net defined benefit liability, taking into account any changes in the net
           defined benefit liability during the period. Net interest expense and other expenses related to defined
           benefit plans are recognised in profit or loss.
204   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (w) Employee benefits (Continued)

          (iii)   Share-based payments

                  The grant-date fair value of equity-settled share-based payments to employees is measured using
                  the binomial option pricing model. The amount is generally recognised as an expense, with a
                  corresponding increase in equity, over the vesting period of the awards. The amount recognised as
                  an expense is adjusted to reflect the number of awards for which the related service conditions are
                  expected to be met, such that the amount ultimately recognised is based on the number of awards
                  that meet the related service conditions at the vesting date.

      (x) Income tax

          Income tax expense comprises current tax and deferred tax. It is recognised in profit or loss except to the
          extent that it relates to a business combination, or items recognised directly in equity or in OCI.

          Current tax comprises the estimated tax payable or receivable on the taxable income or loss for the year
          and any adjustments to the tax payable or receivable in respect of previous years. The amount of current
          tax payable or receivable is the best estimate of the tax amount expected to be paid or received that
          reflects any uncertainty related to income taxes. It is measured using tax rates enacted or substantively
          enacted at the reporting date. Current tax also includes any tax arising from dividends.

          Current tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.

          Deferred tax is recognised in respect of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and
          liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for taxation purposes. Deferred tax is not
          recognised for:

          –       temporary differences on the initial recognition of assets or liabilities in a transaction that is not a
                  business combination and that affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss and does not give
                  rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences;

          –       temporary differences related to investment in subsidiaries and joint venture to the extent that the
                  Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences and it is probable that
                  they will not reverse in the foreseeable future;

          –       taxable temporary differences arising on the initial recognition of goodwill; and

          –       those related to the income taxes arising from tax laws enacted or substantively enacted to
                  implement the Pillar Two model rules published by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and
                  Development (“OECD”).

          The Group recognised deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities separately in relation to its lease
          liabilities and right-of-use assets.

          Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses, unused tax credits and deductible temporary
          differences to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profits will be available against which they
          can be used. Future taxable profits are determined based on the reversal of relevant taxable temporary
          differences. If the amount of taxable temporary differences is insufficient to recognise a deferred tax asset
          in full, then future taxable profits, adjusted for reversals of existing temporary differences, are considered,
          based on the business plans for individual subsidiaries in the Group. Deferred tax assets are reviewed at
          each reporting date and are reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that the related tax benefit
          will be realised; such reductions are reversed when the probability of future taxable profits improves.
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025          205




                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
(x) Income tax (Continued)

      Where investment properties are carried at their fair value in accordance with note 1(i), the amount of
      deferred tax recognised is measured using the tax rates that would apply on sale of those assets at their
      carrying value at the reporting date, unless the property is depreciable and is held within a business
      model whose objective is to consume substantially all of the economic benefits embodied in the property
      over time, rather than through sale. In all other cases, the measurement of deferred tax reflects the tax
      consequences that would follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the reporting date, to
      recover or settle the carrying amount of its assets and liabilities.

      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are offset only if certain criteria are met.

(y) Provisions and contingent liabilities

      Generally provisions are determined by discounting the expected future cash flows at a pre-tax rate that
      reflects current market assessment of the time value of money and the risks specific to the liability.

      A provision for warranties is recognised when the underlying products or services are sold, based on
      historical warranty data and a weighting of possible outcomes against their associated probabilities.

      A provision for onerous contracts is measured at the present value of the lower of the expected cost of
      terminating the contract and the expected net cost of continuing with the contract, which is determined
      based on the incremental costs of fulfilling the obligation under that contract and an allocation of other
      costs directly related to fulfilling that contract. Before a provision is established, the Group recognises any
      impairment loss on the assets associated with that contract (see note 1(o)(ii)).

      Where it is not probable that an outflow of economic benefits will be required, or the amount cannot be
      estimated reliably, the obligation is disclosed as a contingent liability, unless the probability of outflow
      of economic benefits is remote. Possible obligations, whose existence will only be confirmed by the
      occurrence or non-occurrence of one or more future events are also disclosed as contingent liabilities
      unless the probability of outflow of economic benefits is remote.

      Where some or all of the expenditure required to settle a provision is expected to be reimbursed by another
      party, a separate asset is recognised for any expected reimbursement that would be virtually certain. The
      amount recognised for the reimbursement is limited to the carrying amount of the provision.

(z)   Revenue and other income

      Income is classified by the Group as revenue when it arises from the sale of goods or the provision of
      services; or as other income when it arises from the use by others of the Group’s assets under leases in
      the ordinary course of the Group’s business.

      Where the contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the
      customer for more than 12 months, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable,
      discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction with the
      customer, and interest income is accrued separately under the effective interest method. Where the
      contract contains a financing component which provides a significant financing benefit to the Group,
      revenue recognised under that contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability
      under the effective interest method. The Group takes advantage of the practical expedient in paragraph 63
      of HKFRS 15 and does not adjust the consideration for any effects of a significant financing component if
      the period of financing is 12 months or less.
206   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      1     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (z)   Revenue and other income (Continued)

            Further details of the Group’s revenue and other income recognition policies are as follows:

            (i)   Revenue from contracts with customers

                  The Group is the principal for its revenue transactions and recognises revenue on a gross basis. In
                  determining whether the Group acts as a principal or as an agent, it considers whether it obtains
                  control of the products before they are transferred to the customers. Control refers to the Group’s
                  ability to direct the use of and obtain substantially all of the remaining benefits from the products.

                  Revenue is recognised when control over a product or service is transferred to the customer at the
                  amount of promised consideration to which the Group is expected to be entitled, excluding those
                  amounts collected on behalf of third parties such as value added tax or other sales taxes.

                  (a)   Revenue from telecommunications services

                        Revenue with contracted fees is recognised over time as the customer simultaneously receives
                        and consumes the benefits provided by the Group’s performance and is based on output method,
                        either as the service allowance units are used or as time elapses, because it reflects the pattern
                        by which the Group satisfies the performance obligation through the transfer of services to the
                        customers.

                  (b)   Sale of mobile handsets and equipment

                        Revenue is recognised when the customer takes possession of and accepts the goods. If the
                        goods are a partial fulfilment of a contract covering other distinct goods and/or services, then the
                        amount of revenue recognised is an appropriate proportion of the total transaction price under
                        the contract, allocated between all the distinct goods and services promised under the contract
                        on a relative stand-alone selling price basis except when a variable consideration is allocated to
                        a specific performance obligation in the contract. Generally, the Group establishes standalone
                        selling prices with reference to the observable prices of products or services sold separately in
                        comparable circumstances to similar customers.

                  (c)   Revenue from business solution projects

                        When the outcome of a project can be reasonably measured, project revenue is recognised
                        progressively over time by measuring the progress towards complete satisfaction of a
                        performance obligation, by reference to surveys of performance completed to date or milestones
                        reached.

                        The likelihood of the Group earning contractual bonuses for early completion or suffering
                        contractual penalties for late completion are taken into account in making these estimates, such
                        that revenue is only recognised to the extent that it is highly probable that a significant reversal
                        in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur.

                        When the outcome of the project cannot be reasonably measured, project revenue is recognised
                        only to the extent of project costs incurred that are expected to be recovered.

                        If at any time the costs to complete the contract are estimated to exceed the remaining amount
                        of the consideration under the contract, then a provision is recognised in accordance with note
                        1(y).
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025        207




                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1     MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
(z)   Revenue and other income (Continued)

      (ii)   Revenue from other sources and other income

             (a)   Rental income from investment properties

                   Rental income from investment properties is recognised in profit or loss on a straight-line basis
                   over the term of the lease. Lease incentives granted are recognised as an integral part of the
                   total rental income, over the term of lease. Variable lease payments that do not depend on an
                   index or a rate are recognised as income in the accounting period in which they are earned.

             (b)   Interest income

                   Interest income is recognised using the effective interest method.

(aa) Translation of foreign currencies

      Transactions in foreign currencies are translated into the respective functional currencies of group
      companies at the exchange rates at the dates of the transactions.

      Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated into the functional currency
      at the exchange rate at the reporting date. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured at fair
      value in a foreign currency are translated into the functional currency at the exchange rate when the fair
      value was determined. Non-monetary assets and liabilities that are measured based on historical cost
      in a foreign currency are translated at the exchange rate at the date of the transaction. Foreign currency
      differences are generally recognised in profit or loss.

      However, foreign currency differences arising from the translation of the following items are recognised in
      OCI:

      –      a financial liability designated as a hedge of the net investment in a foreign operation to the extent
             that the hedge is effective (see note 1(h)(ii)); and

      –      qualifying cash flow hedges to the extent that the hedges are effective (see note 1(h)).

      The assets and liabilities of foreign operations, including goodwill and fair value adjustments arising on
      acquisition, are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates at the reporting date. The income
      and expenses of foreign operations are translated into Hong Kong dollars at the exchange rates at the dates
      of the transactions.

      Foreign currency differences are recognised in OCI and accumulated in the exchange reserve, except to the
      extent that the translation difference is allocated to NCI.
208   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
      (aa) Translation of foreign currencies (Continued)

          When a foreign operation is disposed of in its entirety or partially such that control, significant influence
          or joint control is lost, the cumulative amount in the exchange reserve related to that foreign operation is
          reclassified to profit or loss as part of the gain or loss on disposal. On disposal of a subsidiary that includes
          a foreign operation, the cumulative amount of the exchange differences relating to that foreign operation
          that have been attributed to the NCI shall be derecognised, but shall not be reclassified to profit or loss. If
          the Group disposes of part of its interest in a subsidiary but retains control, then the relevant proportion
          of the cumulative amount is reattributed to NCI. When the Group disposes of only part of an associate or
          joint venture while retaining significant influence or joint control, the relevant proportion of the cumulative
          amount is reclassified to profit or loss.

      (ab) Borrowing costs

          Borrowing costs that are directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of an asset
          which necessarily takes a substantial period of time to get ready for its intended use or sale are capitalised
          as part of the cost of that asset. Other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are
          incurred.

      (ac) Related parties

          (a)   A person, or a close member of that person’s family, is related to the Group if that person:

                (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;

                (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

                (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or the Group’s parent.

          (b)   An entity is related to the Group if any of the following conditions applies:

                (i)     The entity and the Group are members of the same group (which means that each parent,
                        subsidiary and fellow subsidiary is related to the others).

                (ii)    One entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or an associate or joint venture of
                        a member of a group of which the other entity is a member).

                (iii)   Both entities are joint ventures of the same third party.

                (iv)    One entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
                        entity.

                (v)     The entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or
                        an entity related to the Group.

                (vi)    The entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a).

                (vii) A person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                      management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity).

                (viii) The entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                       services to the Group or to the Group’s parent.

          Close members of the family of a person are those family members who may be expected to influence, or
          be influenced by, that person in their dealings with the entity.
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025         209




                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


1   MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued)
(ad) Segment reporting

    Operating segments, and the amounts of each segment item reported in the financial statements, are
    identified from the financial information provided regularly to the Group’s senior executive management
    for the purposes of allocating resources to, and assessing the performance of, the Group’s various lines of
    business and geographical locations.

    Individually material operating segments are not aggregated for financial reporting purposes unless the
    segments have similar economic characteristics and are similar in respect of the nature of products
    and services, the nature of production processes, the type or class of customers, the methods used to
    distribute the products or provide the services, and the nature of the regulatory environment. Operating
    segments which are not individually material may be aggregated if they share a majority of these criteria.

2   CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND ESTIMATES
    Notes 10(c), 13, 26(c), and 29 contain information about the assumptions and their risk factors relating to
    valuation of investment property, goodwill impairment, defined benefit plan asset/obligation and financial
    instruments. Other significant sources of estimation uncertainty are as follows:

(a) Impairment of assets

    In considering the impairment losses that may be required for certain non-financial assets of the Group, the
    recoverable amount of the asset needs to be determined. The recoverable amount is the greater of its fair
    value less costs of disposal and value in use. It is difficult to precisely estimate fair value because quoted
    market prices for these assets may not be readily available. In determining the value in use, expected cash
    flows generated by the asset are discounted to their present value, which requires significant judgement
    relating to items such as growth rates assumptions, appropriate discount rates and identification of CGUs.
    The Group uses all readily available information in determining an amount that is reasonable approximation
    of the recoverable amount, including estimates based on reasonable and supportable assumptions and
    projections of items such as revenue and operating costs.

    The impairment provisions for trade debtors and contract assets are based on assumptions about the
    expected loss rates. The Group uses judgement in making these assumptions and selecting the inputs to
    the impairment calculation, based on the customer’s credit worthiness and past collection history, existing
    market conditions as well as forward looking estimates at the end of each reporting period. For details of
    the key assumptions and inputs used, see note 29(a).

    An increase or decrease in the above impairment losses would affect the net profit in current and future
    years.

(b) Business solution projects

    As explained in note 1(z)(i)(c), revenue from business solution projects is recognised over time. Such
    revenue and profit recognition on an uncompleted project is dependent on estimating the total outcome of
    the contract, as well as the work done to date. Based on the Group’s recent experience and the nature of
    the business solution activities undertaken by the Group, the Group makes estimates of the point at which
    it considers the work is sufficiently advanced such that the outcome of the contract can be reasonably
    measured. Until this point is reached, the related contract assets disclosed in note 20(a) do not include
    profit which the Group may eventually realise from the work done to date. In addition, actual outcomes in
    terms of total costs or revenue may be higher or lower than estimated at the end of the reporting period,
    which would affect the revenue and profit recognised in future years as an adjustment to the amounts
    recorded to date.
210   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      2     CRITICAL ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENT AND ESTIMATES (Continued)
      (c)   Depreciation and amortisation

            Property, plant and equipment, right-of-use assets and intangible assets are depreciated and amortised on
            a straight-line basis over its estimated useful lives. The Group reviews annually the useful life of an asset
            and its residual value, if any, and consider factors including the track record or history of the concession
            assets arrangement. The depreciation and amortisation expenses for future periods are adjusted if there
            are significant changes from previous estimation. Changes in technology or changes in the intended use of
            these assets may cause the estimated period of use or value of these assets to change.

      3     REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING
      (a) Revenue

            The Group is principally engaged in the provision of telecommunications services, including mobile
            services, internet services, international telecommunications services, enterprise solutions and fixed line
            services, and sales of mobile handsets and equipment.

            Revenue represents fees from the provision of telecommunications services and sales of mobile handsets
            and equipment.

            (i)   Disaggregation of revenue

                  Disaggregation of revenue from contracts with customers by major service lines or products is as
                  follows:

                                                                                                                     2025                   2024
                                                                                           Note                  $ million               $ million

                     Revenue from contracts with customers

                     Disaggregated by major service lines or products:

                     Mobile services                                                         (i)                      1,159                   1,090
                     Internet services                                                      (ii)                      1,436                   1,499
                     International telecommunications services                              (iii)                     2,489                   2,365
                     Enterprise solutions                                                   (iv)                      2,745                   2,958
                     Fixed line services                                                    (v)                         122                     133
                     Fees from the provision of telecommunications
                       services                                                                                       7,951                   8,045
                     Sales of mobile handsets and equipment                                                           1,616                   1,528
                                                                                                                      9,567                   9,573

                  Notes:

                  (i)      Mobile services broadly include mobile local and roaming services, other mobile value-added services and others.

                  (ii)     Internet services broadly include internet access services, data centre services and others.

                  (iii)    International telecommunications services broadly include voice services, messaging services and “DataMall 自由行”
                           services.

                  (iv)     Enterprise solutions broadly include enterprise solutions services, business solution projects, virtual private network
                           services, sales of related products and others.

                  (v)      Fixed line services broadly include domestic and international fixed telephony services and others.
                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025          211




                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3   REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (Continued)
(a) Revenue (Continued)

    (i)    Disaggregation of revenue (Continued)

           Disaggregation of revenue from external customers by geographical location is disclosed in note 3(b)
           (iv).

           During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, fees from the provision of telecommunications
           services is substantially recognised over time and sales of mobile handsets and equipment is
           recognised at a point-in-time.

    (ii)   Revenue expected to be recognised in the future arising from contracts with customers in existence
           at the reporting date

                                                                                           2025                 2024
                                                                                       $ million             $ million

               Within 1 year                                                               2,274                2,217
               Over 1 year                                                                 1,128                1,154
                                                                                           3,402                3,371

           The Group will recognise the expected revenue in future when or as the service is performed or the
           work is completed.

           The Group has applied the practical expedient in paragraph 121(a) of HKFRS 15 to its contracts for
           services or products such that the above information does not include information about revenue
           that the Group will be entitled to when it satisfies the remaining performance obligations under the
           contracts for services or products that had an original expected duration of one year or less.

(b) Segment reporting

    In a manner consistent with the way in which information is reported internally to the Group’s senior
    executive management, which has been identified as being the chief operating decision maker, for the
    purposes of resource allocation and performance assessment, the Group has identified only one operating
    segment, i.e. telecommunications operations.

    (i)    Segment results, assets and liabilities

           For the purposes of assessing segment performance and allocating resources, the Group’s senior
           executive management monitors the results, assets and liabilities attributable to the reportable
           segment on the following bases:

           –      Segment assets include all assets, with the exception of investment properties, interest in a
                  joint venture, deferred tax assets, current tax recoverable, derivative financial instruments, and
                  other corporate assets. Segment liabilities include trade and other payables, contract liabilities,
                  lease liabilities and defined benefit plan obligations attributable to the operating activities of the
                  segment.

           –      Revenue and expenses are allocated to the reportable segment with reference to sales
                  generated by the segment and the expenses incurred by the segment or which otherwise arise
                  from the depreciation or amortisation of assets attributable to the segment.
212   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      3   REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (Continued)
      (b) Segment reporting (Continued)

          (ii)    Reconciliation of reportable segment profit

                                                                                     2025       2024
                                                                                 $ million   $ million

                   Profit
                   Reportable segment profit                                        1,972       2,026
                   Net loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment               (1)         (2)
                   Net foreign exchange gain                                            9          23
                   Depreciation and amortisation                                     (683)       (727)
                   Finance costs                                                     (152)       (252)
                   Share of profit of a joint venture                                   –           1
                   Interest income                                                     38          60
                   Rentals income from investment properties less direct
                     outgoings                                                         25          25
                   Valuation loss on investment properties                            (10)         (7)
                   Unallocated head office and corporate expenses                     (70)        (65)
                   Consolidated profit before taxation                              1,128       1,082

          (iii)   Reconciliations of reportable segment assets and liabilities

                                                                                     2025       2024
                                                                                 $ million   $ million

                   Assets
                   Reportable segment assets                                       16,209     16,620
                   Investment properties                                              609        668
                   Interest in a joint venture                                         12         11
                   Non-current derivative financial instruments                         –          2
                   Deferred tax assets                                                 78         69
                   Derivative financial instruments                                     –          2
                   Current tax recoverable                                              9         16
                   Unallocated head office and corporate assets                        70         67
                   Consolidated total assets                                       16,987      17,455
                   Liabilities
                   Reportable segment liabilities                                   2,221       2,388
                   Bank and other borrowings                                        1,206       3,561
                   Current tax payable                                                189         179
                   Non-current bank and other borrowings                            2,051         346
                   Non-current derivative financial instruments                         4           –
                   Deferred tax liabilities                                           124         133
                   Non-current tax payable                                             31           –
                   Unallocated head office and corporate liabilities                   20          21
                   Consolidated total liabilities                                   5,846       6,628
                                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025             213




                                                         NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


3   REVENUE AND SEGMENT REPORTING (Continued)
(b) Segment reporting (Continued)

    (iv)   Geographic information

           The following table sets out information about the geographical location of (i) the Group’s revenue
           from external customers and (ii) the Group’s investment properties, property, plant and equipment,
           right-of-use assets, intangible assets, goodwill, interest in a joint venture, non-current contract assets
           and contract costs (“specified non-current assets”). The geographical location of revenue is based on
           the physical location of assets through which the services were provided or the location at which the
           goods were delivered. The geographical location of the specified non-current assets is based on the
           physical location of the asset, in the case of investment properties, property, plant and equipment,
           and right-of-use assets; the location of the operations to which they are allocated, in the case of
           intangible assets, goodwill, non-current contract assets and contract costs; and the location of the
           operations, in the case of interest in a joint venture.

                                                   Revenue from external customers             Specified non-current assets
                                                             2025             2024                     2025            2024
                                                        $ million          $ million              $ million         $ million

            Hong Kong (place of domicile)                      3,889                3,715               1,752               1,748
            Chinese mainland                                     995                1,182                 382                423
            Macau                                              3,969                3,913              10,604             10,759
            Singapore                                            386                  499                 448                429
            Others                                               328                  264                 195                194
                                                               5,678                5,858              11,629              11,805
                                                               9,567                9,573              13,381             13,553

4   OTHER INCOME
                                                                                                   2025                    2024
                                                                                               $ million                $ million

      Interest income from deposits                                                                    35                      55
      Interest income from finance leases and other interest income                                     3                       5
                                                                                                       38                      60
      Gross rentals income from investment properties (note)                                           26                      26
                                                                                                       64                      86

    Note: The rentals income from investment properties less direct outgoings of $1,000,000 (2024: $1,000,000) for the year ended 31
          December 2025 is $25,000,000 (2024: $25,000,000).
214   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      5     PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION
            Profit before taxation is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

      (a) Cost of sales and services

            Cost of sales and services represents the cost of provision of telecommunications services, which includes
            interconnection charges, roaming costs and other network operating costs, and the cost of sales of mobile
            handsets and equipment.

                                                                                                               2025                    2024
                                                                                                           $ million                $ million

             Cost of provision of telecommunications services (note)                                           4,383                    4,514
             Cost of sales of mobile handsets and equipment                                                    1,585                    1,508
                                                                                                               5,968                    6,022

            Note: Rental charges for leased circuits of $717,000,000 (2024: $779,000,000) are included in cost of provision of telecommunications
                  services for the year ended 31 December 2025.


      (b) Depreciation and amortisation

                                                                                                               2025                    2024
                                                                                                           $ million                $ million

             Depreciation charge
             – property, plant and equipment (note 10(a))                                                         436                     479
             – right-of-use assets (note 11)                                                                      122                     139
             Amortisation (note 12)                                                                               125                     109
                                                                                                                  683                     727

      (c)   Staff costs (including directors’ emoluments (note 7))

                                                                                                               2025                    2024
                                                                                                           $ million                $ million

             Contributions to defined contribution retirement plans                                                65                       63
             Expenses recognised in respect of defined benefit plans:
             – long service payments (note 26(b))                                                                   2                       2
             – the Fund (note 26(c)(v))                                                                             6                       6
             Salaries, wages and other benefits                                                                 1,012                     949
                                                                                                               1,085                    1,020
                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025    215




                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


5   PROFIT BEFORE TAXATION (Continued)
(d) Finance costs

                                                                      2025           2024
                                                                  $ million       $ million

     Interest on bank and other borrowings                             136             231
     Interest on lease liabilities (note 22(f))                         15              15
     Other finance charges                                               4               5
     Others                                                             (3)              1
                                                                       152             252

(e) Other items

                                                                      2025           2024
                                                                  $ million       $ million

     Auditors’ remuneration
     – audit services                                                    8               7
     – non-audit services                                                2               4
                                                                        10              11

     Impairment losses for trade debtors and contract assets
       (note 29(a))                                                     82              48
     Net loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment               1               2
     Net foreign exchange gain                                          (9)            (23)
216   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      6   INCOME TAX
      (a) Income tax in the consolidated income statement

          (i)   Income tax in the consolidated income statement represents:

                                                                                               2025                 2024
                                                                                           $ million             $ million

                 Current tax
                 Hong Kong Profits Tax
                 – Provision for the year                                                         27                    32
                 – Over-provision in respect of prior years                                       (8)                    –
                                                                                                  19                    32
                 Pillar Two income taxes (note 6(b))                                              31                     –
                                                                                                  50                    32
                 Macau Complementary Tax
                 – Provision for the year                                                        142                  138
                 – Under-provision in respect of prior years                                       1                    1
                                                                                                 143                  139
                 Jurisdictions outside Hong Kong and Macau
                 – Provision for the year                                                         25                    24
                 – Over-provision in respect of prior years                                       (3)                  (22)
                                                                                                  22                     2
                 Deferred tax
                 Origination and reversal of temporary differences
                   (note 6(d))                                                                    (22)                 (19)
                                                                                                 193                  154

                The provision for Hong Kong Profits Tax for 2025 is calculated at 16.5% (2024: 16.5%) of the
                estimated assessable profits for the year, taking into account a reduction granted by the Hong
                Kong SAR Government of 100% of the tax payable for the year of assessment 2024/25 subject to a
                maximum reduction of $1,500 for each business (2024: a maximum reduction of $3,000 was granted
                for the year of assessment 2023/24 and was taken into account in calculating the provision for 2024).

                The provision for Macau Complementary Tax for 2025 is calculated at 12% (2024: 12%) of the
                estimated assessable profits for the year. Assessable profits of the first Macau Patacas (“MOP”)
                600,000 (equivalent to approximately $582,000) (2024: MOP600,000 (equivalent to approximately
                $582,000)) are exempted from Macau Complementary Tax.

                Taxation for jurisdictions outside Hong Kong and Macau is charged at the appropriate current rates of
                taxation ruling in the relevant jurisdictions. As disclosed in note 6(b), the Group is also liable to Pillar
                Two income taxes.
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025      217




                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


6     INCOME TAX (Continued)
(a) Income tax in the consolidated income statement (Continued)

      (ii)   Reconciliation between actual tax expense and accounting profit at applicable tax rates:

                                                                                         2025              2024
                                                                                     $ million          $ million

              Profit before taxation                                                     1,128             1,082
              Notional tax on profit before taxation, calculated at the rates
                applicable to profits in the cities or countries concerned                141                139
              Tax effect of non-deductible expenses                                        35                 58
              Tax effect of non-taxable income                                             (8)               (18)
              Tax effect of temporary differences previously not
                recognised and recognition of previous unused tax losses                     2                (4)
              Current income tax impact arising from Pillar Two model
                rules (note 6(b))                                                           31                 –
              Over-provision in respect of prior years                                     (10)              (21)
              Others                                                                         2                 –
              Actual tax expense                                                          193                154

(b) Pillar Two income taxes

      The Group is part of a multinational enterprise group which is subject to the Global Anti-Base Erosion
      Model Rules (“Pillar Two model rules”) published by the OECD.

      From 1 January 2025, the Group is subject to Pillar Two income taxes under the Hong Kong Inland Revenue
      (Amendment) (Minimum Tax for Multinational Enterprise Groups) Ordinance 2025 for its earnings in the
      Hong Kong SAR and certain other jurisdictions where a domestic minimum top-up tax has not been
      implemented, including Chinese mainland and the Macau SAR.

      The Group has applied the temporary mandatory exception to recognising and disclosing information about
      deferred tax assets and liabilities related to Pillar Two income taxes and accounted for the tax as current
      tax when incurred. During the year ended 31 December 2025, a top-up tax of $31,000,000 has been
      recognised as current tax.

(c)   Current taxation in the consolidated statement of financial position represents:

                                                                                         2025              2024
                                                                                     $ million          $ million

        Current
        Current tax recoverable                                                            (9)               (16)
        Current tax payable                                                               189                179
                                                                                          180                163
        Non-current
        Provision for Pillar Two income taxes                                               31                 –
                                                                                           211               163
218   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      6   INCOME TAX (Continued)
      (d) Deferred tax assets and liabilities recognised:

          The components of deferred tax liabilities/(assets) recognised in the consolidated statement of financial
          position and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                    Intangible Depreciation
                                                        assets allowances       Defined
                                                        arising   in excess      benefit      Future
                                                          from        of the retirement      benefits      Right-
                                                      business       related      asset/        of tax     of-use         Lease
                                                  combination depreciation obligation          losses      assets     liabilities     Others           Total
                                                      $ million    $ million   $ million    $ million    $ million     $ million    $ million       $ million

           Deferred tax arising from:
           As at 1 January 2024                           101            95           (5)         (98)         54            (59)           (5)           83
           (Credited)/charged to profit or loss
             (note 6(a)(i))                                (13)           (4)         –             7           3             (3)           (9)           (19)
           Charged to reserves                               –             –          1             –           –              –             –              1
           Exchange adjustments                             (1)            –          1             –           –              –            (1)            (1)
           As at 31 December 2024                          87            91           (3)         (91)         57            (62)          (15)           64
           As at 1 January 2025                            87            91           (3)         (91)         57            (62)          (15)           64
           (Credited)/charged to profit or loss
             (note 6(a)(i))                               (13)            (7)         –            (6)          (4)            4             4           (22)
           Charged to reserves                              –              –          5             –            –             –             –             5
           Exchange adjustments                             1              –          –            (1)           1            (1)           (1)           (1)
           As at 31 December 2025                          75            84           2           (98)         54            (59)          (12)           46

          Reconciliation to the consolidated statement of financial position

                                                                                                                               2025                  2024
                                                                                                                           $ million              $ million

           Net deferred tax assets in the consolidated statement of financial position                                              (78)                (69)
           Net deferred tax liabilities in the consolidated statement of financial position                                         124                 133
                                                                                                                                     46                  64

      (e) Deferred tax assets not recognised

          In accordance with the accounting policies set out in note 1(x), the Group has not recognised deferred tax
          assets in respect of unused tax losses of $26,000,000 (2024: $32,000,000) as at 31 December 2025 as it
          is not probable that future taxable profits against which the losses can be utilised will be available in the
          relevant tax jurisdictions and entities. $12,000,000 (2024: $22,000,000) of the tax losses do not expire
          under the current tax legislation, and $14,000,000 (2024: $10,000,000) of the tax losses will expire after 1
          to 10 years.
                                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025                 219




                                                                          NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


7   DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS
    Directors’ emoluments disclosed pursuant to section 383(1) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance (Cap.
    622) and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation (Cap.
    622G) are as follows:

                                                                                                         2025
                                                                           Basic                             Retirement
                                                         Directors’ salaries and Discretionary   Benefits        scheme                Share-based
                                                               fees allowances        bonuses      in kind contributions   Sub-total     payments        Total
                                                          $ million    $ million     $ million   $ million     $ million   $ million      $ million   $ million

        Executive directors
        Luo Xicheng ∆                                           –           4.43             –       0.03          0.02         4.48              –       4.48
        Wu Jun∆ (appointed on 25 July 2025)                     –           1.61             –       0.08          0.11         1.80              –       1.80
        Luan Zhenjun #/∆ (resigned on 30 January 2026)          –           3.64          0.15       0.17          0.22         4.18              –       4.18

        Non-executive directors
        Liu Jifu (retired on 24 March 2025)                     –              –             –          –             –            –              –          –
        Zhao Lei                                                –              –             –          –             –            –              –          –
        Wang Hua                                                –              –             –          –             –            –              –          –
        Yang Feng (appointed on 24 March 2025)                  –              –             –          –             –            –              –          –

        Independent non-executive directors
        Zuo Xunsheng                                          0.34             –             –          –             –         0.34              –       0.34
        Lam Yiu Kin                                           0.34             –             –          –             –         0.34              –       0.34
        Wen Ku                                                0.34             –             –          –             –         0.34              –       0.34
        Total                                                 1.02          9.68          0.15       0.28          0.35        11.48              –      11.48

    Note: Discretionary bonuses of $1,900,000 was determined and paid to Mr. Xin Yue Jiang (retired on 27 October 2023) during the year
          ended 31 December 2025, such amount was related to his term of service in the previous years.

    #           Director’s emoluments of Mr. Luan Zhenjun were determined and paid during the year ended 31 December 2025, such amounts
                included discretionary bonuses related to his term of service in the previous years.

    ∆           The discretionary bonuses for 2025 will be determined based on an evaluation to be conducted and finalised in the coming years.
                Such emoluments, when finalised, will be disclosed on an individual name basis in the consolidated financial statements in such
                coming years.
220   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      7   DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
                                                                                                         2024
                                                                            Basic                             Retirement
                                                        Directors’   salaries and Discretionary   Benefits       scheme                 Share-based
                                                             fees     allowances       bonuses      in kind contributions   Sub-total     payments        Total
                                                         $ million       $ million    $ million   $ million     $ million   $ million      $ million   $ million

              Executive directors
              Luo Xicheng #/∆                                   –          4.43           0.82       0.03           0.02        5.30              –        5.30
              Luan Zhenjun #/∆                                  –          3.64           2.34       0.14           0.20        6.32              –        6.32

              Non-executive directors
              Liu Jifu                                          –             –               –         –               –          –              –           –
              Zhao Lei (appointed on 6 December 2024)           –             –               –         –               –          –              –           –
              Zhang Bo (resigned on 6 December 2024)            –             –               –         –               –          –              –           –
              Wang Hua (appointed on 21 May 2024)               –             –               –         –               –          –              –           –
              Fei Yiping (resigned on 21 May 2024)              –             –               –         –               –          –              –           –

              Independent non-executive directors
              Zuo Xunsheng                                   0.34              –              –         –               –       0.34              –        0.34
              Lam Yiu Kin                                    0.34              –              –         –               –       0.34              –        0.34
              Wen Ku                                         0.34              –              –         –               –       0.34              –        0.34
              Total                                          1.02          8.07            3.16      0.17           0.22       12.64              –       12.64

          Note: Discretionary bonuses of $2,390,000 was determined and paid to Mr. Xin Yue Jiang (retired on 27 October 2023) during the year
                ended 31 December 2024, such amount was related to his term of service in the previous years.

          #           Directors’ emoluments of Mr. Luo Xicheng and Mr. Luan Zhenjun were determined and paid during the year ended 31 December
                      2024, such amounts included discretionary bonuses related to their term of service in the previous years.

          ∆           The discretionary bonuses for 2024 will be determined based on an evaluation to be conducted and finalised in the coming years.
                      Such emoluments, when finalised, will be disclosed on an individual name basis in the consolidated financial statements in such
                      coming years.


          The above tables included emoluments paid or receivable in respect of a person’s services as a director,
          whether of the Company or its subsidiaries, and emoluments paid or receivable in respect of director’s
          other services in connection with the management of the affairs of the Company or its subsidiaries
          undertaking during the period of his/her being as a director. The above emoluments are included in staff
          costs as presented in note 5(c).

          A number of the Company’s directors were granted share options of the Company. Details of the share
          option plan are set out in note 27.

          The discretionary bonuses of the Group were determined and approved by the Company’s remuneration
          committee with reference to the performance of the Group and the respective directors.

          During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, no emoluments were paid by the Company to any of
          the directors as an inducement to join or upon joining the Company or as compensation for loss of office,
          and none of the directors has waived or agreed to waive any emoluments.
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025         221




                                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


7   DIRECTORS’ EMOLUMENTS (Continued)
    During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, no retirement benefits, payments or benefits in
    respect of termination of directors’ services were paid or made, directly or indirectly, to the directors;
    nor are any payable, no consideration was provided to or receivable by third parties for making available
    directors’ services, and there are no loans, quasi-loans or other dealings in favour of the directors, their
    controlled bodies corporate and connected entities.

    No director of the Company had a material interest, directly or indirectly, in any significant transactions,
    arrangements and contracts in relation to the Company’s business to which the Company was or is a party
    that subsisted at the end of the year or at any time during the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024.

8   INDIVIDUALS WITH HIGHEST EMOLUMENTS
    Of the five individuals with the highest emoluments, one is a director (2024: two are directors) whose
    emoluments are disclosed in note 7. The aggregate of the emoluments in respect of the other four (2024:
    three) individuals are as follows:

                                                                                     2025                2024
                                                                                 $ million            $ million

     Salaries and other emoluments                                                   11.65                9.71
     Discretionary bonuses                                                           14.19               11.92
     Retirement scheme contributions                                                  0.59                0.51
                                                                                     26.43               22.14

    The emoluments of the four (2024: three) individuals with the highest emoluments are within the following
    bands:

                                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                               Number of           Number of
                                                                               individuals         individuals

     $
     4,000,001 – 4,500,000                                                               2                   2
     4,500,001 – 5,000,000                                                               1                   –
     13,000,001 – 13,500,000                                                             1                   1

    During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, no emoluments were paid by the Company to any of
    the highest paid individuals as an inducement to join or upon joining the Company or as compensation for
    loss of office.
222   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      9   EARNINGS PER SHARE
      (a) Basic earnings per share

                                                                                             2025                2024
                                                                                         $ million            $ million

           Profit attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                           920                 910

          The weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year, is calculated as follows:

                                                                                          Number of shares
                                                                                             2025                2024
                                                                                           million              million

           Issued ordinary shares as at 1 January                                            3,701               3,700
           Effect of share options exercised                                                     –                   1
           Weighted average number of ordinary shares as at 31 December                      3,701                3,701
           Basic earnings per share (HK cents)                                                24.9                 24.6

      (b) Diluted earnings per share

          Diluted earnings per share for the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024 were the same as basic
          earnings per share, as there were no potential dilutive ordinary shares in existence, or any potential dilutive
          ordinary shares did not have a significant impact on the weighted average number of ordinary shares.
                                                                                                               ANNUAL REPORT 2025              223




                                                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


10 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES AND PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
(a) Reconciliation of carrying amount

                                                  Land and
                                                  buildings Telecommu-
                                                    held for   nications        Other Construction                Investment
                                                   own use equipment           assets in progress      Sub-total   properties         Total
                                                                                                                 (notes 10(b)
                                                                            (note 10(e))                            and 10(c))
                                                  $ million    $ million     $ million     $ million   $ million     $ million    $ million

     Cost or valuation:
     As at 1 January 2024                              315         6,149          526            68        7,058          726         7,784
     Additions                                           –           112            36          262          410            –           410
     Disposals                                           –          (345)          (11)           –         (356)           –          (356)
     Transfer from investment property to
       owner-occupied property (note 10(b)(i)
       and note 11)                                     19            –              –            –           19           (51)         (32)
     Transfer upon completion                            –          246             12         (258)           –             –            –
     Fair value adjustment                               –            –              –            –            –            (7)          (7)
     Exchange adjustments                               (1)         (29)            (5)           –          (35)            –          (35)
     As at 31 December 2024                            333         6,133          558            72        7,096          668         7,764
     Representing:
     Cost                                              333         6,133          558            72        7,096            –         7,096
     Valuation – 2024                                    –             –            –             –            –          668           668
                                                       333         6,133          558            72        7,096          668         7,764
     As at 1 January 2025                              333         6,133          558            72        7,096          668         7,764
     Additions                                           –           102           34           224          360            –           360
     Disposals                                           –          (309)          (3)            –         (312)           –          (312)
     Transfer from investment properties to
       owner-occupied property (note 10(b)(i)
       and note 11)                                     23             –             –            –          23           (61)         (38)
     Transfer from owner-occupied property to
       investment properties (note 10(b)(ii))          (19)            –             –            –         (19)            12          (7)
     Transfer to intangible assets (note 12(a))          –          (171)            –            –        (171)             –        (171)
     Transfer upon completion                            –           222             7         (230)         (1)             –          (1)
     Fair value adjustment                               –             –             –            –           –            (10)        (10)
     Exchange adjustments                                1            29             8            –          38              –          38
     As at 31 December 2025                            338         6,006          604            66        7,014          609        7,623
     Representing:
     Cost                                              338         6,006          604            66        7,014            –         7,014
     Valuation – 2025                                    –             –            –             –            –          609           609
                                                       338         6,006          604            66        7,014          609        7,623
224   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      10 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES AND PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
         (Continued)
      (a) Reconciliation of carrying amount (Continued)

                                                        Land and
                                                        buildings Telecommu-
                                                          held for   nications        Other Construction                Investment
                                                         own use equipment           assets in progress      Sub-total   properties        Total
                                                                                                                       (notes 10(b)
                                                                                  (note 10(e))                            and 10(c))
                                                        $ million    $ million     $ million     $ million   $ million     $ million   $ million

           Accumulated depreciation:
           As at 1 January 2024                              145         4,521          403             –       5,069             –       5,069
           Charge for the year (note 5(b))                     7           434            38            –         479             –         479
           Written back on disposals                           –          (342)          (11)           –        (353)            –        (353)
           Exchange adjustments                                –           (26)           (4)           –         (30)            –         (30)
           As at 31 December 2024                            152         4,587          426             –        5,165             –      5,165
           As at 1 January 2025                              152         4,587          426             –       5,165             –       5,165
           Charge for the year (note 5(b))                     8           390           38             –         436             –         436
           Transfer from owner-occupied property to
             investment properties (note 10(b)(ii))            (7)           –             –            –           (7)            –         (7)
           Transfer to intangible assets (note 12(a))           –          (97)            –            –          (97)            –        (97)
           Written back on disposals                            –         (307)           (3)           –         (310)            –       (310)
           Exchange adjustments                                 1           25             7            –           33             –         33
           As at 31 December 2025                            154         4,598          468             –       5,220             –       5,220
           Net book value:
           As at 31 December 2025                            184         1,408          136            66       1,794           609       2,403
           As at 31 December 2024                            181         1,546           132           72       1,931           668       2,599
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025         225




                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


10 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES AND PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
   (Continued)
(b) Transfers

      (i)    Transfer from investment properties to owner-occupied property

             During the year ended 31 December 2025, due to the change of use, part of the Group’s investment
             properties was transferred to land and buildings held for own use (which is included in property, plant
             and equipment) and ownership interests in leasehold land held for own use (which is included in right-
             of-use assets). Upon the date of transfer, the fair value was determined by directors with reference
             to the professional valuations using direct comparison approach and are categorised as Level 3 fair
             value measurement as defined in HKFRS 13, Fair value measurement. As a result, the fair value of
             $23,000,000 (2024: $19,000,000) and $38,000,000 (2024: $32,000,000) at the date of transfer became
             the deemed costs of land and buildings held for own use and ownership interests in leasehold land
             held for own use respectively for subsequent accounting.

      (ii)   Transfer from owner-occupied property to investment properties

             During the year ended 31 December 2025, due to the change of use, part of the Group’s land and
             buildings held for own use was transferred to investment properties. Upon the date of transfer, the
             fair value was determined by directors with reference to the professional valuations using direct
             comparison approach and are categorised as Level 3 fair value measurement as defined in HKFRS 13,
             Fair value measurement . As a result, revaluation surplus of less than $1,000,000 was recognised in
             other comprehensive income.

(c)   Fair value measurement of investment properties

      (i)    Fair value hierarchy

             The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s investment properties measured at the
             end of the reporting period on a recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy
             as defined in HKFRS 13, Fair value measurement . The level into which a fair value measurement is
             classified is determined with reference to the observability and significance of the inputs used in the
             valuation technique as follows:

             –    Level 1 valuations: Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted quoted prices in
                  active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date

             –    Level 2 valuations: Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs which fail to
                  meet Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for
                  which market data are not available

             –    Level 3 valuations: Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs
226   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      10 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES AND PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
         (Continued)
      (c)   Fair value measurement of investment properties (Continued)

            (i)   Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

                                                                  Fair value
                                                                                     Fair value measurements as at
                                                                       as at
                                                                                   31 December 2025 categorised into
                                                               31 December
                                                                        2025         Level 1        Level 2        Level 3
                                                                   $ million       $ million      $ million      $ million

                   Recurring fair value measurement
                   Investment properties:
                   – Industrial – Hong Kong                               597             –              –             597
                   – Commercial – Chinese mainland                         12             –              –              12


                                                                    Fair value
                                                                         as at       Fair value measurements as at
                                                                31 December        31 December 2024 categorised into
                                                                         2024       Level 1        Level 2        Level 3
                                                                     $ million     $ million      $ million      $ million

                   Recurring fair value measurement
                   Investment property:
                   – Industrial – Hong Kong                               668             –              –             668
                   – Commercial – Chinese mainland                          –             –              –               –

                  During the year ended 31 December 2025, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2, or
                  transfers into or out of Level 3 (2024: Nil). The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers between levels
                  of fair value hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in which they occur.

                  All of the Group’s investment properties were revalued as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.

                  The valuation for the investment property located in Hong Kong was carried out by an independent
                  firm of surveyors, Centaline Surveyors Limited, who have among their staff Fellows of the Hong Kong
                  Institute of Surveyors with recent experience in the location and category of property being valued.

                  The valuation for the investment property located in Chinese mainland was carried out by an
                  independent firm of surveyors who have among their staff Fellows of the China Appraisal Society with
                  recent experience in the location and category of property being valued.

                  The management has discussion with the surveyors on the valuation assumptions and valuation
                  results when the valuation is performed at each interim and annual reporting date.
                                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT 2025               227




                                                      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


10 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES AND PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
   (Continued)
(c)   Fair value measurement of investment properties (Continued)

      (ii)   Information about Level 3 fair value measurements

             i.     Investment property – Industrial – Hong Kong

                                                                      Major                                 Relationship of
                                                      Valuation unobservable                                  unobservable
                                                      technique        input      Input amount           inputs to fair value

                     Investment property                 Direct      Adjusted         $3,874 per              The higher the
                       Industrial – Hong Kong       comparison     market unit       square foot            adjusted market
                                                      approach            rate     (2024: $3,930        unit rate, the higher
                                                                                 per square foot)               the fair value

                    The fair value of investment property located in Hong Kong is determined by using direct
                    comparison approach by reference to recent sales price of comparable properties on a price
                    per square foot basis, adjusted for timing factors, size, quality and location of the investment
                    property.

                    The movement during the year in the balance of the Level 3 fair value measurement is as
                    follows:

                                                                                            2025                       2024
                                                                                        $ million                   $ million

                     As at 1 January                                                          668                        726
                     Transfer to owner-occupied property
                       (notes 10(a), 10(b)(i) and note 11)                                    (61)                        (51)
                     Fair value adjustment (note 10(a))                                       (10)                         (7)
                     As at 31 December                                                        597                        668

             ii.    Investment property – Commercial – Chinese mainland

                    The fair value of investment property located in Chinese mainland is determined by using direct
                    comparison approach.

                    The movement during the year in the balance of the Level 3 fair value measurement is as
                    follows:

                                                                                            2025                       2024
                                                                                        $ million                   $ million

                     As at 1 January                                                                –                       –
                     Transfer from owner-occupied property
                       (notes 10(a) and 10(b)(ii))                                             12                           –
                     As at 31 December                                                         12                           –

             iii.   Fair value adjustment of investment properties is recognised in the line item “valuation loss on
                    investment properties” on the face of the consolidated income statement.

                    The fair value adjustment recognised in profit or loss for the year arises from the investment
                    properties held at the end of the reporting period.
228   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      10 INVESTMENT PROPERTIES AND PROPERTY, PLANT AND EQUIPMENT
         (Continued)
      (d) Investment properties

           The Group leases out investment properties under operating leases. The leases typically run for an initial
           period of 1 to 3 years, with an option to renew the lease after that date at which time all terms are
           renegotiated. None of the leases includes variable lease payments.

           Undiscounted lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases in place at the reporting date will be
           receivable by the Group in future periods as follows:

                                                                                           2025                2024
                                                                                       $ million            $ million

            Within 1 year                                                                     21                  22
            After 1 year but within 2 years                                                   10                  18
            After 2 years but within 3 years                                                   –                   8
                                                                                              31                  48

      (e) Other assets include electronic data processing equipment, furniture and fixtures, motor vehicles, leasehold
           improvements and office equipment.
                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025     229




                                            NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


11 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS
                                             Ownership
                                            interests in         Other
                                         leasehold land     properties
                                                held for    leased for
                                               own use        own use       Other assets          Total
                                               (note (i))    (note (ii))      (note (iii))
                                               $ million      $ million        $ million      $ million

   Cost:
   As at 1 January 2024                              211            762                 5          978
   Additions                                           –            121                 –          121
   Transfer from investment property
     (notes 10(a) and 10(b)(i))                       32               –                –            32
   Surrenders and expiry of leases                     –           (135)                –         (135)
   Exchange adjustments                                –             (13)               –           (13)
   As at 31 December 2024                            243           735                  5          983
   As at 1 January 2025                              243           735                  5          983
   Additions                                           –            85                  –           85
   Transfer from investment properties
     (notes 10(a) and 10(b)(i))                       38              –                 –           38
   Surrenders and expiry of leases                     –           (110)               (5)        (115)
   Exchange adjustments                                –             16                 –           16
   As at 31 December 2025                            281           726                  –        1,007
   Accumulated depreciation:
   As at 1 January 2024                               58            461                 5          524
   Charge for the year (note 5(b))                     8            131                 –          139
   Surrenders and expiry of leases                     –           (135)                –         (135)
   Exchange adjustments                                –             (6)                –           (6)
   As at 31 December 2024                             66           451                  5          522
   As at 1 January 2025                               66            451                 5          522
   Charge for the year (note 5(b))                     8            114                 –          122
   Surrenders and expiry of leases                     –           (109)               (5)        (114)
   Exchange adjustments                                –             10                 –           10
   As at 31 December 2025                             74           466                  –          540
   Net book value:
   As at 31 December 2025                            207           260                  –          467
   As at 31 December 2024                            177           284                  –          461
230   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      11 RIGHT-OF-USE ASSETS (Continued)
            The analysis of expense items in relation to leases recognised in profit or loss is as follows:

                                                                                                2025               2024
                                                                                            $ million           $ million

             Depreciation charge                                                                 122                 139
             Interest on lease liabilities (note 5(d))                                            15                  15
             Expense relating to short-term leases                                               133                 107

            Details of total cash outflow for leases and the maturity analysis of lease liabilities are set out in notes
            22(g) and 25 respectively.

      (i)   Ownership interests in leasehold land held for own use

            The Group holds an industrial building in Hong Kong. The Group is the registered owner of this property
            interest, including the whole or part of undivided share in the underlying land. Lump sum payments were
            made upfront to acquire this property interests from its previous registered owners, and there are no
            ongoing payments to be made under the terms of the land lease, other than payments based on rateable
            values set by the relevant government authorities. These payments vary from time to time and are payable
            to the relevant government authorities.

      (ii) Other properties leased for own use

            The Group has obtained the right to use other properties as its offices, retail stores, cell sites and data
            centres through tenancy agreements. The leases typically run for an initial period of over 1 to 6 years, with
            the exception of three rental contracts which have been entered into for the period of 15 years.

            Some leases include an option to renew the lease for an additional period after the end of the non-
            cancellable lease term. Where practicable, the Group seeks to include such extension options exercisable
            by the Group to provide operational flexibility. The Group assesses at lease commencement date whether
            it is reasonably certain to exercise the extension options. If the Group is not reasonably certain to exercise
            the extension options, the future lease payments during the extension periods are not included in the
            measurement of lease liabilities. The potential exposure to these future lease payments is summarised
            below:

                                                                                     Potential future lease payments
                                                                                  under extension options not included
                                                                                    in lease liabilities (undiscounted)
                                                                                                2025               2024
                                                                                            $ million           $ million

             Offices – Outside Hong Kong                                                           13                 12

      (iii) Other assets

            Other assets include leased circuits and equipment under leases expiring from over 1 to 5 years. Some
            leases include an option to renew the lease when all terms are renegotiated. None of the leases includes
            variable lease payments.
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025       231




                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


12 INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                    Trade                 Concession
                                                 Customer         names/     Computer          assets
                                             relationships    trademarks      software    (note 12(a))      Total
                                                  $ million      $ million    $ million      $ million   $ million

   Cost:
   As at 1 January 2024                              1,148            801           26              –       1,975
   Additions                                            18              –            –              –          18
   Write-off                                             –              –           (5)             –          (5)
   Exchange adjustments                                  –             (1)           –              –          (1)
   As at 31 December 2024                            1,166            800           21              –       1,987
   As at 1 January 2025                              1,166            800           21              –       1,987
   Transfer from property, plant and
     equipment (notes 10(a) and 12(a))                   –              –            –             74          74
   Transfer upon completion from
     construction in progress (note 10(a))               –              –            –              1           1
   Exchange adjustments                                  2              2            –              –           4
   As at 31 December 2025                            1,168            802           21             75       2,066
   Accumulated amortisation:
   As at 1 January 2024                                803            323           25              –       1,151
   Charge for the year (note 5(b))                      78             31            –              –         109
   Write-off                                             –              –           (5)             –          (5)
   Exchange adjustments                                  –             (1)           1              –           –
   As at 31 December 2024                              881            353           21              –       1,255
   As at 1 January 2025                                881            353           21              –       1,255
   Charge for the year (note 5(b))                      92             31            –              2         125
   Exchange adjustments                                  2              1            –              –           3
   As at 31 December 2025                              975            385           21              2       1,383
   Net book value:
   As at 31 December 2025                              193            417            –             73         683
   As at 31 December 2024                              285            447            –              –         732
232   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      12 INTANGIBLE ASSETS (Continued)
      (a) Concession assets

          In September 2025, the Company’s subsidiary, Companhia de Telecomunicações de Macau, S.A. (“CTM”)
          and the Macau Government entered into a supplemental concession agreement (the “2025 Supplemental
          Concession Agreement”), under which the Macau Government agreed to extend the concession for
          operating domestic and international fixed voice telephony services (the “Concession”) under the Midterm
          Review of the Concession Agreement for Public Telecommunications Services (the “Midterm Review
          of Concession Agreement”) by two years until 30 September 2027. The 2025 Supplemental Concession
          Agreement also grants the Macau Government a termination right by giving CTM 60 days’ prior notice,
          exercisable from 1 October 2026.

          Pursuant to the 2025 Supplemental Concession Agreement, certain assets (the “Assets”), as defined under
          Clauses 5, 6, and 7 of the Midterm Review of Concession Agreement, were transferred to the Macau
          Government on 1 October 2025, on the same day, the Macau Government handed over the Assets to CTM
          for its continuing use during the concession period. The Macau Government has also indicated its intention
          to make part of the Assets, such as the concession ducts, available for use by other telecommunications
          network operators in the Macau Special Administrative Region (the “Shared Assets”).

          As a result, CTM reclassified the net book value of the Shared Assets of $74,000,000 as Concession Assets
          and amortised their carrying amounts over a period during which they are expected to be available for use
          by CTM.

          For the remaining part of the Assets (the “Remaining Assets”), as CTM retains control over them to derive
          economic benefits, it will continue to be recognised as property, plant, and equipment. Their carrying
          amounts will be depreciated over their estimated useful lives. As at 31 December 2025, the net book value
          of the Remaining Assets is $148,000,000.

          For determining and estimating the useful lives of the Shared Assets and Remaining Assets, CTM based on
          the assumption of the subsequent successful renewal of the Concession or the grant of a new operating
          license to CTM to enable the continuation of managing and operating those assets.
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025     233




                                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


13 GOODWILL
                                                                                     2025                2024
                                                                                 $ million            $ million

   Cost and carrying amount:
   As at 1 January                                                                      9,696            9,717
   Exchange adjustments                                                                    42              (21)
   As at 31 December                                                                    9,738            9,696

  Impairment tests for groups of cash-generating units containing goodwill

  Goodwill is allocated to the groups of cash-generating units identified as follows:

                                                                                     2025                2024
                                                                                 $ million            $ million

   Telecoms business – Macau                                                            8,893            8,885
   Enterprise solutions (outside Macau)                                                   250              234
   Other telecommunications services                                                      595              577
                                                                                        9,738            9,696

  The recoverable amounts of the groups of cash-generating units are determined based on value-in-use
  calculations which are higher than the carrying amounts. These calculations use cash flow projections based
  on financial budgets approved by management covering a three-year period. For the subsequent two years
  of the model, data from the financial budgets is extrapolated generally using simplified assumptions such
  as macro-economic and industry assumptions. Cash flows after the first five-year period are extrapolated
  generally using expected annual long-term growth rates, in order to calculate the terminal value.

  Key assumptions used for the value-in-use calculations are as follows:

                                                                                        2025             2024

   Services revenue growth rates                                             1.1% to 3.4%         0.1% to 2.8%
   Profit margins                                                          20.0% to 48.6%       20.7% to 49.3%
   Long-term growth rates                                                             2.5%                3.0%
   Discount rates                                                             7.7% to 9.7%       9.2% to 10.5%

  The average services revenue growth rates, profit margins and long-term growth rates used for the
  respective groups of cash-generating units are based on past performance and management’s expectation
  for market development. The discount rates used are pre-tax and reflect specific risks relating to the
  respective groups of cash-generating units. Any adverse change in the key assumptions could reduce the
  recoverable amount below carrying amount.

  A reasonable possible change in the above assumptions would not result in impairment and as such
  disclosure of sensitivity analysis is not considered as necessary.
234   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      14 INTERESTS IN SUBSIDIARIES
      (a) The following list contains only the particulars of principal subsidiaries of the Group as at 31 December
           2025.

                                                                      Particulars of         Proportion of
                                                       Place of          issued and        ownership interest
                                                 incorporation/        fully paid-up    Held by the       Held by
            Name of company                           operation               capital     Company     subsidiaries                   Principal activity
            Acclivis Technologies and               Republic of   Singapore Dollars           100%               –                      Provision of
             Solutions Pte. Ltd.                     Singapore             (“SGD”)                                       telecommunications services
                                                                       16,500,000*

            Asia Pacific Internet Exchange          Hong Kong                HK$2*                –         100%      Property and equipment holding,
             Limited                                                                                                           and investment holding

            China Enterprise ICT Solutions        The People’s            Renminbi                –          49%              Provision of value-added
             Limited (“CEC”) ***                   Republic of             (“RMB”)                       (note (i))      telecommunications services
                                                        China            84,620,000

            China Enterprise Netcom                 Hong Kong              HK$100*                –         100%      Provision of telecommunications
             Corporation Limited                                                                                               and technology services

            CITIC Telecom CPC Estonia OÜ            Republic of       Euro (“EUR”)                –         100%      Provision of telecommunications
                                                       Estonia              20,001*                                                          services

            CITIC Telecom CPC                      Netherlands     EUR131,056.71*                 –         100%                    Provision of wired
              Netherlands B.V.                                                                                           telecommunications services
                                                                                                                              and investment holding

            CITIC Telecom CPC Poland Sp.zo.o.       Republic of        Polish Zloty               –         100%      Provision of telecommunications
                                                        Poland             56,000*                                                           services

            CITIC Telecom International CPC         Hong Kong      HK$402,712,186*                –         100%      Provision of telecommunications
              Limited                                                                                                                        services

            CITIC Telecom International CPC              Japan        Japanese Yen                –         100%      Provision of telecommunications
              Japan Limited                                                (“JPY”)                                                           services
                                                                       10,000,000*

            CITIC Telecom International CPC           Malaysia    Malaysian Ringgit               –         100%      Provision of telecommunications
              (Malaysia) Sdn. Bhd.                                         (“MYR”)                                                           services
                                                                          500,000*

            CITIC Telecom International CPC         Republic of     SGD2,000,000*                 –         100%      Provision of telecommunications
              (Singapore) Pte. Ltd.                  Singapore                                                                               services

            CITIC Telecom International (Data)      Hong Kong                HK$2*                –         100%      Provision of telecommunications
              Limited                                                                                                                        services
                                                                                                                       ANNUAL REPORT 2025               235




                                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


14 INTERESTS IN SUBSIDIARIES (Continued)
(a) The following list contains only the particulars of principal subsidiaries of the Group as at 31 December
      2025. (Continued)

                                                                     Particulars of         Proportion of
                                                      Place of          issued and        ownership interest
                                                incorporation/        fully paid-up    Held by the       Held by
          Name of company                            operation               capital     Company     subsidiaries                  Principal activity
          CITIC Telecom International                   Japan      JPY10,000,000*                –         100%     Provision of telecommunications
            (Japan) Ltd.                                                                                                                   services

          CITIC Telecom International              Hong Kong                HK$2*            100%              –    Provision of telecommunications
            Limited                                                                                                 services and investment holding

          CITIC Telecom (UK) Limited                   United    Pound Sterling 2*               –         100%     Provision of telecommunications
                                                     Kingdom                                                                               services

          ComNet Telecom (HK) Limited              Hong Kong                HK$2*                –         100%     Provision of telecommunications
                                                                                                                                           services

          ComNet Telecom International             Hong Kong                HK$2*                –         100%     Provision of telecommunications
           Limited                                                                                                                         services

          Companhia de Telecomunicações                Macau                 MOP              99%              –    Provision of telecommunications
           de Macau, S.A.                                            150,000,000*                                                          services

          Neostar Investment Limited               Hong Kong                HK$2*                –         100%                    Property holding

          Pacific ComNet (M) Sdn. Bhd.               Malaysia        MYR700,000*                 –         100%     Provision of telecommunications
                                                                                                                                           services

          Pacific Internet (S) Pte. Ltd.           Republic of       SGD500,000*                 –         100%     Provision of telecommunications
                                                    Singapore                                                                              services

          Pacific Internet (Thailand) Limited        Thailand           Thai Baht                –         100%     Provision of telecommunications
                                                                     188,176,100*                                                          services

          中信電訊(上海)科技有限公司**                       The People’s      RMB26,600,000             100%              –    Provision of telecommunications
                                                  Republic of                                                          services and property holding
                                                       China

      Notes:

      (i)      The Group has consolidated the results of CEC as the Group is exposed and has rights to variable returns from its involvement with
               CEC and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over CEC.

      *        Represents ordinary shares.

      **       Registered as wholly foreign owned enterprise under the law of the People’s Republic of China.

      ***      Registered as limited liability company under the law of the People’s Republic of China.


(b)   The Group had no subsidiaries which have material non-controlling interests for the years ended
      31 December 2025 and 2024.
236   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      15 INTEREST IN A JOINT VENTURE
          As at 31 December 2025, the Group’s 85% equity interest in a joint venture of $12,000,000 (2024:
          $11,000,000) comprised an investee company.

          The principal activity of this investee company is investment holding and has a wholly-owned subsidiary
          which is principally engaged in the provision of telecommunications services.

          The equity interest in this investee company is accounted for as a joint venture in the consolidated financial
          statements under the equity method as the Group and the other shareholder of this investee company
          share joint control over the entity and have rights to the net assets of the entity.

      16 DERIVATIVE FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS
                                                                                            2025                 2024
                                                                                        $ million             $ million

           Derivative financial assets
           – held as cash flow hedging instrument (notes 29(d)(i) and
               29(d)(ii))                                                                        –                   2
           – other derivative (note 29(d)(iii))                                                  –                   2
                                                                                                 –                   4
           Less: amount included under “current assets”                                          –                  (2)
                                                                                                 –                   2
           Derivative financial liability
           – other derivative (note 29(d)(iii))                                                  4                   –

      17 INVENTORIES
          Inventories in the consolidated statement of financial position mainly comprise mobile handsets and
          equipment and business solutions projects’ parts.

          As at 31 December 2025, the carrying amount of inventories of $98,000,000 (2024: $375,000,000) is stated
          at lower of cost and net realisable value.

          The analysis of the amount of inventories recognised as an expense and included in profit or loss is as
          follows:

                                                                                            2025                 2024
                                                                                        $ million             $ million

           Carrying amount of inventories sold                                              1,853                1,863
           Write-down of inventories                                                            –                    1
                                                                                            1,853                1,864
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025          237




                                                NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


18 CONTRACT COSTS
  Contract costs capitalised primarily relate to the incremental sales commissions paid to employees
  or agents whose selling activities resulted in customers entering into contracts for the provision of
  telecommunications services. Contract costs are recognised as part of “costs of sales and services” in the
  consolidated income statement in the period in which revenue from the related contracts is recognised. The
  amount of capitalised costs recognised in profit or loss during the year was $4,000,000 (2024: $5,000,000).
  There was no impairment in relation to the opening balance of capitalised costs or the costs capitalised
  during the year (2024: Nil).

  The Group applies the practical expedient in paragraph 94 of HKFRS 15 and recognises the incremental
  costs of obtaining contracts as an expense when incurred if the amortisation period of the assets that the
  Group otherwise would have recognised is one year or less from the initial recognition of the asset.

19 FINANCE LEASE RECEIVABLES
  The following table shows the maturity analysis of the minimum finance lease receivables:

                                                                                     2025                2024
                                                                                 $ million            $ million

   Within 1 year                                                                         2                    2
   After 1 year but within 2 years                                                       –                    2
   Total contractual undiscounted finance lease receivables and
     carrying amount of finance lease receivables                                        2                    4
   Present value of minimum finance lease receivables:
   Within 1 year                                                                         2                    2
   After 1 year but within 2 years                                                       –                    2
                                                                                         2                    4

  During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, no new finance lease arrangements were entered
  into by the Group. The terms of finance leases are for 3-5 years (2024: 2-5 years). The legal title of relevant
  assets will pass to the lessee at the end of the lease term. All interest rates inherent in the leases are
  fixed at the contract date over the lease terms and ranged from 2.14% to 9.75% (2024: 2.14% to 9.75%)
  per annum.

  Finance lease receivables are secured over the computer hardware and peripheral equipment leased. The
  Group does not permit lessee to sell or repledge the collateral in the absence of default.
238   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      20 CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES
      (a) Contract assets

                                                                                            2025                2024
                                                                                        $ million            $ million

              Arising from international telecommunications services                           10                   8
              Arising from sales of mobile handsets and equipment bundled
                with services                                                                 164                 118
              Arising from business solution projects                                         112                 142
                                                                                              286                 268
              Represented by:
              Non-current portion                                                              58                  33
              Current portion                                                                 228                 235
                                                                                              286                 268
              Receivables from contracts with customers within the scope
                of HKFRS 15, which are included in “trade and other
                receivables” (note 21)                                                        846                 912

          Typical payment terms which impact on the amount of contract assets recognised are as follows:

          –      International telecommunications services

                 The Group provides international telecommunications services to telecommunications operators. The
                 Group and certain telecommunications operators enter into contracts with minimum commitments on
                 either transaction amount or unit of traffic to be processed and contract term would usually last for
                 over three months. Such contracts involve large amount of transactions and both parties are required
                 to verify and reconcile the transactions details received from the counter party against their own
                 records. Once the verification and reconciliation work have been completed, the Group will issue
                 an invoice to the telecommunications operator. The Group’s right to the consideration is generally
                 unconditional upon the completion of verification and reconciliation work from both parties as well as
                 the issuance of invoice.

          –      Sales of mobile handsets and equipment bundled with services

                 The Group offers packages to the customer which include the bundle sales of mobile handsets
                 and equipment and provision of services. In this situation, the Group offers a discount that allows
                 the customer to buy mobile handsets and equipment and pay the cash selling price over contract
                 period after delivery, which is normally over twelve months. The mobile handsets and equipment are
                 delivered to the customer at the inception of the contract and the Group recognises transaction price
                 allocated to the mobile handsets and equipment as revenue. The portion of revenue recognised in
                 excess of cash receipt at the inception of the contract represents a consideration for mobile handsets
                 and equipment transferred which has not yet been due and paid by the customer and will be received
                 by installment over the contract period. The Group’s right to the consideration is conditional on the
                 provision of service over the contract period.

          –      Business solution projects

                 Business solution project is one of the businesses of enterprise solutions. The Group’s business
                 solution projects include payment schedules which require stage payments over the project period
                 once milestones are reached. This gives rise to contract assets when the revenue recognised on the
                 project exceeds the amount billed to customers.
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025        239




                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


20 CONTRACT ASSETS AND CONTRACT LIABILITIES (Continued)
(b) Contract liabilities

                                                                                      2025               2024
                                                                                  $ million           $ million

        Billings in advance of performance
        – Business solution projects                                                     15                249
        – Other telecommunications services                                             211                197
                                                                                       226                 446
        Represented by:
        Non-current portion                                                              1                   1
        Current portion                                                                225                 445
                                                                                       226                 446

    Typical payment terms which impact on the amount of contract liabilities recognised are as follows:

    –       Business solution projects

            The Group’s certain business solution projects include payment schedules which require advance
            payments from customers for the projects. This gives rise to contract liabilities when the amount of
            the payment made by customer exceeds the revenue recognised on the project.

    –       Other telecommunications services

            The Group’s telecommunications services normally include payment schedules which require advance
            payments from customers for the services. This gives rises to contract liabilities until revenue
            recognised on the services are provided.

    Revenue which was included in the contract liabilities balance at the beginning of the year amounting to
    $439,000,000 (2024: $171,000,000), was recognised during the year ended 31 December 2025.
240   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      21 TRADE AND OTHER RECEIVABLES
                                                                                            2025                2024
                                                                                        $ million            $ million

           Trade debtors and bills receivable                                              1,004                  999
           Less: loss allowance                                                             (141)                 (87)
                                                                                             863                  912
           Prepayments                                                                       187                  392
           Other receivables and deposits                                                    183                  284
                                                                                           1,233                1,588
           Represented by:
           Non-current portion                                                                81                  112
           Current portion                                                                 1,152                1,476
                                                                                           1,233                1,588

          The carrying amount of trade debtors and bills receivable, and other receivables and deposits is considered
          to be the same as its fair value.

          As at 31 December 2025, an advance payment for the acquisition of the remaining equity interest in a
          subsidiary of RMB62,000,000 (equivalent to approximately $69,000,000) (2024: RMB62,000,000 (equivalent
          to approximately $67,000,000)) (see note 32(a)(ii)) was included in other receivables and deposits.

          Ageing analysis

          At the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade debtors and bills receivable (which are
          included in trade and other receivables) based on the invoice date and net of loss allowance is as follows:

                                                                                            2025                2024
                                                                                        $ million            $ million

           Within 1 year                                                                     853                  895
           Over 1 year                                                                        10                   17
                                                                                             863                  912

          Trade debtors and bills receivable are due within 7 to 180 days from the date of billing. Further details on
          the Group’s credit policy and credit risk arising from trade debtors and bills receivable are set out in note
          29(a).
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025         241




                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


22 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION
(a) Cash and cash equivalents comprise:

                                                                                        2025                2024
                                                                                    $ million            $ million

       Cash at bank and in hand                                                          844                  734
       Time deposits with banks                                                          525                  275
       Other deposits (note 22(d))                                                       576                  602
       Cash and deposits in the consolidated statement of financial
         position (note 22(b))                                                         1,945                1,611
       Less: interest receivable                                                          (4)                   –
       Less: pledged deposits (note 22(c))                                                (2)                  (2)
       Less: other deposits (note 22(d))                                                (576)                (602)
       Cash and cash equivalents in the consolidated cash flow
         statement                                                                     1,363                1,007

      The carrying amount of cash and deposits is considered to be the same as its fair value.

(b)   As at 31 December 2025, cash and deposits situated in Chinese mainland amounted to $145,000,000 (2024:
      $142,000,000). Remittance of funds out of Chinese mainland is subject to relevant rules and regulations of
      foreign exchange control.

(c)   As at 31 December 2025, bank deposits of $2,000,000 (2024: $2,000,000) were pledged to secure parts of
      the banking facilities of the Group.

(d)   As at 31 December 2025, other deposits of $576,000,000 (2024: $602,000,000) were deposited in CITIC
      Finance International Limited, a fellow subsidiary of the Group which is principally engaged in the provision
      of treasury management services. These unsecured cash deposits carry interest at market rates and can be
      withdrawn by the Group on demand or in accordance with the terms of agreement.
242   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      22 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION
         (Continued)
      (e) Reconciliation of profit before taxation to cash generated from operations:

                                                                                 2025       2024
                                                                     Note    $ million   $ million

           Profit before taxation                                               1,128       1,082
           Adjustments for:
             Depreciation and amortisation                           5(b)         683         727
             Valuation loss on investment properties                 10(a)         10           7
             Net loss on disposal of property, plant and equipment   5(e)           1           2
             Share of profit of a joint venture                                     –          (1)
             Finance costs                                           5(d)         152         252
             Interest income                                          4           (38)        (60)
             Foreign exchange loss/(gain)                                           4         (29)
                                                                                1,940       1,980
           Changes in working capital:
             Decrease/(increase) in inventories                                   277        (318)
             Decrease in contract costs                                             1           3
             Decrease/(increase) in trade and other receivables                   353         (95)
             Decrease in finance lease receivables                                  2           6
             (Increase)/decrease in contract assets                               (18)          1
             Increase/(decrease) in trade and other payables                       95         (48)
             (Decrease)/increase in contract liabilities                         (220)        262
             Increase/(decrease) in defined benefit plan
                obligations, net                                                    4          (3)
           Cash generated from operations                                       2,434       1,788
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025         243




                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


22 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION
   (Continued)
(f)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities

      The table below details changes in the Group’s liabilities from financing activities, including both cash and
      non-cash changes. Liabilities arising from financing activities are liabilities for which cash flows were, or
      future cash flows will be, classified in the Group’s consolidated cash flow statement as cash flows from
      financing activities.

                                                          Bank and other               Lease
                                                             borrowings            liabilities             Total
                                                                $ million           $ million           $ million
                                                                (note 24)           (note 25)

       As at 1 January 2025                                        3,907                 324                4,231
       Changes from financing cash flows:
       Proceeds from new bank and other loans                      5,649                    –               5,649
       Payment for redemption of bonds                            (3,490)                   –              (3,490)
       Repayment of bank and other loans                          (2,750)                   –              (2,750)
       Capital element of lease rentals paid                           –                 (106)               (106)
       Interest element of lease rentals paid                          –                  (15)                (15)
       Payment for transaction costs on bank loans                    (6)                   –                  (6)
       Other borrowing costs paid                                   (198)                   –                (198)
       Total changes from financing cash flows                      (795)               (121)                (916)
       Exchange adjustments                                             5                   7                  12
       Other changes:
       Increase in lease liabilities from entering into
         new leases during the year                                    –                   76                 76
       Surrenders of leases                                            –                   (1)                (1)
       Interest on lease liabilities (note 5(d))                       –                   15                 15
       Interest expenses and other finance charges                   140                    –                140
       Total other changes                                           140                   90                230
       As at 31 December 2025                                      3,257                 300                3,557
244   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      22 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND OTHER CASH FLOW INFORMATION
         (Continued)
      (f)   Reconciliation of liabilities arising from financing activities (Continued)

                                                                Bank and other            Lease
                                                                   borrowings          liabilities           Total
                                                                       $ million        $ million         $ million
                                                                      (note 24)        (note 25)

             As at 1 January 2024                                         3,934              340             4,274
             Changes from financing cash flows:
             Proceeds from new bank and other loans                         341                 –              341
             Repayment of bank and other loans                             (342)                –             (342)
             Capital element of lease rentals paid                            –             (125)             (125)
             Interest element of lease rentals paid                           –               (15)              (15)
             Other borrowing costs paid                                    (233)                –             (233)
             Total changes from financing cash flows                       (234)            (140)             (374)
             Exchange adjustments                                           (29)               (9)             (38)
             Other changes:
             Increase in lease liabilities from entering into
               new leases during the year                                     –              118               118
             Interest on lease liabilities (note 5(d))                        –               15                15
             Interest expenses and other finance charges                    236                –               236
             Total other changes                                            236              133               369
             As at 31 December 2024                                       3,907              324             4,231

      (g) Total cash outflow for leases

            Amounts included in the consolidated cash flow statement for leases comprise the following:

                                                                                           2025              2024
                                                                                       $ million          $ million

             Within operating cash flows                                                     133               107
             Within financing cash flows                                                     121               140
                                                                                             254               247

            These amounts above relate to lease rentals paid.
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025        245




                                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


23 TRADE AND OTHER PAYABLES
                                                                                   2025                2024
                                                                               $ million            $ million

   Trade creditors                                                                   846                 843
   Other payables and accruals                                                       860                 763
                                                                                   1,706               1,606
   Represented by:
   Non-current portion                                                                15                  15
   Current portion                                                                 1,691               1,591
                                                                                   1,706               1,606

  The carrying amount of trade and other payables is considered to be the same as its fair value.

  At the end of the reporting period, the ageing analysis of trade creditors (which are included in trade and
  other payables) based on the invoice date is as follows:

                                                                                   2025                2024
                                                                               $ million            $ million

   Within 1 year                                                                     722                 715
   Over 1 year                                                                       124                 128
                                                                                     846                 843
246   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      24 BANK AND OTHER BORROWINGS
                                                                                               2025                2024
                                                                                           $ million            $ million

             Bank and other loans                                                              3,251                 346
             Guaranteed bonds at 6.1% due 2025 (note 24(b))                                        –               3,492
                                                                                               3,251               3,838
             Interest payable                                                                      6                  69
                                                                                               3,257               3,907

            At the end of the reporting period, bank and other borrowings are unsecured and repayable as follows:

                                                                                               2025                2024
                                                                                           $ million            $ million

             Within 1 year or on demand                                                        1,206               3,561
             After 1 year but within 2 years                                                     354                   –
             After 2 years but within 5 years                                                  1,697                 346
                                                                                               2,051                 346
                                                                                               3,257               3,907

            All of the non-current bank and other borrowings are carried at amortised cost. None of the non-current
            bank and other borrowings is expected to be settled within one year.

      (a)   Certain of the Group’s banking facilities are subject to the fulfilment of covenants relating to certain of the
            Group’s statement of financial position and financial performance ratios (including ratios for consolidated
            borrowings to net worth, consolidated total liabilities over consolidated total assets, and earnings before
            interest, taxes, depreciation and amortisation (“EBITDA”) over gross interest expenses), as are commonly
            found in lending arrangements with financial institutions. If the Group were to breach the covenants or in
            any case of an event of default, the drawn down facilities would become payable on demand. The Group
            regularly monitors its compliance with these covenants. As at 31 December 2025 and 2024, the Group was
            in compliance with the relevant requirements.

      (b)   On 5 March 2013, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company issued US$450,000,000 (equivalent
            to approximately $3,493,000,000) bonds with a maturity of twelve years due on 5 March 2025 (the
            “Guaranteed Bonds”). The Guaranteed Bonds were unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the
            Company.

            The Guaranteed Bonds were issued at 100% of the aggregate principal amount, denominated in USD and
            bore interest at 6.1% per annum payable semi-annually in arrears. The Guaranteed Bonds would become
            repayable on demand in case of an event of default.

            The Guaranteed Bonds were fully redeemed on the maturity date of 5 March 2025.
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025         247




                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


25 LEASE LIABILITIES
   The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities of the Group’s lease liabilities:

                                                            2025                              2024
                                               Present value                     Present value
                                                 of the lease      Total lease    of the lease        Total lease
                                                   payments         payments        payments           payments
                                                    $ million        $ million        $ million         $ million

    Within 1 year                                         92              106               88               108
    After 1 year but within 2 years                       71               80               68                78
    After 2 years but within 5 years                     118              128              129               143
    After 5 years                                         19               20               39                38
                                                         208              228              236               259
                                                         300              334              324               367
    Less: total future interest expenses                                  (34)                               (43)
    Present value of lease liabilities                                    300                                324

   Except for lease covenants mainly related to the maintenance and use of the leased assets that are
   commonly found in lease arrangements, there are no other covenants or restrictions imposed by the lease
   agreements. The leased assets may not be used as security for borrowing purposes.
248   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      26 POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS
          The Group operates a MPF scheme for the employees employed under the Hong Kong Employment
          Ordinance who are also entitled to long service payment if the eligibility criteria are met. In addition, a
          subsidiary of the Company, CTM, operates a retirement plan, which is registered with AMCM and is under
          the management of Macau Pension Fund Management Co. Ltd. (see note 26(c)).

          LSP and the Fund are defined benefit plans. The analysis of the carrying amount of defined benefit plan
          (assets)/obligations is as follows:

                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                      $ million            $ million

           Long service payment liabilities (note 26(b))                                      9                   7
           The Fund (assets)/liabilities (note 26(c))                                       (13)                 26
                                                                                             (4)                 33
           Represented by:
           Defined benefit plan assets                                                      (13)                  –
           Defined benefit plan obligations                                                   9                  33
                                                                                             (4)                 33

      (a) Defined contribution retirement plans

          The Group operates a MPF scheme under the Hong Kong Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance
          for employees employed under the jurisdiction of the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance. The MPF
          scheme is a defined contribution retirement plan administered by independent trustees. Under the MPF
          scheme, the employer and its employees are each required to make contributions to the plan at 5% of the
          employees’ relevant income, subject to a cap of monthly relevant income of $30,000. Contributions to the
          plan vest immediately, there is no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group to reduce the
          existing level of contribution.

          CTM also operates the defined contribution fund (“Defined Contribution Fund”) which was set up under
          the terms of Decree Law 6/99/M and registered with AMCM. The Defined Contribution Fund is for all full
          time Macau employees who joined CTM after 1 May 2002. The Defined Contribution Fund is under the
          management of Macau Pension Fund Management Co. Ltd.. The employees and CTM are each required
          to make contributions to the Defined Contribution Fund at 5% of the employee’s relevant income.
          Contributions to the Defined Contribution Fund vest immediately.

          Employees employed by the Group outside Hong Kong and Macau are covered by the appropriate local
          defined contribution schemes pursuant to the local labour rules and regulations.
                                                                                            ANNUAL REPORT 2025          249




                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


26 POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS (Continued)
(b) Long service payment liabilities

      Hong Kong employees that have been employed continuously for at least five years are entitled to long
      service payments in accordance with the Hong Kong Employment Ordinance under certain circumstances.
      These circumstances include where an employee is dismissed for reasons other than serious misconduct or
      redundancy, that employee resigns at the age of 65 or above, or the employment contract is of fixed term
      and expires without renewal. The amount of LSP payable is determined with reference to the employee’s
      final salary (capped at $22,500) and the years of service, reduced by the amount of any accrued benefits
      derived from the Group’s contributions to MPF scheme (see note 26(a)), with an overall cap of $390,000
      per employee. Currently, the Group does not have any separate funding arrangement in place to meet its
      LSP obligation.

      Starting from 1 May 2025, the Hong Kong Employment and Retirement Schemes Legislation (Offsetting
      Arrangement) (Amendment) Ordinance 2022 (the “2022 Amendment Ordinance”) came into effect, which
      abolishes the statutory right of an employer to reduce its LSP payable to a Hong Kong employee by drawing
      on its mandatory contributions to the MPF scheme. Separately, a 25-year scheme to provide a subsidy
      (“Subsidy”) for employers’ costs in relation to the post-transition portion of the LSP has been implemented
      with effect on 1 May 2025 (the “Transition Date”).

      Among other things, upon the abolition of the offsetting mechanism takes effect, an employer can no
      longer use any of the accrued benefits derived from its mandatory MPF contributions (irrespective of the
      contributions made before, on or after the Transition Date) to reduce the LSP in respect of an employee’s
      service from the Transition Date. However, where an employee’s employment commenced before the
      Transition Date, the employer can continue to use the above accrued benefits to reduce the LSP in respect
      of the employee’s service up to that date; in addition, the LSP in respect of the service before the Transition
      Date will be calculated based on the employee’s monthly salary immediately before the Transition Date and
      the years of service up to that date.

      The Group has accounted for the offsetting mechanism and its abolition as disclosed in note 1(w)(ii). The
      Group was granted the Subsidy of less than $1,000,000 during the year ended 31 December 2025.

(c)   The Fund (assets)/liabilities

      A subsidiary of the Company, CTM, makes contributions to a defined benefit retirement plan, CTM Staff
      Provident Fund. The Fund was established on 1 January 2003. The members of the Fund are all the
      employees who were members of the original staff provident fund. No new members joined the Fund
      after 1 May 2002. The members are required to make contributions to the Fund at 5% of their relevant
      income. CTM is required to make contributions to the Fund in accordance with an independent actuary’s
      recommendation based on periodic actuarial valuations. CTM is also obliged to make any extraordinary
      contributions which may be deemed necessary by Macau Pension Fund Management Co. Ltd. when
      there are insufficient assets in the Fund to meet the liabilities of the Fund or when such insufficiency
      is anticipated. Upon retirement or resignation, each member is entitled to receive a lump sum payment
      calculated on the basis of a multiplying factor ranging from 0.6 to 2 times the final monthly salary and the
      number of service year that the member has served with CTM.

      The latest independent actuarial valuation of the Fund was as at 31 December 2025 and was prepared by
      qualified staff of Willis Towers Watson, who are members of the Society of Actuaries of the United States
      of America, using the projected unit credit method. The actuarial valuation indicates that CTM’s obligation
      under the Fund is 106% (2024: 91%) covered by the plan assets held by the trustees as at 31 December
      2025. The Fund exposes the Group to actuarial risks, such as longevity risk, currency risk, interest rate risk,
      and market (investment) risk.
250   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      26 POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS (Continued)
      (c)   The Fund (assets)/liabilities (Continued)

            (i)    The amounts recognised in the consolidated statement of financial position are as follows:

                                                                                               2025                2024
                                                                                           $ million            $ million

                       Present value of plan obligations                                         229                 291
                       Fair value of plan assets                                                (242)               (265)
                                                                                                 (13)                 26

                   A portion of the above liability is expected to be settled after more than one year. However, it is not
                   practicable to segregate this amount from the amounts payable in the next twelve months, as future
                   contributions will also relate to future services rendered and future changes in actuarial assumptions
                   and market conditions. The Group expects to pay $4,000,000 in contributions to the Fund in 2026.

            (ii)   Plan assets consist of the following:

                                                                                               2025                2024
                                                                                           $ million            $ million

                       Cash and money market                                                      12                  12
                       Bonds
                       – Government bonds                                                         67                  47
                       – Corporate bonds                                                          72                  69
                                                                                                139                  116
                       Equity securities
                       – Asia                                                                      8                  16
                       – North America                                                            76                 114
                       – Europe                                                                    4                   5
                       – Other areas                                                               3                   2
                                                                                                  91                 137
                                                                                                242                  265

                   All of the equity securities and bonds have quoted prices in active markets. The bonds have a credit
                   rating of A – to AAA.

                   At the end of each reporting period, a study is performed by the Fund’s asset manager in which the
                   consequences of the strategic investment policies are analysed. The strategic investment policy of the
                   Fund can be summarised as follows:

                   –       a strategic assets mix comprising 37% equity securities, 58% bonds and 5% other investments
                           (2024:51% equity securities, 44% bonds and 5% other investments);

                   –       interest rate risk is managed by duration limitation; and

                   –       foreign currency risk is managed by allocation guideline.
                                                                                             ANNUAL REPORT 2025          251




                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


26 POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS (Continued)
(c)   The Fund (assets)/liabilities (Continued)

      (iii)   Movements in the present value of the defined benefit obligation

                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                      $ million            $ million

               As at 1 January                                                              291                   300
               Remeasurements:
               – Experience adjustments                                                       1                    (2)
               – Actuarial (gains)/losses arising from changes
                   in financial assumptions                                                 (13)                    8
                                                                                            (12)                    6
               Benefits paid by the Fund                                                    (62)                  (31)
               Employees’ contributions                                                       2                     3
               Current service cost                                                           6                     6
               Interest cost                                                                  4                     7
               As at 31 December                                                            229                   291

              The weighted average duration of the defined benefit asset/obligation is 4 years (2024: 4 years).

      (iv)    Movements in plan assets

                                                                                          2025                2024
                                                                                      $ million            $ million

               As at 1 January                                                              265                   257
               Employer’s and employees’ contributions paid to the Fund                       7                    15
               Benefits paid by the Fund                                                    (62)                  (31)
               Administrative expenses                                                       (1)                   (1)
               Interest income                                                                3                     6
               Return on plan assets, excluding interest income                              29                    18
               Exchange adjustments                                                           1                     1
               As at 31 December                                                            242                   265
252   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      26 POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS (Continued)
      (c)   The Fund (assets)/liabilities (Continued)

            (v)   Amounts recognised in the consolidated income statement and consolidated statement of
                  comprehensive income are as follows:

                                                                                             2025                2024
                                                                                         $ million            $ million

                   Current service cost                                                          6                   6
                   Net interest on net defined benefit assets/obligations                        1                   1
                   Administrative expenses                                                       1                   1
                   Total amounts recognised in profit or loss                                    8                   8
                   Actuarial (gains)/losses                                                    (12)                  6
                   Return on plan assets, excluding interest income                            (29)                (18)
                   Total amounts recognised in other comprehensive income                      (41)                (12)
                   Net defined benefit gain                                                    (33)                 (4)

                  The current service cost and the net interest on net defined benefit assets/obligations are recognised
                  in the following line items in the consolidated income statement:

                                                                                             2025                2024
                                                                                         $ million            $ million

                   Staff costs (note 5(c))                                                       6                   6
                   Other operating expenses                                                      1                   1
                   Finance costs                                                                 1                   1
                                                                                                 8                   8
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025           253




                                                    NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


26 POST-EMPLOYMENT BENEFITS (Continued)
(c)   The Fund (assets)/liabilities (Continued)

      (vi)   Significant actuarial assumptions (expressed as weighted averages) and sensitivity analysis are as
             follows:

                                                                                        2025                 2024

              Discount rate                                                             2.6%                 1.3%
              Future salary growth                                                      2.5%                 2.5%

             The below analysis shows how the defined benefit (asset)/obligation as at 31 December 2025 would
             have increased/(decreased) as a result of a 0.25% (2024: 0.25%) change in the respective actuarial
             assumptions:

                                                              2025                              2024
                                                      Defined benefit asset          Defined benefit obligation
                                                       Increase        Decrease         Increase         Decrease
                                                       in 0.25%        in 0.25%        in 0.25%          in 0.25%
                                                      $ million        $ million        $ million         $ million

              Discount rate                                   2               (2)              (3)                3
              Future salary growth                           (2)               2                3                (3)

             The above sensitivity analysis is based on the assumption that changes in actuarial assumptions
             are not correlated and therefore it does not take into account the correlations between the actuarial
             assumptions.
254   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      27 EQUITY-SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS
          The Company has a share option plan (“CITIC Telecom International Plan”) which was adopted on
          17 May 2007 whereby the directors of the Company are authorised, at their discretion, to offer any person
          employed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries and any person who is an officer or director (whether
          executive or non-executive) of the Company or any of its subsidiaries options to subscribe for shares in the
          Company to recognise their contributions to the growth of the Company. The CITIC Telecom International
          Plan was valid and effective for a period of ten years till 16 May 2017. Each option gives the holder the right
          to subscribe for one ordinary share of the Company.

          Particulars of the last lot of outstanding share options granted under the CITIC Telecom International Plan
          to directors, officers and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries lapsed in 2024 with details as
          follows:

                                              Number of                Exercise price
           Date of grant           share options granted                   per share                              Exercise period

           24 March 2017                          45,339,500                 $2.45(Note)      From 24 March 2019 to 23 March 2024

          Note: The closing price of the Company’s ordinary shares on the date of grant was $2.37 per share.


          All options granted under CITIC Telecom International Plan have expired.
                                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025        255




                                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


27 EQUITY-SETTLED SHARE-BASED TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
  The number and weighted average exercise prices of the last lot of outstanding share
  options are as follows:

                                                       2025                            2024
                                               Weighted                        Weighted
                                                average                         average
                                                exercise        Number          exercise         Number
                                                   price      of options           price       of options

   Outstanding at the beginning of the year            –               –           $2.45       3,799,500
   Exercised during the year (note 28(c))              –               –           $2.45        (856,000)
   Lapsed during the year                              –               –           $2.45      (2,943,500)
   Outstanding at the end of the year                  –               –               –               –
   Exercisable at the end of the year                  –               –               –               –

  During the year ended 31 December 2024, options for 856,000 shares were exercised, options for
  2,943,500 shares have lapsed and no option has been cancelled. The value of vested options lapsed during
  the year ended 31 December 2024 was $2,000,000.

  The weighted average closing price at the date of exercise of share options exercised during the year
  ended 31 December 2024 was $2.87. There was no option outstanding as at 31 December 2024.

  During the year ended 31 December 2024, the proceeds from new shares issued under share option plan
  was $2,000,000.
256   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      28 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS
      (a) Movements in components of equity

          The reconciliation between the opening and closing balances of each component of the Group’s
          consolidated equity is set out in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Details of the changes in
          the Company’s individual components of equity between the beginning and the end of the year are set out
          below:

          The Company

                                                                    Share      Capital    Hedging      Retained
                                                                   capital     reserve      reserve      profits      Total
                                                      Note       $ million   $ million    $ million    $ million   $ million

           Balance as at 1 January 2024                             4,756          58             –       4,013       8,827
           Changes in equity for 2024:
           Total comprehensive income for the year                      –           –            6        1,075       1,081
           Shares issued under share option plan        27              2           –            –            –           2
           Dividends approved in respect of
             the previous financial year             28(b)(ii)          –            –            –        (714)       (714)
           Release upon lapse of share options         27               –           (2)           –           2           –
           Dividends declared in respect of
             the current financial year              28(b)(i)           –            –            –        (222)       (222)
           Balance as at 31 December 2024 and
             1 January 2025                                         4,758          56            6        4,154       8,974
           Changes in equity for 2025:
           Total comprehensive income for the year                      –           –            (6)      1,032       1,026
           Dividends approved in respect of
             the previous financial year             28(b)(ii)          –           –             –        (474)       (474)
           Dividends declared in respect of
             the current financial year              28(b)(i)           –           –             –        (222)       (222)
           Balance as at 31 December 2025                           4,758          56             –       4,490       9,304
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025         257




                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


28 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)
(b) Dividends

   (i)     Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the year

                                                                                           2025             2024
                                                                                       $ million         $ million

            Interim dividend declared and paid of HK6.0 cents
              (2024: HK6.0 cents) per share                                                  222              222
            Final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period of
              HK13.0 cents (2024: HK12.8 cents) per share                                    481              474
                                                                                             703              696

           The final dividend proposed after the end of the reporting period has not been recognised as a liability
           at the end of the reporting period.

    (ii)   Dividends payable to equity shareholders of the Company attributable to the previous financial year,
           approved and paid during the year

                                                                                           2025             2024
                                                                                       $ million         $ million

            Final dividend in respect of the previous financial year, approved
              and paid during the year, of HK12.8 cents (2024: HK19.3 cents)
              per share                                                                       474             714
258   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      28 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)
      (c)   Share capital

                                                                                            2025                                 2024
                                                                                No. of shares          Amount        No. of shares           Amount
                                                                     Note                             $ million                              $ million
              Ordinary shares, issued and fully paid:
              As at 1 January                                         (i)       3,700,891,382             4,758     3,700,035,382               4,756
              Shares issued under share option plan                   (ii)                  –                 –           856,000                   2
              As at 31 December                                       (i)       3,700,891,382             4,758     3,700,891,382               4,758

            Notes:

            (i)      The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to receive dividends as declared from time to time and every member shall have one
                     vote per share on a poll at general meetings of the Company. All ordinary shares rank equally with regard to the Company’s residual
                     assets.

            (ii)     During the year ended 31 December 2025, no share was issued by the Company (2024: 856,000 ordinary shares were issued at a
                     weighted average exercise price of $2.45 per ordinary share to share option holders who had exercised their options. These new
                     shares issued rank equally with the then existing ordinary shares in issue).

      (d) Nature and purpose of reserves

            (i)      Capital reserve

                     The capital reserve represents the portion of the grant date fair value of unexercised share options
                     granted to directors or employees of the Group under the Company’s share option plan that has been
                     recognised in accordance with the accounting policies adopted for share-based payments set out in
                     note 1(w)(iii).

            (ii)     Exchange reserve

                     The exchange reserve comprises all foreign exchange differences arising from the translation of the
                     financial statements of operations outside Hong Kong as well as the effective portion of any foreign
                     exchange differences arising from hedges of the net investment in these foreign operations. The
                     reserve is dealt with in accordance with the accounting policies set out in notes 1(h)(ii) and 1(aa).

            (iii)    Property revaluation reserve

                     The property revaluation reserve represents the surplus on revaluation of owner-occupied property
                     upon change of use to investment property and is dealt with in accordance with the accounting
                     policies adopted for owner-occupied property in note 1(j).

            (iv)     Hedging reserve

                     The hedging reserve comprises the effective portion of the cumulative net change in the fair value of
                     hedging instruments used in hedge of net investments in foreign operations and cash flow hedges
                     pending subsequent recognition of the hedged cash flow in accordance with the accounting policy
                     adopted for hedging in note 1(h).

      (e) Distributability of reserves

            As at 31 December 2025, the aggregate amount of reserves available for distribution to equity shareholders
            of the Company, as calculated under the provisions of Part 6 of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, was
            $4,490,000,000 (2024: $4,154,000,000). After the end of the reporting period, the directors proposed a final
            dividend of HK13.0 cents (2024: HK12.8 cents) per share, amounting to $481,000,000 (2024: $474,000,000).
            This dividend has not been recognised as a liability at the end of the reporting period.
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025         259




                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


28 CAPITAL, RESERVES AND DIVIDENDS (Continued)
(f)   Capital management

      The Group’s primary objective on capital management is to safeguard the Group’s ability to continue as a
      going concern, while at the same time continues to provide returns for shareholders.

      The Group regularly reviews its capital structure to maintain a balance between the enhancement of
      shareholders’ returns that might be possible with higher levels of borrowings and the advantages and
      security afforded by a sound capital position. Adjustments are made to the capital structure as necessary in
      response to changes in economic conditions.

      The capital structure of the Group consists of its total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the
      Company, comprising share capital and reserves as disclosed in the consolidated financial statements. The
      Group’s net gearing ratio is calculated as net debt divided by total capital. Net debt is calculated as total
      debt (which includes current and non-current bank and other borrowings), less cash and deposits. Total
      capital is total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company, as shown in the consolidated
      statement of financial position, plus net debt.

      The Group’s net gearing ratio as at 31 December 2025 and 2024 is as follows:

                                                                                        2025                2024
                                                                                    $ million            $ million

       Total debt                                                                       3,257               3,907
       Less: Cash and deposits                                                         (1,945)             (1,611)
       Net debt                                                                        1,312                2,296
       Total equity attributable to equity shareholders of the Company                11,023               10,717
       Total capital                                                                  12,335               13,013
       Net gearing ratio                                                                 11%                 18%

      Neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries are subject to any externally imposed capital requirements.
260   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
         INSTRUMENTS
          Exposure to credit, liquidity, interest rate and currency risks arises in the normal course of the Group’s
          business.

          The Group’s exposure to these risks and the financial risk management policies and practices used by the
          Group to manage these risks are described below.

      (a) Credit risk

          Credit risk refers to the risk that a counterparty will default on its contractual obligations resulting in a
          financial loss to the Group. The Group’s credit risk is primarily attributable to trade debtors and contract
          assets. The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from other receivables and deposits are considered to be
          low as the counterparty has capacity to meet its contractual cash flow obligation. Therefore, applying the
          expected credit risk model resulted in an immaterial impact on the loss allowances for other receivables
          and deposits.

          The Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from cash and deposits and bills receivable is limited because
          the Group mainly deals with financial institutions which have good credit ratings with prestigious credit
          ratings companies (such as Moody’s Investors Service, Standard & Poor’s and Fitch Group), or the note-
          issuing banks in Hong Kong and Macau, or its group companies, and the Group has a pre-defined policy and
          regular review on the rest of the cash portfolio, therefore, it is considered that the Group is exposed to a
          low credit risk in this respect.

          The Group applies a simplified approach to recognise lifetime ECL for finance lease receivables. Given the
          track record of regular cash flow received by the Group, the directors are of the opinion that the risk of
          default by these counterparties is not significant and does not expect any losses from non-performance by
          the counterparties. Therefore, the credit risk of finance lease receivables is assessed to be immaterial and
          no ECL was made as at 31 December 2025 and 2024.

          Other than those disclosed in note 31, the Group does not provide any other guarantees which would
          expose the Group to credit risk. The maximum exposure to credit risk in respect of those financial
          guarantees at the end of the reporting period is disclosed in the note 31.
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025          261




                                                 NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
(a) Credit risk (Continued)

    Trade debtors and contract assets

    The Group’s exposure to credit risk is influenced mainly by the individual characteristics of each customer
    rather than the industry or country in which the customers operate and therefore significant concentrations
    of credit risk primarily arise when the Group has significant exposure to individual customers. At the end of
    the reporting period, 17.1% (2024: 20.3%) of the total trade debtors and contract assets was due from the
    Group’s five largest debtors.

    Individual credit evaluations are performed on all customers requiring credit over a certain amount. These
    evaluations focus on the customer’s past history of making payments when due and current ability to
    pay, and take into account information specific to the customer as well as pertaining to the economic
    environment in which the customer operates. Trade debtors are due within 7 to 180 days from the date of
    billing. Normally, the Group does not obtain collateral from customers.

    The Group measures loss allowances for trade debtors and contract assets at an amount equal to lifetime
    ECLs, which is calculated using a provision matrix. The loss allowance based on past due status is further
    distinguished between the Group’s different customer bases.

    The following table provides information about the Group’s exposure to credit risk and ECLs for trade
    debtors and contract assets:

    Trade debtors

                                                  2025                                     2024
                                                     Gross                                    Gross
                                    Expected       carrying        Loss      Expected       carrying         Loss
                                    loss rate      amount     allowance       loss rate      amount     allowance
                                                  $ million    $ million                    $ million     $ million
     Current (not past due)              0.4%          506           (2)        0.3%            545             (2)
     1 – 90 days past due                2.5%          289           (7)        3.5%            285             (9)
     91 – 180 days past due             24.0%           39           (9)       22.5%             53            (12)
     181 – 365 days past due            58.1%           50          (29)       39.2%             60            (24)
     More than 365 days past due        90.7%          103          (94)       71.2%             56            (40)
                                                       987         (141)                        999            (87)

    Contract assets

                                                  2025                                     2024
                                                     Gross                                    Gross
                                    Expected       carrying        Loss      Expected       carrying         Loss
                                    loss rate      amount     allowance       loss rate      amount     allowance
                                                  $ million    $ million                    $ million     $ million
     Current (not past due)             8.3%           311          (25)         0.0%           268              –

    The various Group companies have different credit policies, depending on the requirements of their
    markets and the businesses in which they operate. Analyses of the age of debtors are prepared and closely
    monitored with a view to minimising credit risk associated with receivables.

    Expected loss rates are based on the corresponding historical losses experience up to 3 years. These rates
    are adjusted to reflect differences between economic conditions during the period over which the historic
    data has been collected, current conditions and the Group’s view of economic conditions over the expected
    lives of the receivables.
262   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
         INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (a) Credit risk (Continued)

          Movement in the loss allowance account in respect of trade debtors and contract assets during the year is
          as follows:

                                                                                                                                          2025                                 2024
                                                                                                                                      $ million                             $ million

           Balance as at 1 January                                                                                                                 87                              45
           Amounts written off                                                                                                                     (3)                             (6)
           Impairment losses recognised (note 5(e))                                                                                                82                              48
           Balance as at 31 December                                                                                                              166                              87

      (b) Liquidity risk

          Individual business units within the Group are responsible for their own cash management, including
          the short term investment of cash surpluses. The raising of loans to cover their expected cash demands
          must be approved by the finance committee (with certain predetermined levels of authority) or the board
          of directors of the Company. The Group’s policy is to regularly monitor current and expected liquidity
          requirements and its compliance with lending covenants, to ensure that it maintains sufficient reserves of
          cash and adequate committed bank and other loan facilities to meet its liquidity requirements in the short
          and longer term.

          The following table shows the remaining contractual maturities at the end of the reporting period of the
          Group’s financial liabilities, which is based on contractual undiscounted cash flows (including interest
          payments computed using contractual rates or, if floating, based on rates current at the end of the reporting
          period) and the earliest date the Group can be required to pay:

                                                                          2025                                                                    2024
                                                  Contractual undiscounted cash outflow                                   Contractual undiscounted cash outflow

                                                  More than More than                   Total    Carrying                More than More than                         Total    Carrying
                                          Within 1 year but 2 years but           contractual     amount         Within 1 year but 2 years but                 contractual     amount
                                        1 year or less than less than More than undiscounted        as at      1 year or less than less than       More than undiscounted        as at
                                      on demand 2 years         5 years 5 years cash outflow 31 December     on demand 2 years         5 years       5 years cash outflow 31 December
                                        $ million $ million $ million $ million     $ million    $ million     $ million $ million $ million        $ million     $ million   $ million

           Trade and other payables       1,691          –            –           15      1,706      1,706       1,584          –             –            15       1,599         1,599
           Bank and other
             borrowings                   1,209          –            –            –      1,209      1,206       3,600          –             –             –       3,600         3,561
           Lease liabilities                106         80          128           20        334        300         108         78           143            38         367           324
           Non-current bank and
             other borrowings                71        425        1,711            –      2,207      2,051          10         10           355             –         375           346
                                          3,077        505        1,839           35      5,456      5,263       5,302         88           498            53       5,941         5,830
                                                                                                                                                    ANNUAL REPORT 2025                          263




                                                                               NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
(b) Liquidity risk (Continued)

                                                                   2025                                                                             2024
                                      Contractual undiscounted cash inflow/(outflow)                                  Contractual undiscounted cash inflow/(outflow)

                                                 More than       More than                            Total                     More than        More than                             Total
                                      Within     1 year but     2 years but                     contractual        Within       1 year but      2 years but                      contractual
                                    1 year or     less than       less than      More than    undiscounted       1 year or       less than        less than       More than    undiscounted
                                  on demand          2 years         5 years        5 years   cash outflow     on demand           2 years          5 years         5 years    cash outflow
                                    $ million      $ million       $ million      $ million       $ million      $ million        $ million        $ million       $ million        $ million

     Derivative settled gross:
     Gross contractual amounts
       payable
     – Forward foreign exchange
         contracts                          –             –               –               –              –         (3,412)               –                –               –           (3,412)
     – Cross currency swap                (12)         (369)              –               –           (381)            (11)            (11)            (353)              –             (375)
                                          (12)         (369)              –               –           (381)        (3,423)             (11)            (353)              –           (3,787)
     Gross contractual amounts
       receivable
     – Forward foreign exchange
         contracts                         –              –               –               –              –          3,416                –                –               –            3,416
     – Cross currency swap                10            364               –               –            374             10               10              355               –              375
                                          10            364               –               –            374          3,426               10              355               –            3,791
     Net receivable/(payable)              (2)           (5)              –               –              (7)            3               (1)                2              –                4
264   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
         INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (c)   Interest rate risk

            Interest rate risk is the risk that the fair value or future cash flows of a financial instrument will fluctuate
            because of changes in market interest rates. The Group’s interest rate risk arises primarily from long-term
            borrowings. Borrowings issued at variable rates and fixed rates expose the Group to cash flow interest
            rate risk and fair value interest rate risk respectively. The Group manages its interest rate risk exposures in
            accordance with defined policies and regular review to achieve a balance between minimising the Group’s
            overall cost of fund and managing significant interest rate movements, as well as having regard to the
            floating/fixed rate mix appropriate to its current business portfolio. The Group’s interest rate risk profile as
            monitored by management is set out in (i) below.

            (i)   Interest rate risk profile

                  The following table details the interest rate risk profile of the Group’s borrowings, excluding interest
                  payable and taking the effect of cross currency swap arrangement, at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                            2025                                     2024
                                                                    Effective                                Effective
                                                                interest rate                            interest rate
                                                                                        $ million                                $ million

                   Fixed rate borrowings:
                   Guaranteed bonds                                                              –                                   3,492
                   Bank and other loans (note)                                                 354                                     346
                                                                                               354                                   3,838
                   Cross currency swap
                     arrangement (note)                                                           4                                      (3)
                                                                         3.3%                  358               5.8%                3,835
                   Variable rate borrowings:
                   Bank and other loans                                  3.6%                2,897                    –                   –
                   Exposure                                              3.6%                2,897                    –                   –
                   Total borrowings                                      3.6%                3,255               5.8%                3,835
                   Fixed rate borrowings as a
                     percentage of total borrowings,
                     after taking the effect of cross
                     currency swap arrangement                                              11.0%                                 100.0%

                  Note: The Group entered into fixed-to-fixed cross currency swap during the year ended 31 December 2024 to eliminate foreign
                        exchange risk associated with the retranslation of part of the net investment in Singapore subsidiaries.
                                                                                              ANNUAL REPORT 2025         265




                                                     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
(c)   Interest rate risk (Continued)

      (ii)   Sensitivity analysis

             As at 31 December 2025, it is estimated that a general increase/decrease of 50 basis points in interest
             rates, with all other variables held constant, would have decreased/increased the Group’s profit for
             the year and retained profits by approximately $14,000,000. Other components of consolidated equity
             would not be affected by the changes in interest rates.

             The sensitivity analysis above indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit for the year and
             retained profits that would arise assuming that the change in interest rates had occurred at the end
             of the reporting period. In respect of the exposure to cash flow interest rate risk arising from floating
             rate non-derivative instruments held by the Group at the end of the reporting period, the impact on
             the Group’s profit for the year and retained profits is estimated as an annualised impact on interest
             expenses of such a change in interest rates.

             No sensitivity analysis is presented for 2024 as there were no variable rate borrowings as at 31
             December 2024.

(d) Currency risk

      The Group is exposed to currency risk primarily through sales and purchases which give rise to receivables,
      payables and cash and deposits that are denominated in a foreign currency, i.e. a currency other than
      the functional currency of the operations to which the transactions relate. The major places of operating
      companies within the Group are located in Hong Kong and Macau, whose functional currency is either HKD
      or MOP.

      A substantial portion of the Group’s revenue and cost of sales and services are denominated in USD, MOP,
      HKD, RMB and SGD. The majority of the Group’s current assets, current liabilities and transactions are
      denominated in USD, MOP, HKD, RMB and SGD. As the HKD is linked to the USD and the MOP is pegged
      to the HKD, it will not pose significant currency risk between HKD, USD and MOP to the Group. The
      Group measures its currency risk mainly by performing currency gap analysis. The Group seeks to reduce
      its currency risk by matching its foreign currency denominated assets with the corresponding liabilities of
      the same currency or by using forward contracts, cross currency swaps and other derivative instruments
      where appropriate, provided that hedging is only considered when there is a highly probable forecasted
      transaction.

      The Group manages this risk as follows:

      (i)    Hedges of foreign currency risk in forecast transaction

             As at 31 December 2024, the Group hedged around 98% of its estimated foreign currency exposure
             in respect of highly probable forecast bond redemption.

             The Group uses forward exchange contracts to manage its currency risk until the maturity date of
             the foreign currency bond redemption. The Group designates those forward exchange contracts as
             hedging instruments in cash flow hedges and does not separate the forward and spot element of a
             forward exchange contract but instead designates the forward exchange contract in its entirety in a
             hedging relationship. Correspondingly, the hedged item is measured based on the forward exchange
             rate.
266   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
         INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (d) Currency risk (Continued)

          (i)    Hedges of foreign currency risk in forecast transaction (Continued)

                 The Group applies a hedge ratio of 1:1 and determines the existence of an economic relationship
                 between the forward exchange contracts and the highly probable forecast transactions based on their
                 currency amounts and the timing of their respective cash flows.

                 The main sources of ineffectiveness in these hedging relationships are:

                 (i)    the effect of the counterparty’s and the Group’s own credit risk on the fair value of the forward
                        exchange contracts which is not reflected in the change in the value of the hedged cash flows
                        attributable to the forward rate; and

                 (ii)   changes in the timing of the hedged transactions.

                 The following table details the forward exchange contracts that have been designated as cash flow
                 hedges of the Group’s highly probable forecast transactions at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                               2025                                       2024
                                                                        Foreign     Hong Kong                      Foreign       Hong Kong
                                                                       currency          dollar                   currency            dollar
                                                                       $ million      $ million                   $ million        $ million

                   Notional amount
                   – Buy USD                                                     –                    –                 440           3,412

                                                                                                                     2025             2024
                                                                                                                 $ million         $ million

                   Carrying amount (note)
                   – Asset                                                                                                  –             2

                 Note: Forward exchange contract assets are included in the “Derivative financial instruments” (note 16).


                 As at 31 December 2024, the forward exchange contracts had a maturity of less than one year from
                 the reporting date and had an average exchange rate of 7.7554 between USD and Hong Kong dollar.

                 The effective portion of the cash flow hedge in respect of foreign currency risk recognised in OCI is
                 $6,000,000 during the year ended 31 December 2024.

          (ii)   Recognised assets and liabilities

                 The net fair value of forward exchange contracts used by the Group as economic hedges of monetary
                 assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies as at 31 December 2024 was $2,000,000,
                 recognised as derivative financial instruments.
                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT 2025         267




                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
(d) Currency risk (Continued)

    (iii)   Hedge of net investment in foreign subsidiaries

            A foreign currency exposure arises from the Group’s net investment in its Singaporean subsidiaries
            that have Singapore dollar as its functional currency. The risk arises from the fluctuation in spot
            exchange rates between the Singapore dollar and the Hong Kong dollar, which causes the carrying
            amount of the net investment to vary. During the year ended 31 December 2024, the Group entered
            into fixed-to-fixed cross currency swap to eliminate foreign exchange risk associated with the
            retranslation of part of the net investment in Singapore subsidiaries. As at 31 December 2025, the
            swap had a RMB320,000,000 (equivalent to approximately $354,000,000) (2024: RMB320,000,000
            (equivalent to approximately $345,000,000)) receive leg, and a SGD59,000,000 (equivalent to
            approximately $358,000,000) (2024: SGD59,000,000 (equivalent to approximately $342,000,000)
            pay leg. The Company’s RMB dollar denominated bank loan together with the cross currency swap
            are designated as hedging instruments for the changes in the value of the net investment that is
            attributable to changes in the HKD/SGD spot rate. The position is reviewed every year.

            The change in the value of cross currency swap of less than $1,000,000 (2024: $4,000,000) has been
            debited in OCI for the year ended 31 December 2025.

    (iv)    Exposure to currency risk

            The following table details the Group’s exposure at the end of the reporting period to currency risk
            arising from recognised assets or liabilities denominated in a currency other than the functional
            currency of the entity to which they relate. For presentation purposes, the amounts of the exposure
            are shown in HKD, translated using the spot rate at the year end date. Differences resulting from the
            translation of the financial statements of foreign operations into the Group’s presentation currency
            and the exposure arising from the bank and other loans that is designated as a hedge of the Group’s
            net investment in its subsidiaries in Singapore (see (iii) above) are excluded.

                                                                             Exposure to foreign currencies
                                                                                  (expressed in HKD)
                                                                                     RMB                  RMB
                                                                                      2025                2024
                                                                                  $ million            $ million

             Trade and other receivables                                                 33                  27
             Cash and deposits                                                           21                  13
             Trade and other payables                                                   (16)                (14)
                                                                                         38                   26
268   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
         INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
      (d) Currency risk (Continued)

          (v)   Sensitivity analysis

                The following table indicates the instantaneous change in the Group’s profit for the year and retained
                profits that would arise if foreign exchange rates to which the Group has significant exposure at
                the end of the reporting period had changed at that date, assuming all other risk variables remained
                constant. Other components of consolidated equity would not be affected (2024: Nil) by the changes
                in the foreign exchange rates.

                                                                  2025                               2024
                                                          Increase/       Effect on          Increase/       Effect on
                                                         (decrease)       profit for       (decrease)        profit for
                                                         in foreign        the year         in foreign        the year
                                                         exchange      and retained         exchange      and retained
                                                              rates          profits             rates          profits
                                                                          $ million                           $ million

                 RMB                                           10%                 3             10%                  2
                                                              (10%)               (3)           (10%)                (2)

                Results of the analysis as presented in the above table represented an aggregation of the
                instantaneous effects on each of the Group’s entities’ profit for the year and equity measured in the
                respective functional currencies, and then translated into HKD at the exchange rate ruling at the end
                of the reporting period for presentation purposes.

                The sensitivity analysis assumes that the change in foreign exchange rates had been applied to
                remeasure those financial instruments held by the Group which expose the Group to foreign currency
                risk at the end of the reporting period, including inter-company payables and receivables within the
                Group which are denominated in a currency other than the functional currencies of the lender or the
                borrower. The analysis excludes differences that would result from the translation of the financial
                statements of foreign operations into the Group’s presentation currency and the bank and other loan
                that is designated as a hedge of the Group’s net investment in its subsidiaries in Singapore (see (iii)
                above). The analysis is performed on the same basis for 2024.
                                                                                           ANNUAL REPORT 2025          269




                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


29 FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT AND FAIR VALUES OF FINANCIAL
   INSTRUMENTS (Continued)
(e) Fair value measurement

   Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value.

   Fair value hierarchy

    The following table presents the fair value of the Group’s derivative financial instruments measured at the
    end of the reporting period on a recurring basis, categorised into the three-level fair value hierarchy as
    defined in HKFRS 13, Fair value measurement . The level into which a fair value measurement is classified
    is determined with reference to the observability and significance of the inputs used in the valuation
    technique as follows:

    –    Level 1 valuations: Fair value measured using only Level 1 inputs i.e. unadjusted quoted prices in
         active markets for identical assets or liabilities at the measurement date

    –    Level 2 valuations: Fair value measured using Level 2 inputs i.e. observable inputs which fail to meet
         Level 1, and not using significant unobservable inputs. Unobservable inputs are inputs for which
         market data are not available

    –    Level 3 valuations: Fair value measured using significant unobservable inputs

                                                                      Fair value                          Fair value
                                                                  measurements                       measurements
                                                                           as at                               as at
                                                                   31 December                        31 December
                                                                            2025                               2024
                                                    Fair value                          Fair value
                                                                    categorised                         categorised
                                                         as at                               as at
                                                                             into                               into
                                                 31 December                        31 December
                                                          2025            Level 2            2024           Level 2
                                                     $ million          $ million        $ million         $ million
          Recurring fair value measurements
          Assets:
          Derivative financial instruments:
            – Cross currency swap                             –                –                2                 2
            – Forward exchange contracts                      –                –                2                 2
          Liability:
          Derivative financial instrument:
            – Cross currency swap                             4                4                –                 –

    During the years ended 31 December 2025 and 2024, there were no transfers between Level 1 and Level 2,
    or transfers into or out of Level 3. The Group’s policy is to recognise transfers between levels of fair value
    hierarchy as at the end of the reporting period in which they occur.

    Valuation techniques and significant inputs used in Level 2 fair value measurements

    The fair value of the cross currency swap is determined based on the amount that the Group would receive
    or pay to terminate the swaps at the end of the reporting period, taking into account current interest rates
    and current creditworthiness of the swap counterparty.

    The fair value of forward exchange contracts in Level 2 is determined by discounting the difference
    between the contractual forward price and the current forward price. The discount rate used is derived from
    the relevant government yield curve as at the end of the reporting period plus an adequate constant credit
    spread.
270   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      30 COMMITMENTS
          Capital commitments outstanding at the end of the reporting period not provided for in the consolidated
          financial statements are as follows:

                                                                                             2025          2024
                                                                                         $ million      $ million

           Contracted for                                                                      39             60
           Authorised but not contracted for                                                   29             58
                                                                                               68            118

      31 PERFORMANCE BONDS
          At the end of the reporting period, performance bonds of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                             2025          2024
                                                                                         $ million      $ million

           Performance bonds provided to customers of business solutions projects              44             66
           Performance bonds provided to others                                                10             12
                                                                                               54             78

          In respect of above, no provision has been made in the consolidated financial statements. As at 31
          December 2025 and 2024, the directors did not consider it probable that a claim will be made against the
          Group under any of the performance bonds. The maximum liability of the Group at the end of the reporting
          period is the total amount guaranteed by the performance bonds of $54,000,000 (2024: $78,000,000).
                                                                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2025         271




                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


32 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
(a) Transactions with affiliates of the Group and its holding company

    (i)   Recurring transactions

                                                                                        2025             2024
                                                                                    $ million         $ million

           Internet data centre services fee received/receivable from fellow
             subsidiaries                                                                  32               26
           Virtual private network services fee received/receivable from fellow
             subsidiaries                                                                  33               28
           Internet access services fee received/receivable from fellow
             subsidiaries                                                                  10               12
           Information security management services fee received/receivable
             from fellow subsidiaries                                                      16                9
           Cloud computing solutions services fee received/receivable from
             fellow subsidiaries                                                            9                6
           Messaging services fee received/receivable from fellow
            subsidiaries                                                                   11               11
           Telecommunications services and related expenses paid/payable to
             – a fellow subsidiary                                                        (22)             (23)
             – an associate of the ultimate holding company                                (8)             (10)
           Professional fees paid/payable to a controlling shareholder for the
             provision of internal audit and company secretarial services                   (6)             (6)
           Building management fees, water and electricity fees, air
             conditioning charges and car parking spaces rental paid/payable
             to fellow subsidiaries                                                       (14)             (14)
           Rental income and building management charges
             received/receivable from a fellow subsidiary                                  17               17
           Interest income from deposits received/receivables from fellow
             subsidiaries                                                                  20               31
           Finance costs on bank and other loans paid/payable to fellow
             subsidiaries                                                                 (40)             (17)

          The directors are of the opinion that the above transactions with related parties were conducted on
          normal commercial terms in the ordinary course of business and the terms are fair and reasonable so
          far as the shareholders of the Company are concerned. The professional fees paid by the Group were
          reimbursement of costs incurred by the related party, the prices which the Group paid for the relevant
          services were fair and reasonable with reference to market price.
272   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      32 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (a) Transactions with affiliates of the Group and its holding company (Continued)

          (ii)    Balances with affiliates of the Group

                                                                                                                        2025                  2024
                                                                                                                    $ million              $ million

                    Advance payment for the acquisition of the remaining equity
                      interest in a subsidiary included in trade and other receivables
                      and deposits to a fellow subsidiary                                                                    69                    67
                    Lease liabilities due to fellow subsidiaries                                                            (42)                  (49)
                    Deposits with fellow subsidiaries (note (i))                                                            714                  724
                    Bank and other loans from fellow subsidiaries (note (ii))                                           (1,298)                     –

                  Notes:

                  (i)      Deposits with fellow subsidiaries are unsecured, interest-bearing at the prevailing market rates and can be withdrawn on
                           demand or in accordance with the terms of agreement.

                  (ii)     Bank and other loans from fellow subsidiaries are unsecured, interest-bearing at the prevailing market rates and repayable in
                           accordance with the terms of agreement.


          (iii)   Assets leased out under operating leases to a fellow subsidiary

                  Undiscounted lease payments under non-cancellable operating leases in place at the reporting date
                  will be receivable by the Group in future periods are as follows:

                                                                                                                        2025                  2024
                                                                                                                    $ million              $ million

                    Within 1 year                                                                                            15                    15
                    After 1 year but within 2 years                                                                           6                    15
                    After 2 years but within 3 years                                                                          –                     6
                                                                                                                             21                    36

                  The leases related to a fellow subsidiary typically runs for an initial period of 3 years and the related
                  commitments are included in note 10(d).
                                                                                          ANNUAL REPORT 2025          273




                                                   NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


32 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
(a) Transactions with affiliates of the Group and its holding company (Continued)

    (iv)   Leasing arrangement

           On 17 September 2024, the Group renewed a three-year lease (including an option to renew for a
           further term of three years) in respect of certain leasehold properties from a fellow subsidiary. The
           amount of rent payable by the Group under the lease is approximately $803,000 per month from 20
           September 2024 to 19 September 2027, which was determined with reference to the current rental
           and prevailing open market rates for similar properties in the vicinity. At the commencement date of
           the lease, the Group recognised a right-of-use asset and a lease liability of $50,000,000 based on the
           three-year lease and the option to renew for another three-year term.

(b) Transactions with other government-related entities

    The Group is a government-related enterprise and has transactions with entities directly or indirectly
    controlled by the Government of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) through government
    authorities, agencies, affiliates and other organisation (collectively referred to as “government-related
    entities”).

    Apart from transactions with the affiliates of the Group as disclosed above, the Group has collectively, but
    not individually, significant transactions with other government-related entities which include but not limited
    to the following:

    –      rendering and receiving services; and

    –      financial services arrangements.

    These transactions are conducted in the ordinary course of the Group’s business on terms comparable to
    those with other entities that are not government-related. The Group has established its buying, pricing
    strategy and approval process for purchases and sales of products and services. Such buying, pricing
    strategy and approval processes do not depend on whether the counterparties are government-related
    entities or not.

    Having considered the potential for transactions to be impacted by related party relationships, the
    Group’s buying, pricing strategy and approval processes, and what information would be necessary for an
    understanding of the potential effect of the relationship on the financial statements, the directors are of the
    opinion that the following transactions with other government-related entities require disclosure:

    (i)    Transactions with other government-related entities including state-controlled banks in the PRC

                                                                                          2025             2024
                                                                                      $ million         $ million

            Interest income from bank deposits                                                11               16
            Finance costs on bank loans                                                      (33)               –
            Fees received/receivable from the provision of telecommunications
              services                                                                    1,566             1,639
            Fees paid/payable for cost of sales and services                             (1,433)           (1,471)
274   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      32 MATERIAL RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (Continued)
      (b) Transactions with other government-related entities (Continued)

            (ii)   Balances with other government-related entities including state-controlled banks in the PRC

                                                                                                 2025               2024
                                                                                             $ million           $ million

                    Bank deposits                                                                  679                404
                    Trade debtors                                                                  118                165
                    Contract assets                                                                  9                  6
                    Trade creditors                                                               (236)              (253)
                    Bank loans                                                                  (1,053)              (346)

      (c)   Key management personnel emoluments

            Emoluments for key management personnel of the Group are as follows:

                                                                                                 2025               2024
                                                                                             $ million           $ million

              Short-term employee benefits                                                          33                 33
              Post-employment benefits                                                               1                  1
                                                                                                    34                 34

            Total emoluments are included in “staff costs” (see note 5(c)).
                                                                                     ANNUAL REPORT 2025    275




                                                  NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


33 COMPANY-LEVEL STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                      2025        2024
                                                                   Note           $ million    $ million

   Non-current assets
   Property, plant and equipment                                                         2            3
   Investments in subsidiaries                                                      11,553       11,553
   Non-current derivative financial instruments                                          –            2
   Deferred tax assets                                                                   2            2
                                                                                    11,557       11,560
   Current assets
   Derivative financial instruments                                                      –            2
   Trade and other receivables                                                       1,534        1,663
   Cash and deposits                                                                   199           67
                                                                                     1,733        1,732
   Current liabilities
   Trade and other payables                                                            700        3,968
   Loan from a subsidiary                                                               20            –
   Bank and other borrowings                                                         1,206            –
                                                                                     1,926        3,968
   Net current liabilities                                                             (193)     (2,236)
   Total assets less current liabilities                                            11,364        9,324
   Non-current liabilities
   Non-current derivative financial instruments                                          4            –
   Defined benefit plan obligations                                                      5            4
   Non-current bank and other borrowings                                             2,051          346
                                                                                     2,060          350
   NET ASSETS                                                                        9,304        8,974
   Capital and reserves                                            28(a)
   Share capital                                                                     4,758        4,758
   Reserves                                                                          4,546        4,216
   TOTAL EQUITY                                                                      9,304        8,974

  Approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on 12 March 2026.




                      Luo Xicheng                                           Wu Jun
                        Director                                            Director
276   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


      34 NON-ADJUSTING EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
      (i)    After the end of the reporting period, the directors proposed a final dividend. Further details are disclosed
             in note 28(b)(i).

      (ii)   CTM entered into an agreement on 12 January 2026 with Greater Options Limited and Colonial Nominees
             Limited to acquire 100% equity interest in Hutchison Telephone (Macau) Company Limited (“Hutchison
             Macau”), for a total cash consideration of $110,000,000. The results of Hutchison Macau will be
             consolidated into the Group’s results following the completion of the acquisition.

      35 IMMEDIATE PARENT AND ULTIMATE CONTROLLING PARTY
             As at 31 December 2025, the directors consider the immediate parent and the ultimate controlling party
             of the Group to be Ease Action Investments Corp., which is incorporated in the British Virgin Islands, and
             CITIC Group Corporation, which is a wholly state-owned company in the PRC, respectively. The intermediate
             holding company, CITIC Limited, which is incorporated and listed in Hong Kong, produces financial
             statements available for public use.

      36 POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS AND
         INTERPRETATIONS ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE YEAR
         ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025
             Up to the date of issue of these financial statements, the HKICPA has issued a number of new or amended
             standards, which are not yet effective for the year ended 31 December 2025 and which have not been
             adopted in these financial statements. These developments include the following which may be relevant to
             the Group.

                                                                                                           Effective for
                                                                                                            accounting
                                                                                                                periods
                                                                                                          beginning on
                                                                                                                or after

              Amendments to HKFRS 9, Financial instruments and HKFRS 7, Financial
               instruments: disclosures – Contracts referencing nature dependent electricity            1 January 2026

              Amendments to HKFRS 9, Financial instruments and HKFRS 7, Financial
               instruments: disclosures – Amendments to the classification and measurement
               of financial instruments                                                                 1 January 2026

              Annual improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards – Volume 11                             1 January 2026

              HKFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements                             1 January 2027

              HKFRS 19, Subsidiaries without public accountability: disclosures                         1 January 2027

             The Group is in the process of making an assessment of what the impact of these developments is
             expected to be in the period of initial application. So far it has concluded that the adoption of them is
             unlikely to have a significant impact on the consolidated financial statements except for the following:
                                                                                      ANNUAL REPORT 2025         277




                                              NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS


36 POSSIBLE IMPACT OF AMENDMENTS, NEW STANDARDS AND
   INTERPRETATIONS ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE FOR THE YEAR
   ENDED 31 DECEMBER 2025 (Continued)
  HKFRS 18, Presentation and disclosure in financial statements

  HKFRS 18 will replace HKAS 1, Presentation of financial statements and aims to improve the transparency
  and comparability of information about an entity’s financial statements. HKFRS 18 is effective for annual
  reporting periods beginning on or after 1 January 2027 and is to be applied retrospectively.

  Among other changes, under HKFRS 18, entities are required to classify all income and expenses into
  five categories in the statement of profit or loss, namely the operating, investing, financing, discontinued
  operations and income tax categories. Entities are also required to provide specific disclosures about
  management-defined performance measures in a single note in the financial statements.

  The Group does not plan to early adopt HKFRS 18. The Group is in the process of making an assessment
  of the detailed implications of applying the new standard on the Group’s consolidated financial statements.
  Except for the abovementioned changes in presentation and disclosure, these amendments are not
  expected to have a material impact on the results or the financial position of the Group.
278   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      PROPERTY

      MAJOR PROPERTY HELD FOR INVESTMENT
       Location                                                           Existing use         Term of lease

       4 Lorry Parking Spaces on 1st Floor, 2 Lorry Parking Spaces   Lorry Parking Space and     Medium
         on 2nd Floor, 1 Lorry Parking Space on 3rd Floor and            Ancillary Office
         Unit 2102 to 2104 and 2108 on 21st Floor, CITIC Telecom
         Tower, 93 Kwai Fuk Road, Kwai Chung, New Territories,
         Hong Kong

       5th to 11th Floors and Flat B on 12th Floor, CITIC Telecom           Industrial           Medium
         Tower, 93 Kwai Fuk Road, Kwai Chung, New Territories,
         Hong Kong
                                                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025         279




                                                                                 GLOSSARY

5G                      5th generation mobile networks

5.5G                    5.5G (5G-Advanced)
                        5.5G, also known as 5G-Advanced, represents an intermediate stage of
                        evolution between 5G and the future 6G. It is not a new generation of mobile
                        technology but rather a significant enhancement of the existing 5G network.
                        The primary goals of 5.5G are to deliver substantial improvements in key
                        performance indicators, including “ultra-high speed”, “ultra-low latency”, and
                        “massive connectivity”. It aims to increase download speeds tenfold from 1
                        Gbps to 10 Gbps, reduce latency to as low as 1 millisecond, and support over
                        a million connected devices per square kilometer. These enhancements are
                        designed to enable more demanding applications such as immersive extended
                        reality (XR), autonomous driving, telemedicine, and large-scale Internet of
                        Things (IoT) deployments

50G-PON                 PON (Passive Optical Network) is what we commonly refer to as “fiber
                        broadband access technology”. 50G-PON is the next-generation standard in
                        Passive Optical Network (PON) technology. 50G-PON can provide downstream
                        speeds of 50 Gbps and upstream options of 12.5 Gbps, 25 Gbps, or 50 Gbps.
                        This technology allows service providers to deliver multiple services, such as
                        residential broadband, business connectivity, and mobile backhaul, over a single
                        fiber infrastructure. A key advantage is its ability to coexist with previous PON
                        generations like GPON and XGS-PON on the same optical distribution network
                        (ODN)

AI                      Artificial Intelligence

AI-WAN                  AI-WAN refers to the integration of Artificial Intelligence (AI) into Wide Area
                        Networks (WANs). It uses AI algorithms and machine learning to enhance
                        network performance, automate operations, and improve security. An AI-WAN
                        solution can intelligently manage network traffic, predict potential issues like
                        congestion, and automatically optimize network paths for better performance

API                     API stands for Application Programming Interface. In the telecommunications
                        field, it acts like a “capability socket” or a “service supermarket.” Telecom
                        operators package their own communication capabilities (such as sending
                        SMS, voice calls, number verification, network quality assurance, etc.) into
                        standardized “components” or “services,” which are then opened up via APIs
                        for third-party developers or enterprises to use

Big Data                Big data refer to the use of predictive analytics, user behavior analytics, or
                        certain other advanced data analytics methods that extract value from data

Cloud/cloud computing   Cloud/cloud computing is a model for enabling ubiquitous, convenient, on-
                        demand network access to a shared pool of configurable computing resources
                        (e.g. networks, servers, storage, applications and services etc.) that can be
                        rapidly provisioned and released with minimal management effort or service
                        provider interaction
280   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      GLOSSARY



      eSIM                       Embedded-SIM

      FTTR                       FTTR (Fiber-to-the-Room) is a technology that extends fiber optic internet to
                                 individual rooms in a home or building, providing ultra-fast, stable, and reliable
                                 connectivity. It eliminates Wi-Fi dead zones, ensures gigabit speeds, and
                                 supports bandwidth-heavy activities like 4K streaming, gaming, and smart home
                                 devices. FTTR is a future-ready solution for seamless internet coverage

      ICT                        Information and Communications Technology (ICT), an umbrella term that
                                 includes any communication device or application, encompassing: radio,
                                 television, cellular phones, computer and network hardware and software,
                                 satellite systems etc., as well as the various ser vices and applications
                                 associated with them

      Internet of Things (IoT)   The Internet of Things (IoT) is the network of physical devices, vehicles, home
                                 appliances and other items embedded with electronics, software, sensors,
                                 actuators, and connectivity which enables these objects to connect and
                                 exchange data

      IoV                        IoV (Internet of Vehicles) is a network that connects vehicles, infrastructure,
                                 devices, and users to enable data exchange and intelligent transportation. It
                                 supports V2X communication (e.g., vehicle-to-vehicle, vehicle-to-infrastructure)
                                 for improved safety, traffic management, and autonomous driving. IoV enhances
                                 road safety, reduces congestion, and enables smart transportation systems

      IPX                        IP Packet Exchange (IPX), a network architecture connecting carriers and
                                 operators to provide a private interconnection that can support both bilateral
                                 and multilateral types of connections

      ISP                        Internet Service Provider

      NaaS                       NaaS (Network-as-a-Service) is a cloud-based service model that provides
                                 network resources like connectivity, VPNs, and SD-WAN on a subscription or
                                 pay-as-you-go basis. It eliminates the need for businesses to own or maintain
                                 physical network hardware, offering flexibility, scalability, and easy cloud
                                 integration. NaaS is ideal for remote work, IoT deployments, and businesses
                                 needing cost-effective, on-demand networking solutions

      PoP(s)                     Point(s)-of-Presence, connection facilities co-located in the data centres of other
                                 telecoms operators that consist primarily of transmission equipment with which
                                 calls and data are routed to and from the Group’s hub

      SA                         The standalone (SA) mode of 5G refers to using 5G cells for both signalling and
                                 information transfer

      SD-WAN                     SD-WAN is an acronym for software-defined networking in a wide area network
                                 (WAN). An SD-WAN simplifies the management and operation of a WAN by
                                 decoupling (separating) the networking hardware from its control mechanism
                                                                   ANNUAL REPORT 2025         281




                                                                         GLOSSARY



SEPP      In 5G, SEPP (Security Edge Protection Proxy) is a network function that secures
          signaling communication between different networks (PLMNs), such as during
          roaming. It encrypts sensitive data, ensures message integrity, hides network
          topology, and facilitates secure communication over the N32 interface using
          application-layer security like JSON Web Encryption (JWE). SEPP replaces the
          Diameter Edge Agent (DEA/DRA) used in 4G and is essential for secure inter-
          network signaling in 5G

SIMN      Single IMSI Multiple Number (SIMN) service, a Mobile VAS which allows mobile
          operators’ subscribers to hold multiple overseas mobile phone numbers on their
          existing SIM cards, providing frequent travelers and mobile roamers the choice
          of saving roaming charges in SIMN-enabled regions

SMS       Short Message Service (SMS), a service available on most digital mobile
          phones that permits the sending of short messages between mobile phones,
          other handheld devices and even landline telephones

VoLTE     Voice Over LTE (VoLTE) means connection of voice call through 4G LTE network

Wi-Fi 7   Wi-Fi 7 is the next generation of Wi-Fi. It builds upon Wi-Fi 6/6E and introduces
          several key innovations to achieve significantly higher speeds, lower latency,
          and greater capacity
282   CITIC TELECOM INTERNATIONAL HOLDINGS LIMITED




      CORPORATE INFORMATION

      HEADQUARTERS AND REGISTERED                                                 ANNUAL REPORT 2025
      OFFICE
                                                                                  Th e A n n u a l Re p o r t i s p r e p a r e d i n E n g l i s h a n d
      25th Floor, CITIC Telecom Tower                                             Chinese and is available on the Company’s website at
      93 Kwai Fuk Road                                                            www.citictel.com under “Announcements & Circulars”
      Kwai Chung                                                                  in the Investors section and HKEXnew’s website at
      New Territories                                                             www.hkexnews.hk.
      Hong Kong
                                                                                  For Shareholders and Non-registered Shareholders
      Tel:          2377 8888                                                     who wish to receive a printed form of the Annual
      Fax:          2376 2063                                                     Report, please refer to “Corporate Communications
                                                                                  Requests” in the Investors section of the Company’s
      WEBSITE                                                                     website at www.citictel.com for details.

      www.citictel.com cont ains a description of the
      C o m p a ny ’s b u s i n e s s , c o p i e s o f t h e r e p o r t s t o
      shareholders, announcements, press releases and
      other information.

      STOCK CODES
      The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong:                      01883
      Bloomberg:                                            1883:HK
      Reuters:                                              1883.HK

      SHARE REGISTRAR
      Shareholders should contact our Registrar, Tricor
      Investor Ser vices Limited, 17/F, Far East Finance
      Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong at 2980 1333,
      or by fax: 2810 8185, on matters such as transfer of
      shares, change of name or address, or loss of share
      certificates.

      FINANCIAL CALENDAR
      Closure of Register:           15 May 2026 to 20 May 2026 and
                                     28 May 2026 to 1 June 2026

      Annual General Meeting: 20 May 2026, 10:00 a.m.
                              Concord Room I, 8th Floor
                              Renaissance Harbour View Hotel
                              1 Harbour Road, Wanchai
                              Hong Kong

      Final Dividend Payable:        25 June 2026
WWW.CITICTEL.COM
