FISCAL YEAR 2026 ANNUAL REPORT   2026
CONTENTS
2     Corporate Information

4     Chairman’s Statement

9     Management Discussion and Analysis

26    Directors’ Report

72    Biographical Information of
      Directors and Senior Management

76    Corporate Governance Report

93    Risk Management and Internal Control

102   Independent Auditor’s Report

109   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

110   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive
      Income

111   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

113   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

115   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

118   Notes to Financial Statements

216   Financial Summary
CORPORATE INFORMATION

BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                                      AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
                                                                        Mr. SHEN Difan
Executive Directors                                                     Ms. TSUI Hiu Leong
Mr. SHEN Difan (Chairman and Chief Executive
  Officer) (appointed as the chairman of the
                                                                        JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
  Board with effect from December 15, 2025)
                                                                        Ms. TSUI Hiu Leong
Ms. SHENG Mengyue (appointed with effect from
                                                                        Ms. DENG Yan
  close of business on May 15, 2026)
Mr. TU Yanwu (resigned with effect from close of
  business on May 15, 2026)                                             LEGAL ADVISOR
                                                                        Fangda Partners
Non-executive Directors
Mr. ZHU Shunyan (resigned as a non-executive                            AUDITOR
 Director and the chairman of the Board with                           Ernst & Young
  effect from December 15, 2025)                                        Certified Public Accountants
Ms. HUANG Jiaojiao                                                      Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
Mr. XU Haipeng
                                                                        REGISTERED OFFICE
Independent Non-executive Directors                                     Victoria Place
Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa)                                              5th Floor
Dr. SHAO Rong                                                           31 Victoria Street
Ms. WU May Yihong                                                       Hamilton HM 10
                                                                        Bermuda
Audit Committee
Ms. WU May Yihong (Chairman)
Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa)
                                                                        PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
Dr. SHAO Rong                                                           IN HONG KONG
                                                                        26/F, Tower One
Remuneration Committee                                                  Times Square
Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa) (Chairman)                                   1 Matheson Street
Ms. HUANG Jiaojiao                                                      Causeway Bay
Ms. WU May Yihong                                                       Hong Kong


Nomination Committee                                                    PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
Mr. SHEN Difan (Chairman) (appointed with effect
                                                                        IN PRC
  from December 15, 2025)
                                                                        30/F, Greenland Center
Mr. ZHU Shunyan (Chairman) (resigned with
                                                                        Building 9, Zone 4
  effect from December 15, 2025)
                                                                        Wangjing East Park
Dr. SHAO Rong
                                                                        Chaoyang District
Ms. WU May Yihong
                                                                        Beijing




02    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                              CORPORATE INFORMATION

PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
(IN BERMUDA)
Ocorian Management (Bermuda) Ltd.
Canon’s Court
22 Victoria Street
Hamilton HM 12
Bermuda


BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR
(IN HONG KONG)
Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong


PRINCIPAL BANKERS
China CITIC Bank International Limited
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
  Corporation Limited
China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
Bank of Ningbo Co., Ltd
JPMorgan Chase Bank


COMPANY WEBSITE
http://www.irasia.com/listco/hk/alihealth/




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   03
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

Dear fellow shareholders,

On behalf of the Board of Directors and Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited (the
“Company” or “Alibaba Health”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”), I would like to take
this opportunity to express our sincere gratitude to all of our shareholders and the general public for
their continued interest and support.

In 2025, China’s economy continued to advance on the path of high-quality development, with the
digital economy and the real economy becoming increasingly integrated and consumer market
potential being continuously unleashed. Driven by both policy guidance and technological
innovation, the “Internet + Healthcare” sector made significant progress over the past year. The
National Health Commission, together with other ministries, continued to introduce favourable
policies and implemented diversified systematic measures to promote the healthcare industry
towards high-quality, multi-tiered, and inclusive development. These measures included optimizing
medical insurance payment mechanisms, expanding the scope of Internet-based diagnosis and
treatment, and encouraging innovative healthcare models. Meanwhile, the National Health
Commission issued the “Action Plan for the Development of Medical Artificial Intelligence
Applications (2025–2027)“^ (《醫 療 人 工 智 能 應 用 發 展 行 動 計 劃(2025–2027年》), which explicitly
encouraged the research, development, and application of medical large language models and
supported innovation in use cases across areas such as assisted diagnosis, medical research, and
health management, thereby establishing a clear direction for industry development.

Against the backdrop of continued release of policy benefits and accelerated evolution of
technological innovation, Alibaba Health has always upheld its mission of “making healthcare
accessible and affordable to all,” actively responding to national policy calls and driving industry
transformation through technological innovation. As the flagship healthcare platform of Alibaba
Group in the healthcare sector, the Group deeply integrates AI technology with end-to-end
healthcare services to build an intelligent healthcare ecosystem that unifies online and offline
capabilities. Focusing on user needs, we continue to deepen the closed-loop ecosystem of
“medicine, therapeutics, intelligence,” and harness technology to improve the accessibility and
precision of medical resources.




04    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

PHARMACEUTICAL E-COMMERCE BUSINESS
Over the past year, the pharmaceutical e-commerce business continued to consolidate its leading
position in the industry. The Group has always adopted a user-centric approach, fully leveraging its
well-established brand strengths built over years of operation in the healthcare sector. By
harnessing its capabilities in e-commerce, big data, and cloud computing, the Group continues to
refine its three core business pillars — the Tmall Healthcare Platform, pharmaceutical direct-sales
business, and e-commerce advertising business. It actively partners with high-quality upstream
pharmaceutical, healthcare, and medical device brand owners and distributors to provide users with
safer, more convenient and comprehensive Internet-based integrated health solutions.

In terms of platform business, the Tmall Healthcare Platform continues to leverage its platform
advantages on both the supply and demand sides, working together with industry partners to
explore new trends and emerging categories. The Tmall Healthcare Platform also continues to
consolidate its industry position as the “premiere launch platform for new products,” helping brand
new products achieve breakthrough success through a full-cycle support mechanism, precisely
connecting brand merchants with target consumer groups, and promoting win-win growth for both
parties. Over the past year, the Group continued to operate the advertising business for Tmall
Healthcare categories, deepening the synergistic closed-loop between advertising services and
health brand merchant solutions, continuously enhancing merchant stickiness, and driving steady
expansion of the overall platform scale.

In terms of the pharmaceutical direct-sales business, the Group has always adhered to its
operational motto of “authenticity, affordability, professionalism, and reliability,” committed to
meeting consumers’ comprehensive needs for various health products including pharmaceuticals,
nutritional supplements, and medical devices. Over the past year, we actively established a “first-
launch platform for innovative and specialty drugs,” focusing on enhancing the accessibility of
innovative drugs, deepening our prescription drug business layout, and accelerating penetration in
the core chronic disease management segment. By improving service stickiness and end-to-end user
management capabilities, we continue to strengthen the competitive advantages of our direct-sales
business. In terms of supply chain and logistics, the Group continues to upgrade its nationwide
pharmaceutical distribution network, expand cold-chain coverage, and further improve delivery
efficiency, enabling more users to benefit from faster and more reliable medication purchasing
experiences.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   05
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

HEALTHCARE AND DIGITAL SERVICES BUSINESS
Over the past year, the Group continued to enhance the user experience of its professional
healthcare services by reaching users through multiple platforms including Tmall, Taobao, Alipay,
AMap, DingTalk, Freshippo, and Quark, providing them with integrated online-to-offline healthcare
services covering traditional Chinese medicine (“TCM”), medical check-ups, consultations,
appointment booking, vaccinations, dental care, mental health services, optometry, and nursing,
making healthcare services more precise and accessible. As at March 31, 2026, the total number of
licensed practitioners, pharmacists, and nutritionists contracted with the Group to provide online
health consultation services increased by 12.4% year-on-year to nearly 270,000 (including Xiaolu
TCM), forming a nationwide professional healthcare service network.

The Group continues to deepen strategic cooperation with well-known pharmaceutical companies
such as Novo Nordisk, leveraging digital tools to build an end-to-end smart healthcare service
closed-loop covering “prevention-diagnosis-management” for chronic disease patients, effectively
improving patient treatment adherence and promoting chronic disease management towards greater
precision and personalization. The Group also explores innovative models of instant-retail healthcare
services, introducing professional-grade testing capabilities into home scenarios, accelerating the
integration of resources in “localized services + Internet healthcare,” continuously improving the
integrated service ecosystem of “testing-diagnosis-medicine,” and bringing users a more efficient
and convenient healthcare management experience.

The Xiaolu TCM business has maintained steady growth. As the first platform in the industry to
integrate TCM services into a large language model ecosystem, Xiaolu TCM continues to expand its
nationwide TCM practitioner service network while actively deepening AI empowerment, continuously
improving overall patient experience and diagnosis and treatment quality. As at March 31, 2026, the
number of registered TCM practitioners on Xiaolu TCM increased to 157,000, with significant
improvements in both service coverage and quality standards.

In the field of drug traceability, the “Ma Shang Fang Xin” platform supports the National Healthcare
Security Administration in deepening medical insurance fund supervision reforms. By providing
traceability compliance services covering the entire supply chain from pharmaceutical production,
distribution to terminal, it continues to build a transparent and safe pharmaceutical supply chain
system. Leveraging the industry’s leading enterprise collaborative network, the platform continues to
provide value-added services including channel management, distribution tracking, and patient
education to leading pharmaceutical companies based on traceability data, thereby transforming
traceability capabilities into actual commercial value.




06    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                 CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE STRATEGY
AI is Alibaba Health’s most important strategic investment. Over the past year, the Group has
continued to deeply integrate AI capabilities across the entire value chain of pharmaceutical
e-commerce and healthcare services, from user acquisition and supply chain optimization to user
services, driving comprehensive efficiency improvement and experience enhancement through
intelligent transformation, and propelling the overall business towards a leap in higher-quality
development.

In May 2026, the Group officially launched “Hydrion” (氫離子), a large language model in the
medical vertical domain, marking a new stage in the Group’s strategic positioning in the medical AI
field. “Hydrion” is specifically designed for doctors’ clinical and research scenarios, with powerful
medical knowledge integration capabilities and rigorous evidence-based reasoning capabilities at its
core. Based on authoritative references, it ensures that every answer is traceable to reliable sources,
striving to become the medical AI assistant with the lowest hallucination rates and highest evidence-
based credibility in the healthcare sector, helping doctors more efficiently solve complex problems in
clinical diagnosis and medical research. For the Group, the launch of “Hydrion” is not only a
demonstration of technological strength, but also an important milestone in the deep integration of
the “medicine, therapeutics, intelligence” (醫—藥—智) closed-loop ecosystem. Looking ahead, the
Group plans to expand the scope of application scenarios for “Hydrion”, accelerate the
implementation of AI technology across the entire healthcare sector, and continue to promote
inclusive and precise accessibility of medical resources through technological innovation.


PUBLIC SERVICE
At Alibaba Health, we remain true to our original aspiration and actively fulfill our corporate social
responsibilities. Centered on inclusive access to healthcare services, we focus on the healthcare
needs of disadvantaged groups and are committed to promoting social health equity and
sustainable development. Alibaba Health will continue to work with ecosystem merchants to
contribute to the Healthy China initiative and enable more people to access fair and quality
healthcare services.




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   07
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

Building on the successful “Care Campaign for Lemon Babies”^ (檸檬寶寶關愛行動), the “Rare
Disease Care Initiative”^ (罕見病關愛行動) has achieved broader coverage. Leveraging our platform
connectivity, we have worked with charitable organizations and medical institutions to build an
integrated service system spanning “screening-diagnosis-treatment-rehabilitation management.” As
of March 31, 2026, the initiative had covered 18 rare-disease categories, provided assistance to more
than 2,500 patients, involved cumulative public-welfare investment of over RMB10.8 million, and
reduced patients’ medical-expense burdens by nearly RMB7 million in aggregate, bringing hope to
more families affected by rare diseases.

The “Silver Age Care • Health Guardian”^ (銀齡關愛•健康護航) elderly healthcare support initiative
was jointly launched by the Group together with the China Aging Development Foundation, Alibaba
Foundation, and multiple pharmaceutical partners. Through an integrated model of “medication
donations + expert outreach + talent incubation,” the program addresses bottlenecks in grassroots
healthcare services and supports the development of healthy rural communities.

The “Health Welfare Cooperative”^ (健康福利社公益雲藥房) public-welfare cloud pharmacy was
launched in Foping County, Shaanxi Province. Using a precise “on-demand supply” model, urgently
needed medicines were donated to local primary healthcare institutions, extending high-quality
medical resources to underserved rural communities and directly benefiting more than 40,000
residents.

Looking ahead, we remain highly confident in Alibaba Health’s long-term growth potential.
Technological innovation will continue to power industry transformation. Meeting people’s diverse
healthcare needs remains our unwavering mission. We will continue to focus on AI-driven growth,
deepen the “medicine, pharmaceuticals, and intelligence”^ (醫—藥—智) closed-loop ecosystem,
further strengthen our pharmaceutical e-commerce platform advantages, expand the depth and
breadth of Internet-based healthcare services, and accelerate the development of intelligent medical
infrastructure, creating long-term value for users, society, and shareholders.

Finally, I would like to express my sincere gratitude once again to all shareholders, partners, users,
and members of the public for their long-term support, understanding, and assistance. We will
uphold our mission of safeguarding public health, making healthcare services accessible and
affordable, and providing broader populations with high-quality, affordable, and accessible medical
and healthcare services.

Shen Difan
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer




May 14, 2026




08    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

BUSINESS REVIEW
During the Reporting Period, the “Internet + Healthcare” sector continued to make progress, driven
by policy guidance and technological innovation. The National Health Commission, together with
other ministries, pressed forward with “demand-side management” reforms to drive high-quality,
multi-tiered, and inclusive development across the healthcare industry. These reforms included
optimizing medical insurance payment mechanisms, expanding the scope of Internet-based
diagnosis and treatment, and encouraging innovative healthcare models. In November 2025, the
National Healthcare Security Administration issued its “Guiding Opinions on Actively Promoting the
Reform of Medical Insurance Payment Methods”^ (《關於積極推進醫保支付方式改革的指導意見》). This
confirmed that Internet healthcare services would qualify for medical insurance coverage, providing
additional momentum for industry growth. In February 2026, the National Healthcare Security
Administration released its “Implementation Rules for the Regulation on the Supervision and
Administration of the Use of Medical Insurance Funds”^ (《醫療保障基金使用監督管理條例實施細則》),
strengthening oversight and standardizing how medical insurance funds are used. The Group’s
digital tracking business has capitalized on these favourable regulatory reforms and initiatives,
contributing to the robust and sustainable growth of the healthcare industry.

In the field of medical AI innovation, the National Health Commission issued the “Action Plan for the
Development of Medical Artificial Intelligence Applications (2025–2027)”^ (《醫療人工智能應用發展行動
計劃 (2025–2027年)》) in September 2025. The plan supports developing and adopting medical large
language models while driving innovation for a variety of use cases, such as in assisted diagnosis,
treatment, medical research, and health management. Against this backdrop, Alibaba Health
officially launched its first large language model trained to serve the daily needs of doctors and
other clinical and research professionals, “Hydrion”^ (氫 離 子), in May 2026. This marked a
significant breakthrough in the Group’s strategic positioning in the medical AI field. During the
Reporting Period, the Group maintained close alignment with national policy guidance, continued to
increase investments in innovative drugs and AI-powered medical large language models, and
achieved steady growth across all business segments.

During the Reporting Period, the Group’s total revenue amounted to RMB34,255.1 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of 12.0%. Net profit amounted to RMB1,936.3 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of 35.2%. Adjusted net profit amounted to RMB2,326.2 million,
representing a year-on-year increase of 19.3%, and adjusted net profit margin improved from 6.4%
to 6.8% year-on-year. During the Reporting Period, the Taobao and Tmall Healthcare Platform,
operated by the Group, continued to deliver steady growth. The number of annual active users
(“AAU”) — those who made one or more actual purchases on the Taobao Platform (including Tmall
Healthcare Platform) within the past 12 months — continued to increase. Both the number of online
proprietary merchants and the number of merchants transacting on the Tmall Healthcare Platform
sustained rapid growth. The number of merchants with transactions increased by 26% year-on-year
to 47,500, while the number of online SKUs with transactions increased by more than 25.8% to 27.5
million.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   09
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

As at March 31, 2026, effective GMV of the Group’s direct online stores grew steadily, supported by
continued increases in both the number of AAUs and the number of members in the direct-sales
business. Average revenue per user (“ARPU”) for direct sales members increased by over 14% year-
on-year, while the number of SKUs increased by 79% to 2.2 million. Meanwhile, the Group also
enhanced its offerings for patients with chronic conditions. The cumulative number of paying chronic
disease users grew 23% year-on-year, and the average duration of therapy (“ DOT”) per user
continued to grow year-on-year. During the Reporting Period, the Group further integrated and
optimized its pharmaceutical logistics operations, as well as its combined network of general
pharmaceutical and cold-chain warehouses. In particular, cold-chain warehouses were expanded to
Guangzhou, Hangzhou, Tianjin, Kunshan, Zhengzhou, and Chengdu, completing the latest phase of
network expansion. In the healthcare services segment, as at the end of the Reporting Period, the
total number of licensed practitioners, pharmacists, and nutritionists contracted with the Group to
provide online health consultation services increased 12.4% year-on-year to nearly 270,000,
including those from Xiaolu TCM.

As the flagship healthcare platform of Alibaba Group Holding Limited (“Alibaba Holding”, together
with its subsidiaries, the “Alibaba Group”), Alibaba Health continues to integrate AI technology with
its end-to-end healthcare services to build an intelligent healthcare ecosystem that unifies online
and offline capabilities. In 2026, the Group strengthened its pharmaceutical e-commerce and
Internet healthcare foundations while expanding into smart healthcare infrastructure. Applying its in-
depth knowledge in Chinese clinical terminology datasets, disease and drug taxonomies and broad
collection of data points from its Internet healthcare platform, Alibaba Health launched “Hydrion”^
(氫離子), a large language model trained to serve the daily needs of doctors and other clinical and
research professionals. It is positioned as a reliable medical AI assistant with natural language
search, evidence-based Q&A, literature review, Chinese-English comparison, and other such
capabilities. Looking ahead, Alibaba Health will continue to foster the closed-loop ecosystem of
“medicine, therapeutics, intelligence”^ (醫-藥-智), and harness technology to improve access to
medical resources and extend their reach and applicability.

Pharmaceutical E-Commerce Business

The Group’s pharmaceutical e-commerce business continues to adopt a user-centric approach, fully
leveraging its well-established brand strengths and resources built over years of operation. The
Group combines its capabilities in e-commerce, big data, and cloud computing through an
integrated model uniting the Tmall Healthcare Platform, pharmaceutical direct-sales business, and
e-commerce advertising business. Through this foundation, it actively expands strategic partnership
with upstream pharmaceutical, nutritional, healthcare, and medical device manufacturers and
distributors to deliver a comprehensive suite of Internet-based health solutions.




10    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

•   Pharmaceutical E-Commerce Platform Business — Tmall Healthcare Platform

    During the Reporting Period, as a leading online pharmaceutical and healthcare products
    service platform in China, the Tmall Healthcare Platform continued to leverage its platform
    advantages and digital capabilities to drive innovation and collaborate with industry partners.
    We explored new trends and emerging categories, expanded market boundaries, and closely
    tracked evolving user needs, aiming to provide users with more convenient, higher-quality
    healthcare services on the Tmall Healthcare Platform. During the Reporting Period, the Tmall
    Healthcare Platform further consolidated its position as the industry’s leading “premiere launch
    platform for new products,” supporting successful product introductions through a full-cycle
    support mechanism. Under the “Double 11 Super New Product Growth Program”^ (雙11超級新
    品增長計劃) in November 2025, the total transaction value of key supported new products
    exceeded RMB260.0 million, with total online exposure reaching tens of millions. The platform
    successfully launched seven new products, each recording transaction value exceeding RMB10.0
    million, and 25 new products each exceeding RMB1.0 million. During the Reporting Period, the
    Taobao and Tmall Healthcare Platform, operated by the Group, maintained stable growth, with
    AAU numbers continuing to increase. Both the number of online proprietary merchants and the
    number of merchants with transactions on the Tmall Healthcare Platform sustained rapid
    growth. Among them, the number of merchants with transactions increased by 26% year-on-
    year to 47,500, while the number of online SKUs with transactions increased by more than
    25.8% year-on-year to 27.53 million. During the Reporting Period, the Group actively promoted
    merchants’ business growth while providing them with more customized services. The
    advertising business continued to develop steadily (for further details, please refer to the
    announcement of the Group dated November 28, 2023).

•   Pharmaceutical Direct Sales Business

    Adhering to its operational motto of “authenticity, affordability, professionalism, and
    reliability,” the Group’s pharmaceutical direct-sales business is committed to providing users
    across Tmall, Taobao, Alipay, Taobao Instant Commerce (formerly known as Ele.me), and other
    platforms with comprehensive and affordable healthcare services covering prescription drugs,
    over-the-counter (“OTC”) medicines, nutritional supplements, medical devices, and contact
    lenses.

    As at March 31, 2026, revenue from the pharmaceutical direct-sales business reached
    RMB29,665.0 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 13.6%. During the Reporting
    Period, Alibaba Health established a “first-launch platform for innovative and specialty drugs,”
    focusing on disease areas such as diabetes, hair loss, insomnia, and rhinitis, accelerating the
    introduction of new medicines while enhancing the accessibility of innovative treatments.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   11
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     As at March 31, 2026, prescription drugs sales from the Group’s direct online stores maintained
     rapid growth, supported by continuous increases in AAUs and membership in the direct-sales
     business. ARPU for direct-sales members increased by over 14% year-on-year, and the number
     of SKUs under direct-sales business increased by 79% year-on-year to 2.2 million. Meanwhile,
     the Group also enhanced its offerings for patients with chronic conditions. In FY2026, the
     cumulative number of paying chronic disease users grew 23% year-on-year, and the average
     DOT per user continued to grow year-on-year. During the Reporting Period, the Group further
     integrated and optimized its pharmaceutical logistics operations, as well as its combined
     network of general pharmaceutical and cold-chain warehouses. In particular, cold-chain
     warehouses were expanded to Guangzhou, Hangzhou, Tianjin, Kunshan, Zhengzhou, and
     Chengdu, completing the latest phase of network expansion. In terms of delivery efficiency,
     while maintaining consistently high next-day delivery rates in existing cities, the Group further
     expanded half-day delivery services to Shanghai, Suzhou, Wuxi, Changzhou, Hangzhou, Ningbo,
     and Jiaxing, providing users with faster and more efficient medication delivery services.

Healthcare and Digital Services Business

During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to enhance the user experience of its professional
healthcare services by providing an integrated online-to-offline system accessible through multiple
platforms, including Tmall, Taobao, Alipay, AMap, DingTalk, Freshippo, and Quark. The services
offered include traditional Chinese medicine (“TCM”), medical check-ups, consultations, appointment
booking, vaccinations, dental care, mental health services, optometry, and nursing. As at March 31,
2026, the total number of licensed practitioners, pharmacists, and nutritionists contracted with the
Group to provide online health consultation services increased by 12.4% year-on-year to nearly
270,000 (including Xiaolu TCM).

•    Healthcare Services

     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s Internet hospital business continued to implement
     discipline-specific digital intelligent solutions, further deepening strategic cooperation with
     pharmaceutical companies to build a digital patient service ecosystem. During the Reporting
     Period, Alibaba Health entered a new round of strategic partnerships with pharmaceutical
     companies, including Novo Nordisk, with a focus on areas such as chronic disease patient
     services. In diabetes care, the Group leverages medical big-data analytics and AI-assisted
     diagnosis systems to deliver comprehensive smart healthcare solutions covering the full cycle of
     “prevention-diagnosis-management.” This model enables end-to-end digital services from
     online consultation through pharmaceutical delivery, strengthening treatment adherence while
     equipping doctors with continuous data support to facilitate personalized intervention. During
     the Reporting Period, in collaboration with Taobao Flash Shopping, Alibaba Health also
     launched a new “home rapid testing”^ (居家閃檢) service, which includes the “12-pathogen
     respiratory virus and bacteria test”^ (呼吸道病毒細菌12聯檢). The service was piloted in Beijing,
     Shanghai, Guangzhou, Tianjin, and Hangzhou, allowing users to conduct professional-grade
     testing at home and receive reports in approximately three hours. This provides a scientific
     basis for medication use and effectively alleviates pressure on healthcare services during flu




12    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

    seasons. Looking ahead, the Group will continue to introduce more professional healthcare
    service resources into instant-retail scenarios, accelerating the integration of “localized services
    + Internet healthcare” and working toward an integrated closed-loop service model covering
    “diagnosis, medicine, therapeutics”^ (檢-醫-藥). This initiative aims to provide users with more
    convenient and efficient localized healthcare services. During the Reporting Period, the Xiaolu
    TCM business also maintained steady growth. As at March 31, 2026, the number of registered
    TCM practitioners on Xiaolu TCM increased to 157,000, with further improvements in both
    network coverage and service quality. As the first platform in the industry to integrate TCM
    services into a large language model ecosystem, Xiaolu TCM continued to deepen its AI
    deployment, continuously optimizing medical consultation, medication access and other
    services.

•   Digital Tracking Business

    With the continued implementation of end-to-end drug traceability policies by national and
    local drug regulatory authorities, as well as tracking code collection by the National Healthcare
    Security Administration across designated medical institutions and retail pharmacies, Alibaba
    Health’s “Ma Shang Fang Xin”^ (碼上放心) tracking platform has continued to provide efficient
    and cost-effective traceability services for pharmaceutical manufacturers and wholesalers. To
    date, the platform has provided traceability compliance services to pharmaceutical
    manufacturing and wholesale logistics enterprises, retail pharmacies, and secondary-tier
    medical institutions, forming the industry’s most extensive collaborative network of
    pharmaceutical enterprises based on traceability services. “Ma Shang Fang Xin” leverages its
    traceability service network and standardized “one object, one code” data system to track each
    pharmaceutical product throughout the supply chain. Leveraging this network, the platform has
    established deep partnerships with more than 1,300 leading pharmaceutical companies. The
    platform also continues to provide digital services such as digital marketing, channel
    management, distribution tracking, inventory management, and patient education.

    The “Ma Shang Fang Xin” platform has also launched digital solutions for pharmaceutical
    circulation and electronic exchange services for first-time business documentation. To date, over
    3,000 manufacturers and more than 11,000 distribution enterprises have used the platform to
    facilitate electronic circulation of drug inspection reports. Looking ahead, the Group will
    continue to promote sustainable and responsible development across the industry while further
    unlocking the collaborative value of its enterprise network.




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   13
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     In 2026, Alibaba Health strengthened its pharmaceutical e-commerce and Internet healthcare
     foundations while expanding into smart healthcare infrastructure. In May 2026, Alibaba Health
     officially launched a large language model trained to serve the daily needs of doctors and
     other clinical and research professionals, “Hydrion”^ (氫離子), positioned as a “reliable
     medical AI assistant”. Built on the “Qwen”^ (通義千問) model, “Hydrion” integrates tens of
     millions of medical literature resources, clinical guidelines, and authoritative datasets,
     aggregating more than 500 billion medical data points. The model is designed to support
     doctors through natural language search, evidence-based Q&A, literature review, Chinese-
     English comparison, and other such capabilities. Its differentiated advantages include low
     response latency, reduced hallucination rates, and end-to-end, evidence-based traceability
     across multiple application scenarios. Looking ahead, Alibaba Health will continue to foster the
     closed-loop ecosystem of “medicine, therapeutics, intelligence”^ (醫-藥-智), and harness
     technology to improve access to medical resources and extend their reach and applicability.

Public Service

During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to fulfill its corporate social responsibility,
maintaining a strong focus on improving healthcare accessibility for vulnerable groups — including
minors, the elderly, and residents in remote areas — and addressing social and livelihood challenges
arising from uneven distribution of healthcare resources. In China, more than 20 million rare disease
patients have long faced a dual burden: high disease costs compounded by limited access to
affordable treatment. To better support these patients, Alibaba Health further upgraded its “Care
Campaign for Lemon Babies”^ (檸檬寶寶關愛行動) (a targeted assistance program for methylmalonic
acidemia and propionic acidemia) into the broader “Rare Disease Care Initiative”^ (罕見病關愛行動)
in fiscal year 2026. Leveraging its platform capabilities and collaborating with public welfare
organizations, medical institutions, and other ecosystem partners, the initiative established an
integrated service model covering “screening-diagnosis-treatment-rehabilitation management.” With
the support of provincial-level newborn screening centers, Alibaba Health and leading medical
experts provided clinical and technical training to more than 800 healthcare professionals within the
national newborn screening system, enhancing regional diagnosis and treatment capabilities. The
initiative also distributed rare disease care packages to over 1,300 children with genetic metabolic
disorders and promoted more scientific family caregiving through patient education and outreach
programs. As at March 31, 2026, the initiative covered 18 types of rare diseases, aiding more than
2,500 patients through the “Rare Disease Care Platform.” The program has cumulatively reduced
medical expenses by nearly RMB7.0 million, with total public-welfare investment exceeding RMB10.8
million. Building on its platform-based solutions, Alibaba Health will continue striving to deliver more
accessible treatment solutions, ensure a stable supply of pharmaceuticals, and strengthen the
comprehensive end-to-end management services for rare disease patients.




14    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

During the Reporting Period, Alibaba Health joined forces with the China Aging Development
Foundation, Alibaba Foundation, and multiple pharmaceutical partners to launch the “Silver Age
Care • Health Guardian”^ (銀齡關愛•健康護航) initiative. This public-welfare program aims to build a
protective health barrier for elderly residents in rural areas and promote the development of healthy
villages through three core measures: medication donations, expert outreach, and healthcare-talent
incubation. On December 26, 2025, the “Health Welfare Society” Public Welfare Cloud Pharmacy
Initiative, jointly launched by Alibaba Health, the People’s Government of Foping County, Health
Welfare Society, and Alibaba, with support from numerous charitable pharmaceutical companies,
was officially implemented in Foping County, Shaanxi Province. The project adopted a “demand-
based donation” approach and delivered 1,330 boxes of urgently needed medicines to primary
healthcare institutions in Foping County, extending high-quality medical resources to underserved
rural communities and directly benefiting more than 40,000 residents.

Future Prospects

As the industry’s leading digital health management company and the flagship healthcare platform
of Alibaba Group, Alibaba Health remains committed to deeply integrating AI technologies with its
end-to-end healthcare service capabilities to build an intelligent, interconnected healthcare
ecosystem that seamlessly links online and offline services. Looking ahead, the Group will maintain
its user-centric focus, leveraging AI to enhance the accessibility of pharmaceutical and healthcare
products, improve service efficiency, and explore new frontiers under the “AI + Healthcare” model.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   15
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

FINANCIAL REVIEW
The key financial data of the Group for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 is summarized as
follows:

                                                                                    2026         2025     Change
                                                                                 RMB’000      RMB’000         %

Revenue                                                                       34,255,122    30,598,292      12.0
Gross profit                                                                   8,210,117     7,432,091      10.5
Gross profit margin                                                                24.0%         24.3%      N/A
Fulfilment                                                                    (2,760,223)   (2,567,707)      7.5
Selling and marketing expenses                                                (2,451,996)   (2,258,374)      8.6
Administrative expenses                                                         (373,363)     (407,432)     (8.4)
Product development expenses                                                    (788,347)     (720,053)      9.5
Other income and gains                                                           960,541       663,236      44.8
Other expenses and losses                                                       (523,273)     (514,521)      1.7
Finance costs                                                                     (1,402)       (2,609)    (46.3)
Share of losses of a joint venture                                                  (423)      (19,136)    (97.8)
Share of profits/(losses) of associates                                            2,589       (45,527)     N/A
Income tax expense                                                              (337,878)     (127,954)    164.1
Profit for the year                                                            1,936,342     1,432,014      35.2
NON-HKFRS ADJUSTMENTS
Adjusted net profit                                                             2,326,178    1,949,673      19.3

—    Revenue

     Revenue of the Group for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB34,255,122,000, representing
     an increase of RMB3,656,830,000 or 12.0% as compared with RMB30,598,292,000 for the
     Corresponding Period. The increase in revenue was mainly attributable to the steady
     development of the pharmaceutical direct sales business and healthcare and digital services
     during the Reporting Period.

—    Pharmaceutical Direct Sales Business

     The pharmaceutical direct sales business of the Group primarily comprises the direct
     business-to-customer (“B2C”) retail, related advertising business and the business-to-business
     (“B2B”) centralized procurement and distribution business. During the Reporting Period, the
     overall revenue from pharmaceutical direct sales business reached RMB29,664,989,000,
     representing an increase of 13.6% year-on-year. The growth in revenue from the
     pharmaceutical direct sales business was mainly attributable to the constant enrichment of
     categories of goods sold through the direct B2C retail and SKUs, as well as the continuous
     optimization of user experience by adopting a number of measures, such as improving
     information security and providing more professional consultation services.




16     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

—   Pharmaceutical E-commerce Platform Business

    The pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business of the Group comprises (i) the e-commerce
    platform business acquired from Alibaba Group (including categories of, among others,
    pharmaceutical products, healthcare food, medical devices, adult and family planning products
    and contact lenses); (ii) the provision of outsourced services to Tmall Healthcare Platform (in
    respect of categories other than those that have already been acquired) and (iii) new
    pharmaceutical retail business. At the same time, the integration of its marketing review
    services and value-added services has established a complete solution loop for health brand
    merchant solutions, further enhancing the operational completeness of platform model. During
    the Reporting Period, total revenue of the pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business
    amounted to RMB3,638,466,000, representing an increase of 1.4% year-on-year.

—   Healthcare and Digital Services Business

    During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to enhance user experience of professional
    healthcare services by providing its users with a seamless online-to-offline healthcare service
    (including TCM, medical checkups, testing, medical consultation and appointment-booking)
    through a variety of channels such as Tmall, Taobao and Alipay. Digital services business
    includes tracking business. “Ma Shang Fang Xin”^ (碼上放心), the Group’s proprietary tracking
    platform, continued to grow steadily, by offering more value-added services with further
    penetration into the area of distribution and increasing the coverage of retail terminals. During
    the Reporting Period, the revenue generated from the healthcare and digital services business
    increased by 7.5% year-on-year to RMB951,667,000.

—   Gross profit and gross profit margin

    The Group recorded a gross profit of RMB8,210,117,000 for the Reporting Period, representing
    an increase of RMB778,026,000 or 10.5% from RMB7,432,091,000 for the Corresponding Period.
    Gross profit margin for the Reporting Period was 24.0%, representing a decrease of 0.3
    percentage points from 24.3% for the Corresponding Period. This was mainly due to the Group’s
    investment in competitive pricing and promotional activities during the Reporting Period.

—   Fulfillment

    Warehousing, logistics, operation and customer service costs incurred by the Group’s
    pharmaceutical direct sales business were included in fulfillment costs. Fulfillment expenses for
    the Reporting Period amounted to RMB2,760,223,000, representing an increase of
    RMB192,516,000 or 7.5% from RMB2,567,707,000 for the Corresponding Period. During the
    Reporting Period, fulfillment costs as a proportion of the revenue generated from
    pharmaceutical direct sales business decreased by approximately 0.5 percentage points to
    9.3%, as compared with 9.8% for the Corresponding Period, reflecting higher operational
    efficiencies achieved by the Group in areas such as warehousing, logistics and customer
    service.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   17
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

—    Selling and marketing expenses

     Selling and marketing expenses for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB2,451,996,000,
     representing an increase of RMB193,622,000 or 8.6% compared with RMB2,258,374,000 for the
     Corresponding Period. The selling and marketing expenses as a proportion of the Group’s total
     revenue for the Reporting Period decreased to 7.2% from 7.4% as compared with the
     Corresponding Period, benefiting from the continued economies of scale.

—    Administrative expenses

     Administrative expenses for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB373,363,000, representing a
     decrease of RMB34,069,000 or 8.4% as compared with RMB407,432,000 for the Corresponding
     Period. The administrative expenses as a proportion of the Group’s total revenue for the
     Reporting Period decreased to 1.1% from 1.3% as recorded for the Corresponding Period, which
     was mainly due to optimization of cost controls and sustained economies of scale.

—    Product development expenses

     Product development expenses for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB788,347,000,
     representing an increase of RMB68,294,000 or 9.5% as compared with RMB720,053,000 for the
     Corresponding Period. The product development expenses as a proportion of the Group’s total
     revenue for the Reporting Period decreased to 2.3% from 2.4% as recorded for the
     Corresponding Period, which was mainly due to the investment in large language models to
     provide healthcare services during the Reporting Period.

—    Other income and gains

     Other income and gains for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB960,541,000, which primarily
     comprised interest income, investment disposal gains, and government grants incurred during
     the year. The increase from RMB663,236,000 for the Corresponding Period was mainly due to
     the increase in gain on disposal of investments for the period.

—    Other expenses and losses

     During the Reporting Period, other expenses and losses amounted to RMB523,273,000, which
     primarily comprised the fair value losses of financial assets held and the impairment amount
     incurred by investments in associates. The increase of RMB8,752,000 from RMB514,521,000 in
     the Corresponding Period remained relatively stable.

—    Share of profits or losses of a joint venture

     Share of profits or losses of a joint venture represents the share of net operating results of the
     joint venture held as to 13.72% by the Group, Jiangsu Zijin Hongyun Health Industry Investment
     Partnership (Limited Partnership)^ (江 蘇 紫 金 弘 雲 健 康 產 業 投 資 合 夥 企 業（有 限 合 夥）). For the
     Reporting Period, the Group’s share of losses of a joint venture amounted to RMB423,000, as
     compared with losses of RMB19,136,000 for the Corresponding Period.




18    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

—   Share of losses of associates

    The Group actively invests in the healthcare segment. The Group’s share of profits of associates
    for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB2,589,000, representing a decrease in loss of
    RMB48,116,000 as compared with losses of RMB45,527,000 for the Corresponding Period.

—   Non-Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standard indicator in relation to profit for the Year:
    Adjusted net profit

    The Group’s profit for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB1,936,342,000, as compared with a
    profit of RMB1,432,014,000 for the Corresponding Period. The Group’s adjusted net profit for the
    Reporting Period amounted to RMB2,326,178,000, as compared with an adjusted net profit of
    RMB1,949,673,000 for the Corresponding Period. Adjusted net profit is based on the profit for
    the Reporting Period after excluding non-operating profit or loss items such as share-based
    compensation expenses, changes in fair value of equity investments at FVPL, net of tax, gain on
    deemed disposal of investments in associates, net of tax, gains or losses on partial disposal of
    associates, net of tax and impairment of investments in associates, net of tax and gain on
    partial disposal of equity investments at FVPL, net of tax. The increase of RMB376,505,000 in the
    adjusted net profit for the Reporting Period as compared with the previous financial year was
    mainly attributable to the continuous growth in the number of users on pharmaceutical direct
    sales business platforms, the operation refinement of the Group’s business which has enhanced
    its operational efficiency, and the improvement in efficiency and cost sharing driven by the
    economies of scale on the platform.

    To supplement the Group’s consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with
    Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”), the Group has also reported its adjusted
    net profit, which is not required under, or presented in accordance with, HKFRSs, as an
    additional financial indicator. The Group believes that presenting the non-HKFRS indicator
    together with the relevant HKFRS indicator will facilitate investors in comparing its operational
    performance across various periods by removing the potential impact of items which its
    management considers as not indicative of its operational performance. The Group believes
    that the non-HKFRS indicator provides investors and others with helpful information to
    understand and assess its consolidated operational results in the same way as its management
    does. However, the presentation of adjusted net profit may not be comparable with similar
    indicators presented by other companies. Such non-HKFRS indicator has its limitations as an
    analytical tool, and it should not be considered as independent of the operational results or
    financial position presented under HKFRSs, or as a substitute for analyzing the relevant
    operational results or financial position. In addition, the definition of such non-HKFRS Financial
    indicator may differ from the definitions of similar indicators used by other companies.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   19
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     The table below provides the adjustments made to the most direct and comparable financial
     indicator calculated and presented in accordance with HKFRSs (i.e. profit for the year) in
     arriving at the adjusted net profit (a non-HKFRS measure) for the years ended March 31, 2026
     and 2025:

                                                                                        For the year ended
                                                                                             March 31,
                                                                                          2026           2025
                                                                                       RMB’000        RMB’000


     Profit for the year                                                               1,936,342     1,432,014
     Excluding
     — Share-based compensation expenses                                                162,124        224,535
     — Fair value losses/(gain) on equity investments at
          FVPL, net of tax                                                              402,578        (42,847)
     — Gain on deemed disposal of associates, net of tax                               (169,631)        (1,969)
     — Loss/(gain) on partial disposal of associates,
          net of tax                                                                     (40,032)       10,209
     — Impairment of investments in associates, net of tax                               94,478        327,731
     — Gain on partial disposal of FVPL, net of tax                                      (59,681)            —


     Adjusted net profit (non-HKFRS measure)                                           2,326,178     1,949,673




20    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

FINANCIAL RESOURCES, LIQUIDITY AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE
EXPOSURES
For the Reporting Period, the Group met its cash requirements primarily through cash generated
from operating activities. The Group’s cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated
statement of cash flows and cash and bank deposits as stated in the consolidated statement of
financial position mainly comprise cash on hand and at banks and highly liquid time deposits with a
maturity of generally within three months when acquired. As at March 31, 2026 and March 31, 2025,
the Group’s cash and cash equivalents amounted to RMB5,434,097,000 and RMB2,218,296,000,
respectively.

Cash flows of the Group for the years ended March 31, 2026 and 2025 were as follows:

                                                                                         For the year ended
                                                                                              March 31,
                                                                                           2026                     2025
                                                                                        RMB’000                  RMB’000

Net cash flows generated from operating activities                                     1,236,633                1,395,033
Net cash flows generated from/(used in) investing activities                           2,021,028               (2,596,482)
Net cash flows used in financing activities                                              (14,222)                 (72,517)
Net increase/(decrease) in cash and cash equivalents                                   3,243,439               (1,273,966)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                 2,218,296                3,490,169
Effects of exchange rate changes                                                         (27,638)                   2,093
Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the statement of cash
  flows and cash and bank deposits as stated in the statement of
  financial position at the end of the year                                            5,434,097                2,218,296


Net cash flows generated from operating activities

For the Reporting Period, net cash flows generated from operating activities amounted to
RMB1,236,633,000 primarily attributable to profit before income tax from continuing operations of
RMB2,274,220,000, as adjusted for: (i) non-cash or non-operating activities expense items, which
primarily comprised the addition of share-based compensation expenses of RMB162,124,000, the
addition of depreciation and amortization of RMB53,241,000, the addition of losses of financial
assets at FVPL of RMB415,103,000, the deduction of bank interest income of RMB463,430,000, the
addition of impairment of investments in associates of RMB94,478,000, and the deduction of gain on
deemed disposal of associates of RMB226,176,000; (ii) changes in working capital, which primarily
comprised an increase in trade and bills payables of RMB177,393,000, an increase in prepayments,
other receivables and other assets of RMB428,484,000, a decrease in other payables and accruals of
RMB5,892,000, an increase in contract liabilities of RMB157,385,000, an increase in inventories of
RMB564,267,000, and an increase in trade receivables of RMB214,342,000, a decrease in restricted
funds of RMB15,549,000, and a decrease in the payment of Chinese mainland corporate income tax
of RMB332,124,000; and (iii) the addition of receipt of interest of RMB228,205,000.



                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   21
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Net cash flows generated from investing activities

For the Reporting Period, net cash generated from investing activities amounted to RMB2,021,028,000
which was primarily attributable to (i) placement of short-term time deposits with original maturities
over three months when acquired of RMB4,543,687,000; (ii) withdrawal of short-term time deposits
with original maturity over three months when acquired of RMB6,238,510,000; (iii) purchase of
financial assets at fair value through profit or loss of RMB705,947,000; (iv) proceeds from maturity of
short-term structured wealth management products of RMB496,598,000; (v) proceeds from partial
disposal of equity interests in associates of RMB142,543,000 and (vi) receipt of interest income of
RMB227,935,000 during the Reporting Period. As at March 31, 2026, each of such subscription of
placement of time deposits, subscription of short-term structured wealth management products and
disposal of short-term structured wealth management products (both on a standalone and an
aggregated basis) has a value of less than 5% of all applicable percentage ratios of the Group and
none of such products constituted a notifiable transaction of the Company.

Net cash flows used in financing activities

For the Reporting Period, net cash flows used in financing activities was RMB14,222,000, which was
primarily attributable to the principal portion of lease payments of RMB24,978,000 and the payment
of RMB10,756,000 for repurchase of shares of the Company by the trustee of the share award
scheme of the Company during the Reporting Period.

Gearing ratio

As at March 31, 2026, the Group did not have any borrowings, and hence no gearing ratio was
shown (March 31, 2025: Nil).

Charges on assets and contingent liabilities

As at March 31, 2026, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities and had not
pledged any Group assets for bank loans and banking facilities.

Liquidity

The Group’s operations and transactions are principally conducted in the PRC. The Group prudently
managed its treasury functions and maintained a healthy liquidity position throughout the Reporting
Period. The Board closely monitors the Group’s liquidity position to ensure that the liquidity structure
of our assets, liabilities and other commitments can meet the Group’s funding requirements from
time to time.




22    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Foreign exchange exposures

Except for a certain amount of bank balances and cash, most of the Group’s bank balances and
cash are placed in fixed deposits and are denominated in Hong Kong dollars, Renminbi and United
States dollars, while other assets and liabilities are mainly denominated in either Hong Kong dollars
or Renminbi. The Group changed its presentation currency from Hong Kong dollars to Renminbi
starting from the year ended March 31, 2016 to better reflect its operations in the PRC and to be
consistent with the internal reporting portfolio reviewed by the Directors. The Group does not have
foreign exchange hedging policy, but the management will continue to closely monitor exchange
rate fluctuations and will take appropriate measures to keep foreign exchange risk exposure to the
minimum. The Group does not use any financial instruments for hedging purposes.


EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICIES
The number of employees of the Group as at March 31, 2026 was 1,394 (March 31, 2025: 1,364).
Total staff costs of the Group for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB950.8 million (for the
Corresponding Period: RMB1,067.9 million).

The Group’s policy is to maintain a competitive pay structure and its employees are rewarded based
on their performance.

The Group also adopted the 2014 Share Award Scheme (the “2014 Share Award Scheme”) as
approved by the shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholders”) on November 24, 2014 and
amended on August 11, 2023. The Company further adopted the 2024 Share Award Scheme (the
“2024 Share Award Scheme”, together with the 2014 Share Award Scheme, the “Share Award
Schemes”) pursuant to Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules on August 30, 2024, the terms of which are
largely similar in material respects to the terms of the 2014 Share Award Scheme to ensure the
consistent practice of share awards of the Group. Pursuant to the 2024 Share Award Scheme, the
Board may grant awards in the form of restricted share units (“RSUs”) or options to eligible
participants, including the Directors, the directors of the Company’s subsidiaries, the employees of
the Group or any other persons who, as determined by the Board in its absolute discretion, have
contributed or will contribute to the Group.

Upon adoption of the 2024 Share Award Scheme, the 2014 Share Award Scheme was terminated in
order to avoid administrative inconvenience. As such, upon adoption of the 2024 Share Award
Scheme, no further share awards may be offered or granted under the 2014 Share Award Scheme,
but in all other respects the terms of the 2014 Share Award Scheme shall remain in full force and
effect. Further, the outstanding options and RSUs granted pursuant to the 2014 Share Award
Scheme, which remain unvested or which have vested but not yet been exercised or in respect of
which shares not yet issued to the participants at the time of its termination, shall remain in full
force and effect.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   23
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS, MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND
DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
The Company has its own treasury policy setting out the selection guidelines and relevant approval
procedures for acceptable short-term investments and financial assets with reference to its risk
management policy. According to such treasury policy, the Company can invest in products including
non-equity financial asset investments with strong liquidity which can be realized either at any time
or within a short period of time. According to the Company’s prevailing approval procedures, any
investment decision related to financial assets shall be approved by the financial and treasury
manager of the Company, and shall, depending on the size of the investment, be approved by the
financial controller or chief financial officer. As at March 31, 2026, the Company’s short-term
investments at FVPL amounted to approximately RMB300.4 million (balance as at March 31, 2025:
RMB263.6 million).

During the Reporting Period, the Group did not have any significant investments nor did the Group
carry out any material acquisitions and disposals of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.


FINAL DIVIDEND AND SPECIAL DIVIDEND
The Board recommends the payment of a final dividend of RMB5.95 cents per share in cash (the
“Final Dividend”) and a special dividend of RMB13.52 cents per share in cash (the “Special
Dividend”) for the year ended March 31, 2026 (for the year ended March 31, 2025: Final Dividend of
nil per share in cash and Special Dividend of nil per share), subject to approval by the Shareholders
at the forthcoming annual general meeting (the “Annual General Meeting” or “2026 AGM”). If
approved at the Annual General Meeting, the proposed Final Dividend and Special Dividend will be
paid in Hong Kong dollars, such amount to be calculated by reference to the middle rate published
by the People’s Bank of China for the conversion of Renminbi to Hong Kong dollars as at the date of
Annual General Meeting. If approved at the Annual General Meeting, the Final Dividend and the
Special Dividend are expected to be paid on Wednesday, September 2, 2026 to the Shareholders
whose names appear on the Company’s register of members at the close of business on Thursday,
August 13, 2026, being the record date for determining the entitlement of the Shareholders to the
Final Dividend and the Special Dividend.

In order to qualify for the Final Dividend and the Special Dividend (subject to Shareholders’ approval
at the Annual General Meeting), all duly completed transfer documents accompanied by the relevant
share certificates must be lodged for registration with the Company’s Hong Kong branch share
registrar, Tricor Investor Services Limited at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong
Kong, not later than 4:30 p.m. on Thursday, August 13, 2026.




24    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

The Company does not hold any treasury shares (including any treasury shares held or deposited
with the Central Clearing and Settlement System established and operated by Hong Kong Securities
Clearing Company Limited), and treasury shares, if any, would not receive the dividends or
distributions.


SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AFTER THE END OF THE REPORTING PERIOD
There are no significant events of the Group subsequent to March 31, 2026 and up to the date of this
report.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   25
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

The Board of Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited presents its report and the audited
financial statements for the Reporting Period.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company is an investment holding company and the Group is primarily engaged in the
pharmaceutical direct sales business, pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business and healthcare
and digital services business.


BUSINESS REVIEW
Review of Business

A review of the Group’s business is set out in this report, including the principal risks and
uncertainties faced by such business which are described under the paragraph headed “4.
Disclosure of Material Risks” in the section headed “Risk Management and Internal Control” of this
report on pages 98 to 100 and the paragraph headed “Risks associated with the Contractual
Arrangements and the actions taken by the Group to mitigate the risks” in the section headed
“Directors’ Report” of this report on pages 65 to 66, and its possible future development is
described under the paragraph headed “5. Outlook and Key Actions for FY2027” in the section
headed “Risk Management and Internal Control” of this report on page 101.

Analysis of Performance and Financial Position

The key financial figures and financial position of the Group for the Reporting Period and the
relevant analysis are set out under the paragraphs headed “Financial Review” and “Financial
Resources, Liquidity and Foreign Exchange Exposures”, respectively, in the section headed
“Management Discussion and Analysis” of this report on pages 16 to 20 and pages 21 to 23,
respectively.

Environmental Policies and Performance

The Group is committed to promoting environmentally friendly business practices and raising
awareness on the conservation of natural resources. By utilizing intranet systems, our staff can
accomplish some of their administrative work electronically which reduces the use of office supplies.
We also encourage prudent electricity consumption. Our staff are advised to switch off any lights in
unoccupied areas. We believe that taking active measures in minimizing wasteful material and
energy consumption in the course of conducting our business will not only bring economic benefits
but also assist in the preservation of the natural environment.




26    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Compliance with Laws and Regulations

The Group recognizes the importance of compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. Internal
compliance and risk management policies and procedures are in place to ensure the Group’s
adherence and compliance with all significant and applicable legal and regulatory requirements in
Hong Kong and the PRC. During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, to the best
knowledge of the Directors, the Group has complied in all material respects with the applicable laws
and regulations of Hong Kong and the PRC which have a significant impact on the business and
operations of the Group, including in respect of its principal businesses (namely the pharmaceutical
direct sales business, pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business and healthcare and digital
services business), its employment and labor practices and environmental protection, etc. The Group
has also obtained all licenses, approvals and permits from the relevant regulatory authorities that
are material for its business operations in the PRC.

Relationships with Key Stakeholders

The Group’s success depends on the support from the key stakeholders which include its employees,
customers and suppliers.

Employees

Employees are regarded as the most important and valuable assets of the Group. The number of
employees of the Group as at March 31, 2026 was 1,394 (1,364 as at March 31, 2025). The Group’s
policy is to maintain a competitive pay structure and employees are rewarded based on their
performance and with appropriate incentives including cash bonuses and through the use of the
2014 Share Award Scheme and 2024 Share Award Scheme, details of which are set out under the
paragraph headed “Share Award Schemes” in the section headed “Directors’ Report” of this report
on pages 32 to 42.

Customers

The Group believes that effective communications are the key to maintaining a good relationship
with its customers. Various means have been established to strengthen the communications between
the Group and its customers, including seeking more regular feedback through direct engagement
with customers and also through industry seminars and forums for better understanding of industry
trends and demands. The Group continually strives to improve service quality and to provide better
customer experience.

Suppliers

Sound relationships with key suppliers of the Group are important in managing the supply chain,
meeting business challenges and complying with regulatory requirements, which can drive cost
effectiveness and foster long-term business benefits. We seek to develop long-standing relationships
with our key suppliers and to explore with them ways to improve supply chain efficiencies.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   27
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
Details of the Final Dividend and the Special Dividend are set out in the paragraph headed “Final
Dividend and Special Dividend” in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of
this report on pages 24 to 25.

The Group is not aware of any arrangement under which a Shareholder has waived or agreed to
waive any dividend.


SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION
A summary of the published results and assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group
for the last five financial years, as extracted from the audited financial statements and restated as
appropriate, is set out on page 216. This summary does not form part of the audited financial
statements.


SHARE CAPITAL, SHARE OPTIONS AND RSUS
Details of movements in the Company’s share capital, share options and RSUs during the Reporting
Period are set out in notes 28 to 29 to the consolidated financial statements.


PURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE
COMPANY
During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, redeemed
or sold any of the Company’s listed securities (including any sale of treasury shares).

As at March 31, 2026, there were no treasury shares held by the Company.




28    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

ISSUE FOR CASH OF EQUITY SECURITIES
Save for the Options exercised by the relevant grantees under the 2014 Share Award Scheme and
the 2024 Share Award Scheme as disclosed in this report, the Company had not issued any equity
securities (including securities convertible into equity securities) or sold any treasury shares for cash
for the Reporting Period and no other proceeds has been brought forward from any issue of
securities or sale of treasury shares for cash as at March 31, 2026.


DEBENTURES
During the Reporting Period, the Company did not issue any debentures.


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
During the Reporting Period, the Company did not enter into any equity-linked agreements in
respect of its shares.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s bye-laws or the laws of
Bermuda which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro rata basis to the existing
Shareholders.


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
The Company did not have any reserves available for distribution at the end of the Reporting Period.
However, the Company’s share premium account, in the amount of approximately
RMB51,686,866,000, may be distributed in the form of fully paid bonus Shares.




                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   29
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
During the Reporting Period, sales to the Group’s five largest customers accounted for less than 30%
of the total sales for the year, and purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for
less than 30% of the total purchases for the year.


ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE
For the purpose of disclosing the environmental, social and governance (the “ESG”) information in
accordance with the ESG Reporting Guide in Appendix C2 to the Rules Governing the Listing of
Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) (the “Listing
Rules”), the Company has engaged an external consultant to identify material ESG issues of the
Group and assist in the reporting of the Group’s performance based on its ESG management
approach, strategy, priorities and objectives. For details of the Company’s ESG policies and
performance and its compliance with the relevant laws and regulations, please refer to pages 26 to
27 of this report.


DIRECTORS
The Directors during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report were:

Executive Directors:

Mr. SHEN Difan (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer) (appointed as the chairman of
  the Board with effect from December 15, 2025)
Ms. SHENG Mengyue (appointed with effect from close of business on May 15, 2026)
Mr. TU Yanwu (resigned with effect from close of business on May 15, 2026)

Non-executive Directors:

Mr. ZHU Shunyan (resigned as a non-executive Director and the chairman of
  the Board with effect from December 15, 2025)
Ms. HUANG Jiaojiao
Mr. XU Haipeng

Independent Non-executive Directors:

Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa)
Dr. SHAO Rong
Ms. WU May Yihong




30    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Since the date of the annual report on May 19, 2025 for the Corresponding Period and up to the
date of this report, the changes to the information which are required to be disclosed pursuant to
paragraphs (a) to (e) and (g) of Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules are set out below:

With effect from December 15, 2025, Mr. Shen Difan has been appointed as the chairman of the
Board and the chairman of the nomination committee of the Company. For details, please refer to
the announcement of the Company dated December 15, 2025.

Dr. Shao Rong has served as an independent director of Hainan Haiyao Co., Ltd. (海南海藥股份有限
公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000566) since July 2025.

Ms. Wu May Yihong has been an independent director of Trip.com Group Limited, the shares of
which are listed on NASDAQ (stock symbol: TCOM) and the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock
code: 9961), since February 2026.

Save as disclosed above, there were no other changes in information in respect of Directors and
chief executive which are required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.

In accordance with bye-law 84(1) and (2) of the bye-laws of the Company (the “Bye-Laws”),
Ms. Huang Yifei (Vanessa), Dr. Shao Rong and Ms. Wu May Yihong will retire at the 2026 AGM. All of
them being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the 2026 AGM. In accordance with
bye-law 83(2) of the Bye-Laws, Ms. Sheng Mengyue, who was appointed as an executive Director
with effect from close of business on May 15, 2026, shall hold office only until the 2026 AGM. Being
eligible, Ms. Sheng will offer herself for re-election at the 2026 AGM.

The non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors are appointed for a term of
one year. Their appointment shall be renewable automatically for successive terms of one year each
commencing from the next day after the expiry of the then current term of their appointment unless
terminated by the Company in accordance with the terms of their appointment letters and the
provisions of the Bye-Laws, respectively.

During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, (i) the Company had three
independent non-executive Directors representing at least one-third of the Board; and (ii) the
composition of each of the Board, the Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee was fully
compliant with Rule 3.10(1), Rule 3.10A, Rule 3.21 and Rule 3.25 of the Listing Rules. The Company
has received, from each of the independent non-executive Directors, an annual confirmation of her
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and accordingly considers them to be
independent.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   31
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S BIOGRAPHIES
Biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Group are set out on pages
72 to 75 of this report.


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
No Director proposed for re-election at the 2026 AGM has a service contract with the Company which
is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation, other than
statutory compensation.


DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
The emoluments of the Directors are determined having regard to the Company’s operating results,
individual performance and comparable market statistics. The details of the Directors’ emoluments
are set out in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements in this report. During the Reporting
Period, there was no arrangement under which a Director waived or agreed to waive any
remuneration and no remuneration was paid by the Group to a Director as an inducement to join or
upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

The Directors are also eligible to be granted share awards under the Share Award Schemes. The
details of the schemes are set out in the paragraph headed “Share Award Schemes” in the section
headed “Directors’ Report” of this report on pages 32 to 42 and note 29 to the consolidated
financial statements.


SHARE AWARD SCHEMES
The Company adopted the 2014 Share Award Scheme as approved by the shareholders of the
Company on November 24, 2014 and amended on August 11, 2023, which was terminated upon the
adoption of 2024 Share Award Scheme with effect from August 30, 2024. No further share award has
been or may be offered or granted under the 2014 Share Award Scheme since its termination but in
all other respects its terms shall remain in full force and effect. Further, the outstanding Options and
RSUs granted pursuant to the 2014 Share Award Scheme, which remain unvested or which have
vested but not yet been exercised or in respect of which shares not yet issued to the participants at
the time of its termination, shall remain in full force and effect.

The Company has adopted the 2024 Share Award Scheme pursuant to Chapter 17 of the Listing
Rules on August 30, 2024 (the “Adoption Date”), the terms of which are largely similar in material
respects to the terms of the 2014 Share Award Scheme to ensure the consistent practice of share
awards of the Group (the “Share Awards”). For further details, please refer to the circular of the
Company dated July 30, 2024.




32    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT

The following is a summary of the principal terms of the 2014 Share Award Scheme and the 2024
Share Award Scheme:

                            2014 Share Award Scheme                        2024 Share Award Scheme


1.   Purpose                To enable the Company to grant Share Awards (which may take the
                            form of an Option and/or an RSU) to eligible Participants, as
                            incentives and/or rewards for their contribution to the Group, to
                            reward the personnel who have contributed to the development and
                            success of the Group, to incentivize them to remain with the Group, to
                            motivate them to strive for the future development and expansion of
                            the Group and to attract skilled and experienced personnel for further
                            development and expansion of the Group by providing them with the
                            opportunity to acquire equity interests in the Company.

2.   Participants           The participants under the 2014 Share Award Scheme and the 2024
                            Share Award Scheme (the “Eligible Participants”) shall include:

                            (i)   directors and full-time and part-time employees of the Group
                                  (including persons who are granted Share Awards as an
                                  inducement to enter into employment contracts with any member
                                  of the Group);

                            (ii) directors and employees of the holding companies, fellow
                                 subsidiaries or associated companies of the Company (including
                                 Alibaba Group); and

                            (iii) any persons who provide services to the Group on a continuing or
                                  recurring basis in its ordinary and usual course of business that
                                  are beneficial to the long-term development of the Group (the
                                  “Service Providers”), including: (a) suppliers of services to any
                                  member of the Group; and (b) advisors (professional or
                                  otherwise) or consultants to any area of business or business
                                  development of any member of the Group. For the avoidance of
                                  doubt, the Service Providers shall exclude placing agents or
                                  financial advisers providing advisory services to the Group for
                                  fundraising, mergers or acquisitions and professional service
                                  providers such as auditors or valuers who provide assurance or
                                  are required to perform their services to the Group with
                                  impartiality and objectivity.

                            The eligibility of any of the participants shall be determined by the
                            Board from time to time on the basis of the Board’s opinion as to
                            his/her contribution and/or future contribution to the development
                            and growth of the Group.




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   33
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                                           2014 Share Award Scheme                      2024 Share Award Scheme


3.   Total number of shares                As at the date of this report, the           The total number of Shares that
     available for issue under             total number of shares available             may be issued in respect of the
     the scheme together                   for issue (being the Options and             Share Awards granted under the
     with the percentage of                RSUs granted and remained                    2024 Share Award Scheme shall
     the issued shares                     outstanding) under the 2014                  not exceed 10% of the Shares in
     (excluding treasury                   Share Award Scheme was                       issue as at the date of adoption of
     shares) that it represents            84,546,456 Shares which                      the 2024 Share Award Scheme (i.e.
     as at the date of this                represented approximately                    1,609,173,626 Shares) (the
     report                                0.52% of the total number of                 “Scheme Mandate Limit”) or 10%
                                           ordinary shares of the Company               of the Shares in issue as at the
                                           in issue as at the date of this              date of approving any refreshed
                                           report.                                      scheme mandate limit.

                                                                                        The total number of Shares that
                                                                                        may be issued in respect of the
                                                                                        Share Awards granted to the
                                                                                        Service Providers under the 2024
                                                                                        Share Award Scheme shall not
                                                                                        exceed 1% of the Shares in issue
                                                                                        as at the date of adoption of the
                                                                                        2024 Share Award Scheme (i.e.
                                                                                        160,917,362 Shares) (the “Service
                                                                                        Provider Sublimit”) or 1% of the
                                                                                        Shares in issue as at the date of
                                                                                        approving any refreshed Service
                                                                                        Provider Sublimit.

                                                                                        As at the date of this report, the
                                                                                        total number of shares available
                                                                                        for issue under the 2024 Share
                                                                                        Award Scheme was 50,702,793
                                                                                        Shares which represented
                                                                                        approximately 0.31% of the total
                                                                                        number of ordinary shares of the
                                                                                        Company in issue as at the date of
                                                                                        this report.




34     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                              2014 Share Award Scheme                        2024 Share Award Scheme


4.   Maximum entitlement of   The maximum number of Shares                   The maximum number of Shares
     each participant         issued and to be issued and/or                 issued and to be issued (and,
                              transferred and to be                          together with the treasury Shares
                              transferred upon the vesting or                to be transferred, as applicable)
                              exercise of the Share Awards                   upon the vesting or exercise of the
                              granted to each Eligible                       Share Awards granted to each
                              Participant pursuant to the Share              Eligible Participant pursuant to the
                              Award Scheme (including all                    Share Award Scheme (including all
                              vested, exercised and                          vested, exercised and outstanding
                              outstanding Share Awards and                   Share Awards and excluding all
                              excluding all Share Awards                     Share Awards lapsed in
                              lapsed in accordance with the                  accordance with the terms of the
                              terms of the 2014 Share Award                  2024 Share Award Scheme) in any
                              Scheme) in any 12-month period                 12-month period up to and
                              up to and including the date of                including the date of grant shall
                              grant shall not (when                          not (when aggregated with any
                              aggregated with any Shares                     Shares underlying the awards
                              underlying the awards granted                  granted during such period
                              during such period pursuant to                 pursuant to any other share award
                              any other share award schemes                  schemes of the Company) exceed
                              of the Company) exceed 1% of                   1% of the Shares in issue as at the
                              the Shares in issue as at the                  date of grant. Any further grant of
                              date of grant. Any further grant               options in excess of this 1% limit
                              of options in excess of this 1%                must be separately approved by
                              limit must be separately                       Shareholders in general meeting
                              approved by Shareholders in                    with such Eligible Participant and
                              general meeting with such                      his/her close associates (or his/her
                              Eligible Participant and his/her               associates if the Participant is a
                              close associates (or his/her                   connected person) abstaining from
                              associates if the Participant is a             voting. The Company must send a
                              connected person) abstaining                   circular to Shareholders containing
                              from voting. The Company must                  the relevant information as
                              send a circular to Shareholders                required under the Listing Rules.
                              containing the relevant
                              information as required under
                              the Listing Rules.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   35
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                                           2014 Share Award Scheme                      2024 Share Award Scheme


5.   Exercise period of                    An Option may be exercised at any time during the period to be
     Options                               determined by the Board and notified to the grantee in the offer
                                           made to such grantee by notice (the “Notice of Grant”), which period
                                           shall commence on the vesting date and shall expire no later than
                                           ten years from the date of grant or such other period as may be
                                           determined by the Board in accordance with the terms of the 2014
                                           Share Award Scheme or the 2024 Share Award Scheme (as the case
                                           may be) and the terms on which the Option was granted.

6.   Vesting period of Share               The Board or the remuneration committee of the Company (the
     Awards                                “Remuneration Committee”) (as the case may be) is entitled to
                                           impose any terms and conditions as it deems appropriate in its
                                           absolute discretion with respect to the entitlement and/or vesting of
                                           the Share Awards provided that the vesting period for the Share
                                           Awards shall not be less than 12 months unless under the specific
                                           circumstances as set out below: (a) granting Share Awards to new
                                           employees to replace the share awards they forfeited (the “Forfeited
                                           Awards”) when leaving their previous employers. The vesting period
                                           for such Share Awards will be the same as the vesting period of the
                                           Forfeited Awards (which may be less than 12 months); (b) granting
                                           Share Awards to an Eligible Participant whose employment or service
                                           (as the case may be) was terminated due to death, disability or event
                                           of force majeure; (c) granting Share Awards which are subject to the
                                           fulfilment of performance targets (as opposed to time-based
                                           conditions); (d) granting Share Awards the timing of which is
                                           determined by administrative or compliance requirements not
                                           connected with the performance of the Eligible Participant, in which
                                           case the vesting date may be adjusted to take account of the date on
                                           which an offer of a Share Award is made to the Eligible Participant, if
                                           not for such administrative or compliance requirements; (e) granting
                                           Share Awards with a mixed vesting schedule such that the Share
                                           Awards would vest evenly over a period of 12 months; or (f) granting
                                           Share Awards with a total vesting and holding period of more than
                                           12 months.

7.   Consideration for                     The Company may, in its discretion, require the grantee to pay a
     acceptance                            remittance of HK$1.00 (or such other amount in any other currency as
                                           the Board may determine) as consideration for the grant of a Share
                                           Award within the time period as set out in the Notice of Grant. Such
                                           remittance is not refundable in any circumstances.




36     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                                 2014 Share Award Scheme                       2024 Share Award Scheme


8.   Basis of determining the    The exercise price of an Option shall be determined at the date of
     exercise price of Options   grant by the Board in its absolute discretion but in any event shall not
     and purchase price of       be less than the highest of: (a) the closing price of the Shares as
     Share Awards                stated in the daily quotations sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on
                                 the date of grant, which must be a business day; (b) the average
                                 closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotation sheets
                                 issued by the Stock Exchange for the five Business Days immediately
                                 preceding the date of grant; and (c) the nominal value of the Share.

                                 The Board and the Remuneration Committee may determine and
                                 specify the purchase price of the RSUs (if any) in the Notice of Grant,
                                 which shall be based on considerations such as the prevailing market
                                 price of the Shares, the purpose of the RSU and the characteristics
                                 and profile of the relevant Participant.

9.   Remaining life              The 2014 Share Award Scheme                   The 2024 Share Award Scheme
                                 was terminated upon adoption                  shall be valid and effective for a
                                 of the 2024 Share Award                       period of ten (10) years
                                 Scheme with effect from August                commencing from the Adoption
                                 30, 2024.                                     Date, which shall remain in effect
                                                                               until August 29, 2034.

As at April 1, 2025, no further Share Awards may be offered or granted under the 2014 Share
Award Scheme as the 2014 Share Award Scheme was terminated on August 30, 2024.

As at April 1, 2025, Share Awards in respect of a total of 1,601,341,326 and 160,917,362 underlying
Shares, which represent approximately 9.95% and 1.00% of the Company’s total issued shares as at
April 1, 2025, remain available to be granted under the Scheme Mandate Limit and Service
Provider Sublimit, respectively under the 2024 Share Award Scheme.

As at March 31, 2026, Share Awards in respect of a total of 1,546,611,526 and 160,917,362
underlying Shares, which represent approximately 9.56% and 0.99% of the Company’s total issued
shares as at March 31, 2026, remain available to be granted under the Scheme Mandate Limit and
Service Provider Sublimit, respectively under the 2024 Share Award Scheme.

The number of shares of the Company that may be issued (and, together with treasury shares that
may be transferred, as applicable) in respect of the Options and RSUs granted under the 2014
Share Award Scheme and the 2024 Share Award Scheme during the Reporting Period divided by
the weighted average number of the shares of the Company in issue (excluding treasury shares)
for the Reporting Period is 0.33%.




                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   37
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Details of the Options and RSUs granted during the Reporting Period and/or outstanding as at
March 31, 2026 under the 2014 Share Award Scheme are as below:

                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Number of
                                 Number of                                                                                                                                                                                     shares
                                     shares                                                                                                                                                                               represented
                             represented by                                                                                                                                                     Options or                 by Options
                            Options or RSUs                                                                                                                                                           RSUs                    or RSUs
                                outstanding                                                                                                                                           Options      lapsed/        RSUs    outstanding
Name of Option                         as at   Date of grant/        Granted during                                                                                                 exercised    cancelled       vested          as at
holders/grantees                  March 31,    conditional            the Reporting                                                                         Purchase    Exercise   during the   during the   during the     March 31,
of RSU           Nature                2025    grant                         Period   Vesting period           Exercise period         Performance target       price      price       period       period       period          2026
                                                                                                                                                               (HK$)      (HK$)


Mr. SHEN Difan    Options           336,750    June 15, 2021                     —    Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                       Nil    18.212            —            —            —        336,750
                                                                                         June 15, 2021            June 15, 2021
                  Options          1,062,750   June 15, 2022                     —    Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                       Nil     4.920            —            —            —      1,062,750
                                                                                         June 15, 2022            June 15, 2022
                  Options          1,302,750   June 15, 2023                     —    Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                       Nil     5.160            —            —            —      1,302,750
                                                                                         June 15, 2023            June 15, 2023
                  Options          1,959,200   June 14, 2024                     —    Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                       Nil     3.720            —            —            —      1,959,200
                                                                                         June 14, 2024            June 14, 2024
                  RSUs               33,675    June 15, 2021                     —    Within four years from   —                       None                       Nil         —            —            —        33,675             —
                                                                                         June 15, 2021
                  RSUs              212,550    June 15, 2022                     —    Within four years from   —                       None                       Nil         —            —            —      106,275        106,275
                                                                                         June 15, 2022
                  RSUs              390,825    June 15, 2023                     —    Within four years from   —                       None                       Nil         —            —            —      130,275        260,550
                                                                                         June 15, 2023
                  RSUs              783,700    June 14, 2024                     —    Within four years        —                       None                       Nil         —            —            —      195,925        587,775
                                                                                         from June 14, 2024
Total             Options         4,661,450    —                                 —    —                        —                       —                           —          —            —            —            —      4,661,450
                  RSUs            1,420,750    —                                 —    —                        —                       —                           —          —            —            —      466,150        954,600

Mr. TU Yanwu      Options           145,000    June 15, 2020                     —    Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                       Nil    19.940            —            —            —        145,000
                                                                                         June 15, 2020            June 15, 2020
                  Options            67,250    June 15, 2021                     —    Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                       Nil    18.212            —            —            —         67,250
                                                                                         June 15, 2021            June 15, 2021
                  Options           283,250    June 15, 2022                     —    Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                       Nil     4.920            —            —            —        283,250
                                                                                         June 15, 2022            June 15, 2022
                  Options           255,750    June 15, 2023                     —    Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                       Nil     5.160            —            —            —        255,750
                                                                                         June 15, 2023            June 15, 2023
                  RSUs                6,725    June 15, 2021                     —    Within four years from   —                       None                       Nil         —            —            —         6,725             —
                                                                                         June 15, 2021
                  RSUs               56,650    June 15, 2022                     —    Within four years from   —                       None                       Nil         —            —            —        28,325        28,325
                                                                                         June 15, 2022
                  RSUs               76,725    June 15, 2023                     —    Within four years from   —                       None                       Nil         —            —            —        25,575        51,150
                                                                                         June 15, 2023
                  RSUs              696,600    June 14, 2024(1)(2)               —    Within four years from   —                       None                       Nil         —            —            —      174,150        522,450
                                                                                         June 14, 2024
Total             Options           751,250    —                                 —    —                        —                       —                           —          —            —            —            —        751,250
                  RSUs              836,700    —                                 —    —                        —                       —                           —          —            —            —      234,775        601,925

Mr. ZHU Shunyan Options            2,900,000   June 15, 2020                     —    Within six years from    Within ten years from   None                       Nil    19.940            —            —            —      2,900,000
                                                                                         June 15, 2020            June 15, 2020
                  Options           421,250    June 15, 2021                     —    Within six years from    Within ten years from   None                       Nil    18.212            —        70,209           —        351,041
                                                                                         June 15, 2021            June 15, 2021
                  Options          1,290,125   June 15, 2022                     —    Within six years from    Within ten years from   None                       Nil     4.920            —      430,041            —        860,084
                                                                                         June 15, 2022            June 15, 2022
                  Options          1,381,250   June 15, 2023                     —    Within six years from    Within ten years from   None                       Nil     5.160            —      690,624            —        690,626
                                                                                         June 15, 2023            June 15, 2023
                  Options          1,741,500   June 14, 2024                     —    Within six years from    Within ten years from   None                       Nil     3.720            —     1,161,000           —        580,500
                                                                                         June 14, 2024            June 14, 2024
                  RSUs               84,251    June 15, 2021                     —    Within six years from    —                       None                       Nil         —            —        28,084       56,167             —
                                                                                         June 15, 2021
                  RSUs              344,032    June 15, 2022                     —    Within six years from    —                       None                       Nil         —            —      172,016      172,016              —
                                                                                         June 15, 2022
                  RSUs              460,416    June 15, 2023                     —    Within six years from    —                       None                       Nil         —            —      276,249      184,167              —
                                                                                         June 15, 2023
                  RSUs              696,600    June 14, 2024(1)(2)               —    Within six years from    —                       None                       Nil         —            —      464,400      232,200              —
                                                                                         June 14, 2024
Total             Options         7,734,125    —                                 —    —                        —                       —                           —          —            —    2,351,874            —      5,382,251
                  RSUs            1,585,299    —                                 —    —                        —                       —                           —          —            —      940,749      644,550              —




38               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Number of
                                  Number of                                                                                                                                                                                     shares
                                      shares                                                                                                                                                                               represented
                              represented by                                                                                                                                                     Options or                 by Options
                             Options or RSUs                                                                                                                                                           RSUs                    or RSUs
                                 outstanding                                                                                                                                           Options      lapsed/        RSUs    outstanding
Name of Option                          as at   Date of grant/      Granted during                                                                                                   exercised    cancelled       vested          as at
holders/grantees                   March 31,    conditional          the Reporting                                                                           Purchase    Exercise   during the   during the   during the     March 31,
of RSU           Nature                 2025    grant                       Period   Vesting period             Exercise period         Performance target       price      price       period       period       period          2026
                                                                                                                                                                (HK$)      (HK$)


Three of the five Options            134,750    June 15, 2021                   —    Within four years from     Within ten years from   None                       Nil    18.212            —            —            —        134,750
   highest paid                                                                         June 15, 2021              June 15, 2021
   employees of Options              835,874    June 15, 2022                   —    Within four years from     Within ten years from   None                       Nil     4.920      152,313            —            —        683,561
   the Group                                                                            June 15, 2022              June 15, 2022
                  Options            443,000    June 15, 2023                   —    Over one to four years     Within ten years from   None                       Nil     5.160            —            —            —        443,000
                                                                                        from June 15, 2023         June 15, 2023
                  RSUs                51,200    June 15, 2021                   —    Within four years from     —                       None                        —          —            —            —        51,200             —
                                                                                        June 15, 2021
                  RSUs               228,100    June 15, 2022                   —    Within four years from     —                       None                        —          —            —            —      114,050        114,050
                                                                                        June 15, 2022
                  RSUs               523,725    June 15, 2023                   —    Within four years from     —                       None                        —          —            —            —      174,575        349,150
                                                                                        June 15, 2023
                  RSUs              6,826,800   June 14, 2024                   —    Within four years from     —                       None                        —          —            —            —     3,099,925     3,726,875
                                                                                        June 14, 2024
Total             Options          1,413,624    —                               —    —                          —                       —                           —          —      152,313            —            —      1,261,311
                  RSUs             7,629,825    —                               —    —                          —                       —                           —          —            —            —    3,439,750      4,190,075

Employees of the Options             483,000    September 7, 2015               —    From October 10, 2015      Within ten years from   None                       Nil     5.184      483,000            —            —              —
  Group                                                                                 to October 10, 2019        September 7, 2015
  (including       Options           132,000    April 28, 2016                  —    From October 10, 2017      Within ten years from   None                       Nil     5.320        56,000           —            —         76,000
  employees of                                                                          to April 30, 2020          April 28, 2016
  the affiliate of Options           815,500    July 29, 2016                   —    From October 10, 2016      Within ten years from   None                       Nil     5.558      311,250            —            —        504,250
  the Group                                                                             to July 31, 2020           July 29, 2016
  and three of Options                72,000    February 2, 2017                —    From January 31, 2019      Within ten years from   None                       Nil     3.626        72,000           —            —              —
  the five                                                                              to January 31, 2021        February 2, 2017
  highest paid Options               417,250    August 3, 2017                  —    From July 31, 2018         Within ten years from   None                       Nil     3.686        75,250           —            —        342,000
  employees of                                                                          to July 31, 2021           August 3, 2017
  the Group)
                   Options            70,000    October 10, 2017                —    From October 10, 2018      Within ten years from   None                       Nil     4.400        70,000           —            —              —
                                                                                        to October 10, 2021        October 10, 2017
                  Options           1,227,500   June 15, 2020                   —    Within four years from     Within ten years from   None                       Nil    19.940            —            —            —      1,227,500
                                                                                        June 15, 2020              June 15, 2020
                  Options            119,000    September 15,                   —    Within four years from     Within ten years from   None                       Nil    18.660            —            —            —        119,000
                                                   2020                                 September 15, 2020         September 15, 2020
                  Options            669,500    June 15, 2021                   —    Within four years from     Within ten years from   None                       Nil    18.212            —            —            —        669,500
                                                                                        June 15, 2021              June 15, 2021
                  Options            562,500    March 15, 2022                  —    Within four years from     Within ten years from   None                       Nil     4.240      562,500            —            —              —
                                                                                        March 15, 2022             March 15, 2022
                  Options           2,026,061   June 15, 2022                   —    Within four years from     Within ten years from   None                       Nil     4.920      508,125            —            —      1,517,936
                                                                                        June 15, 2022              June 15, 2022
                  Options           2,104,438   June 15, 2023                   —    Over one to four years     Within ten years from   None                       Nil     5.160      259,625            —            —      1,844,813
                                                                                        from June 15, 2023         June 15, 2023
                  Options            155,925    December 15,                    —    Within three years and     Within ten years from   None                       Nil     4.380        51,975           —            —        103,950
                                                   2023                                 nine months from           December 15, 2023
                                                                                        December 15, 2023
                  RSUs              2,299,000   June 15, 2021                   —    Within four years from     —                       None                       Nil         —            —        57,125    2,241,875             —
                                                                                        June 15, 2021
                  RSUs               922,675    September 15,                   —    Within four years from     —                       None                       Nil         —            —        61,750     860,925              —
                                                   2021                                 September 15, 2021
                  RSUs               108,250    December 15,                    —    Within four years from     —                       None                       Nil         —            —            —      108,250              —
                                                   2021                                 December 15, 2021
                  RSUs                88,750    March 15, 2022                  —    Within four years from     —                       None                       Nil         —            —        50,000       38,750             —
                                                                                        March 15, 2022
                  RSUs            17,839,924    June 15, 2022                   —    Within four years from     —                       None                       Nil         —            —     1,466,400    8,612,563     7,760,961
                                                                                        June 15, 2022
                  RSUs              1,660,900   September 15,                   —    Within one to four years   —                       None                       Nil         —            —      114,300      792,350        754,250
                                                   2022                                 from September 15,
                                                                                        2022
                  RSUs                45,000    December 15,                    —    Within four years from     —                       None                       Nil         —            —            —        22,500        22,500
                                                   2022                                 December 15, 2022




                                                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report                                                    39
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                                                                                                                                                                                                                Number of
                                Number of                                                                                                                                                                           shares
                                    shares                                                                                                                                                                     represented
                            represented by                                                                                                                                           Options or                 by Options
                           Options or RSUs                                                                                                                                                 RSUs                    or RSUs
                               outstanding                                                                                                                                 Options      lapsed/        RSUs    outstanding
Name of Option                        as at   Date of grant/   Granted during                                                                                            exercised    cancelled       vested          as at
holders/grantees                 March 31,    conditional       the Reporting                                                                    Purchase    Exercise   during the   during the   during the     March 31,
of RSU           Nature               2025    grant                    Period   Vesting period            Exercise period   Performance target       price      price       period       period       period          2026
                                                                                                                                                    (HK$)      (HK$)


                 RSUs               50,000    March 15, 2023               —    Over one to four years    —                 None                       Nil         —            —            —        25,000        25,000
                                                                                   from March 15, 2023
                 RSUs           24,032,825    June 15, 2023                —    Over one to four years    —                 None                       Nil         —            —     2,099,400    7,972,625    13,960,800
                                                                                   from June 15, 2023
                 RSUs              750,500    September 15,                —    Over one to four years    —                 50% of the RSUs            Nil         —            —        15,000      375,250       360,250
                                                 2023                              from September 15,                         granted to a
                                                                                   2023                                       grantee are
                                                                                                                              subject to
                                                                                                                              performance
                                                                                                                              target
                 RSUs             2,216,675   December 15,                 —    Within four years/three   —                 None                       Nil         —            —        84,000      876,325     1,256,350
                                                 2023                              years and nine
                                                                                   months from
                                                                                   December 15, 2023
                 RSUs             1,673,600   March 15, 2024               —    Over two to four years    —                 None                       Nil         —            —            —       836,800       836,800
                                                                                   from March 15, 2024
                 RSUs           62,080,100    June 14, 2024                —    Within four years from    —                 None                       Nil         —            —     4,304,974   16,962,006    40,813,120
                                                                                   June 14, 2024
Total            Options         8,854,674    —                            —    —                         —                 —                           —          —    2,449,725            —             —     6,404,949
                 RSUs          113,768,199    —                            —    —                         —                 —                           —          —            —    8,252,949    39,725,219    65,790,031




40            ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                                                                                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Details of the Options and RSUs granted during the Reporting Period and/or outstanding as at
March 31, 2026 under the 2024 Share Award Scheme are as below:

                                                                                                                                                                                                                     Number of
                                  Number of                                                                                                                                                                               shares
                                       shares                                                                                                                                                                       represented
                                 represented                                                                                                                                                  Options              by options or
                                by options or                                                                                                                        Options Options or       or RSUs                      RSUs
                                        RSUs                       Granted                                                                                         exercised RSUs lapsed    cancelled RSUs vested outstanding
Name of                          outstanding    Date of grant/   during the                                                                                       during the during the    during the during the           as at
option holders/                  as at March    conditional       Reporting                            Exercise       Performance      Purchase        Exercise    Reporting Reporting      Reporting Reporting       March 31,
grantees of RSU       Nature        31, 2025    grant                Period Vesting period             period         target               price          price     Period(3)     Period       Period    Period(3)          2026
                                                                                                                                          (HK$)          (HK$)


Mr. SHEN Difan        Options              —    June 13,          1,701,000 Within four                Within ten     None                   Nil         4.624            —           —            —            —      1,701,000
                                                   2025(1)                     years from                 years
                                                                               December 15,               from June
                                                                               2025                       13, 2025
                      RSUs                 —    June 13,            680,400 Over one to four           —              None                   Nil             —            —           —            —        85,050       595,350
                                                   2025(1)                     years from June
                                                                               13, 2025
Total                 Options              —    —                 1,701,000 —                          —              —                       —              —            —           —            —            —      1,701,000
                      RSUs                 —    —                   680,400 —                          —              —                       —              —            —           —            —       85,050        595,350

Mr. TU Yanwu          RSUs                 —    June 13,           453,600 Over one to four            —              None                   Nil             —            —           —            —        56,700       396,900
                                                   2025(1)                    years from June
                                                                              13, 2025
Total                 RSUs                                         453,600 —                           —              —                       —              —            —           —            —       56,700       396,900

Three of the five     RSUs                 —    June 13,          2,290,700 Over one to four           —              None                   Nil             —            —           —            —       229,638     2,061,062
   highest paid                                    2025(1)                     years from June
   employees of the                                                            13, 2025
   Group

Total                 RSUs                 —    —                 2,290,700 —                          —              —                       —              —            —           —            —      229,638      2,061,062

Employees of the     RSUs           3,971,100   September 13,              — Over one to four          —              None                   Nil             —            —           —     1,512,394      735,906     1,722,800
  Group (including                                 2024                         years from
  employees of the                                                              September 13,
  affiliate of the                                                              2024
  Group and three of
  the five highest
  paid employees of
  the Group)
                     RSUs           2,648,600   December 13,              — (i) In four equal          —              None                   Nil             —            —           —      137,475       422,800     2,088,325
                                                   2024                          batches with the
                                                                                 25% of the RSUs
                                                                                 with the first
                                                                                 batch to vest on
                                                                                 September 15,
                                                                                 2025, and with
                                                                                 each of the
                                                                                 remaining three
                                                                                 batches to vest
                                                                                 on September
                                                                                 15 every year
                                                                                 thereafter; or (ii)
                                                                                 within two to
                                                                                 four years
                      RSUs          1,095,200   March 14,                 — Over two to four           —              None                   Nil             —            —           —       20,800            —      1,074,400
                                                  2025                           years from
                                                                                 March 14, 2025
                      RSUs                 —    June 13,         43,548,300 Over one to four           —              Certain                Nil             —            —           —     2,385,823    5,942,234    35,220,243
                                                   2025(1)                       years from June                        grantees are
                                                                                 13, 2025                               subject to
                                                                                                                        performance
                                                                                                                        targets
                      RSUs                 —    September 15,       949,000 Over two to four           —              None                   Nil             —            —           —            —       156,125       792,875
                                                   2025(2)                     years from
                                                                               September 15,
                                                                               2025
                      RSUs                 —    December 16,      3,515,900 Over four years            —              None                   Nil             —            —           —      286,600            —      3,229,300
                                                   2025(3)                     from December
                                                                               16, 2025
                      RSUs                 —    March 13,         3,881,600 Over four years            —              None                   Nil             —            —           —            —            —      3,881,600
                                                  2026(4)                      from March 13,
                                                                               2026
Total                 RSUs         7,714,900    —                51,894,800                            —              —                            —         —            —           —    4,343,092    7,257,065     48,009,543



                                                                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report                                                    41
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Notes:

(1)      The closing price per share is HK$4.75 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on June 12,
         2025, being the trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(2)      The closing price per share is HK$7.01 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on September
         12, 2025, being the trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(3)      The closing price per share is HK$5.22 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on December
         15, 2025, being the trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(4)      The closing price per share is HK$5.10 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on March
         12, 2026, being the trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(5)      The fair value of the RSUs as at the date of grant during the Reporting Period on June 13, 2025, September 15, 2025,
         December 16, 2025 and March 13, 2026 was HK$4.60 per share, HK$6.94 per share, HK$5.14 per share and HK$5.02 per
         share, respectively. The fair value of the RSUs was determined based on the market value of the Company’s shares at
         the respective grant date.


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
As at March 31, 2026, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive in the
share capital and underlying shares of the Company or its associated corporations (within the
meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”), as recorded in the register
required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to
the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by
Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules, were as
follows:

Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company

                                                  Number of ordinary shares and underlying shares held,
                                                             capacity and nature of interest
                                                                                                             Approximate
                                                                                                               percentage
                                                                                                                    of the
                                                                                            Total interest     Company’s
Name of Director                    Nature of interest                                          in shares    share capital


Mr. SHEN Difan                      Beneficial owner and equity derivative                      9,761,750              0.06%#
                                      interests(1)
Mr. TU Yanwu(2)                     Beneficial owner and equity derivative                      2,789,089              0.02%#
                                      interests(2)




42         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Notes:

(1)      Mr. SHEN Difan beneficially held 1,849,350 ordinary shares and subject to vesting, is interested in 7,912,400 shares
         underlying 6,362,450 options and 1,549,950 RSUs granted to him in accordance with the Share Award Schemes.


(2)      Mr. TU Yanwu beneficially held 1,039,014 ordinary shares and subject to vesting, is interested in 1,750,075 shares
         underlying 751,250 options and 998,825 RSUs granted to him in accordance with the Share Award Schemes. Mr. Tu
         ceased to be a Director with effect from close of business on May 15, 2026.

#
         Based on a total of 16,175,300,965 shares of the Company in issue as at March 31, 2026.


Long positions in shares and underlying shares of Alibaba Holding, an associated corporation
of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO

                                                                                                               Approximate
                                                                                                   Number of percentage of
                                                                                                      shares/ issued shares
                                                                                                   underlying of associated
Name of Director                 Nature of interest                                              shares held*    corporation


Mr. SHEN Difan                   Beneficial owner, equity derivative interests                           137,437                    0.00%#
                                   and interests of spouse(1)
Mr. TU Yanwu(2)                  Beneficial owner and equity derivative                                    13,064                   0.00%#
                                   interests(2)
Ms. HUANG Jiaojiao               Beneficial owner and equity derivative                                  170,456                    0.00%#
                                   interests(3)
Mr. XU Haipeng                   Beneficial owner, equity derivative interests                             92,635                   0.00%#
                                   and interests of spouse(4)

Notes:

(1)      These interests represented 26,000 ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares beneficially held by Mr. SHEN Difan and
         111,437 ordinary shares or underlying shares held by his spouse.


(2)      These interests represented 3,464 ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares and 1,200* restricted share units
         (representing 9,600 ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares) beneficially held by Mr. TU Yanwu. Mr. Tu ceased to
         be a Director with effect from close of business on May 15, 2026.


(3)      These interests represented 2,114 ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares, 41,438 restricted share units, and 15,863*
         restricted share units (representing 126,904 ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares) beneficially held by Ms.
         HUANG Jiaojiao.




                                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   43
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(4)   These interests represented 33,693 ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares, 5,338* restricted share units
      (representing 42,704 ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares), and 15,438 restricted share units beneficially held
      by Mr. XU Haipeng and 800 ordinary shares or underlying shares held by his spouse.


*     Alibaba Holding approved to effect a one-to-eight share subdivision of its ordinary shares (the “Share Subdivision”) at
      the annual general meeting held on July 15, 2019. The Share Subdivision was effective on July 30, 2019. Accordingly,
      Alibaba Holding has changed its ratio of American depositary shares to ordinary shares from 1:1 to 1:8. The ratio of
      restricted share units to ordinary shares of Alibaba Holding has also changed from 1:1 to 1:8.

#
      Based on a total of 19,134,051,238 ordinary shares of Alibaba Holding in issue as at March 31, 2026.


Save as disclosed above, as at March 31, 2026, none of the Directors and chief executive had
registered an interest or short position in the shares and underlying shares of the Company or any of
its associated corporations that was required to be recorded pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or
as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
Save as any perceived material interest in transactions between members of Alibaba Group and the
Company due to their role as employees of Alibaba Holding or its subsidiaries as disclosed in the
section headed “Biographical Information of Directors and Senior Management”, none of the
Directors or their connected entities (within the meaning under section 486 of the Company
Ordinance) had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transaction, arrangement or
contract of significance to the business of the Group to which the Company, its holding company, or
any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party which was subsisting during or at the end
of the Reporting Period.


ARRANGEMENT TO ACQUIRE SHARES AND DEBENTURES
Save as disclosed under the paragraph headed “Share Award Schemes” above, at no time during
the Reporting Period was the Company or its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the
Directors or chief executive of the Company or their spouses or children under the age of 18 to
acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any other
body corporate.




44      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS
OR SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
As at March 31, 2026, the following interests or short positions in the shares and underlying shares
of the Company were recorded in the register of interests required to be kept by the Company
pursuant to section 336 of the SFO:

                                                                                                                               % of the
                                                                                                                                 issued
                                                                                                          Number of               share
                                                                                                             shares/            capital
                                                                                                          underlying              of the
Name                                             Capacity and nature of interest                            shares(1)         Company


Alibaba Group Holding Limited(2)(3)              Interest in controlled corporation               10,271,540,755(L)              63.50%#
                                                                                                   1,929,855,537(S)              11.93%#
Ali JK Nutritional Products Holding              Beneficial owner                                  4,560,785,407(L)              28.20%#
   Limited(2)(3)
Perfect Advance Holding Limited(2)               Beneficial owner                                   3,103,816,661(L)             19.19%#
Alibaba Investment Limited(2)                    Interest in controlled corporation                 3,152,533,126(L)             19.49%#
                                                 Beneficial owner                                      48,716,465(L)              0.30%#
Taobao Holding Limited(2)                        Beneficial owner                                   2,558,222,222(L)             15.82%#
UBS Group AG(4)                                  Interest in controlled corporation                 1,355,041,457(L)              8.38%#
                                                 Interest in controlled corporation                 1,367,751,227(S)              8.46%#
JPMorgan Chase & Co.(5)                          Beneficial owner                                     918,322,206(L)              5.68%#
                                                 Beneficial owner                                     909,085,646(S)              5.62%#
                                                 Investment manager                                    52,404,369(L)              0.32%#
                                                 Investment manager                                    33,714,000(S)              0.21%#
                                                 Person having a security interest in                 151,849,853(L)              0.94%#
                                                    shares
                                                 Approved lending agent                               100,327,789(L)                  0.62%#

Notes:

(1)      (L) Long position (S) Short position.

(2)      Perfect Advance Holding Limited (“Perfect Advance”) holds 3,103,816,661 shares of the Company. Perfect Advance is
         wholly-owned by Alibaba Investment Limited (“AIL”), which is in turn wholly-owned by Alibaba Holding. For the
         purpose of Part XV of the SFO, as Perfect Advance is interested in 3,103,816,661 shares of the Company, AIL is deemed
         to have an interest in 3,103,816,661 shares of the Company via Perfect Advance.

         On May 20, 2022, Innovare Tech Limited (“Innovare”) made a distribution in specie (the “Distribution”) in respect of
         641,090,678 shares of the Company to the limited partners of Yunfeng Fund II, L.P., the beneficial owner of all the
         voting equity capital in Innovare, based on their respective pro rata entitlements in Innovare. Upon the Distribution,
         Innovare ceased to have a notifiable interest of 5% or more of the voting shares of the Company within the meaning of
         the SFO. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated May 20, 2022. As part of the Distribution,
         48,716,465 shares of the Company were distributed to AIL. As such, AIL is interested in an aggregate of 3,152,533,126
         shares of the Company.




                                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report       45
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

      On November 28, 2023, the Company entered into a share purchase agreement with Taobao Holding Limited (“TBH”),
      pursuant to which the consideration payable by the Company to TBH will be partly satisfied by the Company issuing
      2,558,222,222 ordinary shares of the Company to TBH as consideration shares upon completion of the share purchase
      agreement. The proposed acquisition under the said share purchase agreement was completed on January 17, 2024
      and the total of 2,558,222,222 ordinary shares of the Company have been allotted and issued to TBH. For details,
      please refer to the announcements of the Company dated November 28, 2023 and January 17, 2024.


      Ali JK Nutritional Products Holding Limited (“Ali JK”) holds 4,560,785,407 shares of the Company. Ali JK is wholly-owned
      by Alibaba Holding. Therefore, Alibaba Holding is deemed to have an interest in an aggregate of 10,271,540,755
      shares of the Company via AIL, Perfect Advance, Ali JK and TBH within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO.


(3)   Pursuant to a Stock Borrowing and Lending Agreement dated July 3, 2025, Ali JK has lent 1,929,855,537 ordinary shares
      of the Company to UBS AG, London Branch.


(4)   UBS Group AG was interested in an aggregated 1,355,041,457 shares (long position) and 1,367,751,227 shares (short
      position) in the Company. According to the disclosure of interest notice filed by UBS Group AG, regarding the relevant
      event dated March 31, 2026, such Shares were held by UBS Group AG indirectly through certain of its subsidiaries.
      Among them, 404,855,289 shares (long position) and 373,632,329 shares (short position) were held through listed
      derivatives — convertible instruments; 7,974,470 shares (long position) and 18,437,800 shares (short position) were held
      through physically settled unlisted derivatives; and 194,109,076 shares (long position) and 10,744,990 shares (short
      position) were held through cash settled unlisted derivatives.


(5)   JPMorgan Chase & Co. was interested in an aggregated 1,222,904,217 shares (long position); 942,799,646 shares (short
      position) and 100,327,789 shares (lending pool) in the Company. According to the disclosure of interest notice filed by
      JPMorgan Chase & Co. regarding the relevant event dated January 21, 2026, such Shares were held by JPMorgan Chase
      & Co. indirectly through certain of its subsidiaries. Among them, 7,716,000 shares (long position) and 4,174,000 (short
      position) were held through physically settled listed derivatives; 4,414,333 shares (short position) were held through
      cash settled listed derivatives; 83,553,920 shares (long position) and 108,243,493 shares (short position) were held
      through physically settled unlisted derivatives; 406,280,567 shares (long position) and 351,577,231 shares (short
      position) were held through cash settled unlisted derivatives; and 507,062,459 shares (long position) and 35,313,000
      shares (short position) were held through listed derivatives — convertible instruments.

#
      Based on a total of 16,175,300,965 shares of the Company in issue as at March 31, 2026.


Save as disclosed above, as at March 31, 2026, there were no other parties who had registered an
interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares of the Company that was required to be
recorded pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.


CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE WITH CONTROLLING
SHAREHOLDERS
Save as disclosed under the paragraph headed “Connected Transactions” below, no contract of
significance, including for the provision of services, has been entered into among the Company or
any of its subsidiaries and the controlling Shareholders or any of their subsidiaries during the
Reporting Period.




46      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
During the Reporting Period, the Group had the following connected transactions, details of which
were disclosed in compliance with the requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

Connected Transaction — Lease Agreement

On August 28, 2025, Alibaba Health Pharmaceutical Chain Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康大藥房醫藥連鎖有限公
司) (“Alibaba Health Pharmaceutical Chain”) and Hangzhou Chuanfu Health Technology Co., Ltd.^
(杭州傳賦健康科技有限公司) (“Hangzhou Chuanfu”) entered into the lease agreement (the “Lease
Agreement”), pursuant to which Hangzhou Chuanfu agreed to lease the production plant and
ancillary facilities located at Alibaba Pharmaceutical Health Logistics Park, Tangjiadai Village, Tangxi
Town, Linping District, Hangzhou, the PRC (the “Premises”) to Alibaba Health Pharmaceutical Chain
for a term of 30 months commencing from September 1, 2025. The total rent and property
management fee payable (inclusive of tax) during the term of the Lease Agreement shall be
approximately RMB13.8 million for the first six months, and shall be capped at RMB33.4 million and
RMB34.8 million for the seventh to the eighteenth months and for the nineteenth to the thirtieth
months, respectively. The total annual sum of the rent and property management fee payable by the
Group incurred under the Lease Agreement during the Reporting Period amounted to approximately
RMB15.1 million (during the Corresponding Period: RMB15.0 million).

Located in Hangzhou, one of the core cities of the Group’s business in eastern China, the Premises
has effectively served as a key warehouse facility for the Group to store its pharmaceutical and
medical devices as well as various other health-related products, significantly contributing to the
Group’s supply chain capabilities and operational efficiency. The Group has also established local
presence and developed relationships with suppliers in the area. As at the date of the Lease
Agreement, since Hangzhou Chuanfu was an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding,
Hangzhou Chuanfu was an associate of Alibaba Holding and hence a connected person of the
Company and thus the transactions contemplated under the Lease Agreement constitute connected
transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.




                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   47
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Continuing Connected Transactions

(a) Continuing Connected Transaction — Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement

     On March 28, 2024, Alibaba Health Technology (China) Co., Ltd^ (阿里健康科技 (中國) 有限公司)
     (“Alibaba Health (China)”), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (for itself and
     on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates), entered into the renewed cloud computing services
     framework agreement (the “2025 Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement”) with
     Alibaba Cloud Computing Ltd.^ (阿里雲計算有限公司) (“Alibaba Cloud”) (for itself and on behalf
     of its subsidiaries and affiliates), pursuant to which Alibaba Cloud agreed to provide various
     cloud computing services and other related services (the “Cloud Computing Services”) to the
     Group for a term of one year from April 1, 2024 to March 31, 2025. The annual cap for the
     service fees payable by Alibaba Health (China) to Alibaba Cloud under the 2025 Cloud
     Computing Services Framework Agreement was RMB170 million. The aggregate service fees
     incurred under the 2025 Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement during the Reporting
     Period amounted to approximately RMB133.0 million (during the Corresponding Period:
     approximately RMB134.6 million).

     On March 17, 2025, the same parties entered into the renewed cloud computing services
     framework agreement (the “2026–2027 Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement”) in
     relation to the provision of the Cloud Computing Services by Alibaba Cloud to the Group for a
     term of two years from April 1, 2025 to March 31, 2027. The annual caps for the service fees
     payable by the Group under the 2026–2027 Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement for
     the two financial years ending March 31, 2027 are RMB200 million and RMB200 million,
     respectively.

     The 2025 Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement and the 2026–2027 Cloud
     Computing Services Framework Agreement allowed the Group to utilize the cloud computing
     services provided by Alibaba Cloud to ensure smooth operation of its systems and the stability
     of its various Internet healthcare solutions.

     Alibaba Holding is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company, and its wholly-owned
     subsidiaries, Taobao Holding, Ali JK, Perfect Advance and Alibaba Investment, are shareholders
     of the Company. As Alibaba Holding is the ultimate shareholder of Alibaba Cloud, Alibaba
     Cloud is an associate of Alibaba Holding and hence a connected person of the Company. The
     transactions contemplated under the 2025 Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement and
     the 2026–2027 Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement thus constitute continuing
     connected transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.




48    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(b) Continuing Connected Transaction — Outsourced Services Framework Agreement

    On March 28, 2024, Hangzhou Defu Health Management Co., Ltd.^ (杭州得賦健康管理有限公司),
    Alibaba Health Technology (Hainan) Co., Ltd.^ (阿 里 健 康 科 技（海 南）有 限 公 司), Jiubaoxing
    Technology (Hainan) Co., Ltd.^ (久寶星科技（海南）有限公司) and Hangzhou Lukang Health
    Technology Co., Ltd.^ (杭州鹿康健康科技有限公司) (each an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary or
    a consolidated entity of the Company, collectively, the “Alibaba Health Subsidiaries”) entered
    into the 2025–2027 outsourced services agreement (the “2025–2027 Outsourced Services
    Agreement”) with Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd.^ (浙 江 天 貓 技 術 有 限 公 司) (“Tmall
    Technology”) and Zhejiang Tmall Network Co., Ltd.^ (浙江天貓網絡有限公司) (“Tmall Network”,
    together with Tmall Technology, the “Tmall Entities”) for a term of three years from April 1,
    2024 until March 31, 2027. Pursuant to the 2025–2027 Outsourced Services Agreement, the
    Alibaba Health Subsidiaries will procure the Company to provide the Tmall Entities with certain
    outsourced and value-added services in relation to certain categories of products or services
    offered on Tmall from time to time (as specified in the announcement of the Company dated
    March 28, 2024) (the “Outsourced Services”). The annual caps for the service fees payable to
    the Group under the 2025–2027 Outsourced Services Agreement for the three financial years
    ending March 31, 2027 are RMB215 million, RMB230 million and RMB245 million, respectively.
    The service fees received by the Group under the 2025–2027 Outsourced Services Framework
    Agreement during the Reporting Period amounted to approximately RMB76.6 million (during the
    Corresponding Period: RMB104.3 million).

    Since the Outsourced Services remain within the existing skill set of the Group given that it has
    been developing its own pharmaceutical e-commerce, Internet healthcare, and intelligent
    medicine businesses, the service fees received under the 2025–2027 Outsourced Services
    Agreement continue to be one of the steady growing sources of revenue for our Group.

    Since each of the Tmall Entities is a wholly-owned subsidiary or a consolidated entity of Alibaba
    Holding, the Tmall Entities are associates of Alibaba Holding and hence are connected persons
    of the Company. The transactions contemplated under the 2025–2027 Outsourced Services
    Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in accordance
    with the Listing Rules.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   49
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(c)   Continuing Connected Transaction — Platform Services Framework Agreement

      On March 28, 2024, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) and Taobao China
      Holding Limited (“Taobao China”) (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and associates)
      entered into the renewed platform services framework agreement (the “2025–2027 Platform
      Services Framework Agreement”) for a term of three years from April 1, 2024 until March 31,
      2027. Pursuant to the 2025–2027 Platform Services Framework Agreement, Taobao China has
      agreed that Alibaba Holding and its subsidiaries and affiliates (the “AGH Relevant Entities”)
      will provide to the Group certain platform services (the “Platform Services”) and the Group
      shall pay the service fees calculated in accordance with the underlying agreements and
      standard terms and conditions (as applicable) as amended and published on the respective
      online platforms operated by the AGH Relevant Entities from time to time. The annual caps for
      the service fees payable by the Group under the 2025–2027 Platform Services Framework
      Agreement for the three financial years ending March 31, 2027 were RMB630 million, RMB670
      million and RMB710 million, respectively, which were subsequently revised to be RMB750
      million, RMB900 million and RMB990 million, respectively. The aggregate service fees incurred
      under the 2025–2027 Platform Services Framework Agreement for the Reporting Period
      amounted to approximately RMB806.4 million (during the Corresponding Period: RMB619.5
      million).

      The Company believes that by marketing and selling products or services on the online sales
      platforms operated by the AGH Relevant Entities under the 2025–2027 Platform Services
      Framework Agreement, the Group will be able to reach out to more customers and improve its
      understanding of their needs to facilitate product circulation along the pharmaceutical and
      healthcare products retail chain to offer quality products and services at competitive prices.

      Since Taobao China is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding and Alibaba Holding
      controls the AGH Relevant Entities, each of Taobao China and the members of the AGH Relevant
      Entities are associates of Alibaba Holding and hence is a connected person of the Company.
      The transactions contemplated under the 2025–2027 Platform Services Framework Agreement
      thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing
      Rules.




50     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(d) Continuing Connected Transaction — Logistics Services Framework Agreement

    On March 28, 2024, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into a
    renewed logistics services framework agreement (the “2025–2027 Logistics Services
    Framework Agreement”) with Hangzhou Cainiao Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd.^ (杭州菜
    鳥供應鏈管理有限公司) (“Hangzhou Cainiao”) (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and
    affiliates), pursuant to which Hangzhou Cainiao and its subsidiaries and affiliates (together, the
    “Cainiao Group”) agreed to provide various logistics services including but not limited to
    warehouse operation and storage services, domestic and international delivery services,
    customs registration and clearance services, standard and special packaging services, storage
    and delivery supply chain management services and related system software services and other
    value-added and logistics-related services (the “Logistics Services”) to the Group for a service
    fee for a term of three years from April 1, 2024 to March 31, 2027. The annual caps for the
    service fees payable by the Group under the 2025–2027 Logistics Services Framework
    Agreement was RMB320 million, RMB350 million and RMB380 million, respectively. The
    aggregate service fees incurred under the 2025–2027 Logistics Services Framework Agreement
    for the Reporting Period amounted to approximately RMB133.1 million (during the
    Corresponding Period: approximately RMB125.7 million).

    As the Company has been selling pharmaceutical and healthcare products online, it requires
    efficient and reliable logistics services to enable its products to be safely and promptly
    delivered to its customers. Accordingly, the Company entered into the 2025–2027 Logistics
    Services Framework Agreement with Hangzhou Cainiao, to capitalize on the logistics data
    platform and global fulfilment network of Cainiao Group, and to provide efficient and reliable
    domestic and international one-stop-shop logistics services to the Group’s customers for
    fulfilling their different logistics needs.

    As Hangzhou Cainiao is an indirect non-wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, each of
    the members of the Cainiao Group is an associate of Alibaba Holding and hence a connected
    person of the Company. The transactions contemplated under the 2025–2027 Logistics Services
    Framework Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in
    accordance with the Listing Rules.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   51
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(e) Continuing Connected Transaction — Shared Services Agreement

      On March 28, 2024, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into the
      renewed shared services agreement (the “2025–2027 Shared Services Agreement”) with
      Alibaba.com China Limited (阿里巴巴網絡中國有限公司) (“Alibaba.com”) (for itself and on behalf
      of its subsidiaries and associates, collectively, “Alibaba.com Group”), pursuant to which
      Alibaba.com has agreed to procure the relevant parties to provide certain shared services to
      the Group, and the Company has agreed that relevant parties shall provide certain shared
      services to Alibaba.com Group for a term of three years from April 1, 2024 to March 31, 2027.
      The annual caps for the service fees payable by the Group under the 2025–2027 Shared
      Services Agreement in relation to the shared services provided to the Group for the three
      financial years ending March 31, 2027 are RMB540 million, RMB560 million and RMB580 million,
      respectively; and the annual caps for the service fees receivable by the Group under the 2025–
      2027 Shared Services Agreement in relation to the shared services provided to Alibaba.com
      Group for the three financial years ending March 31, 2027 are RMB20 million, RMB20 million
      and RMB20 million, respectively. The aggregate service fees incurred under the 2025–2027
      Shared Services Agreement during the Reporting Period was RMB532.7 million (during the
      Corresponding Period: RMB276.5 million) in relation to the Shared Services provided to the
      Group and RMB0.9 million (during the Corresponding Period: RMB0.01 million) in relation to the
      Shared Services provided to Alibaba.com Group.

      The Company believes that the entering into of the 2025–2027 Shared Services Agreement will
      allow the Company to better leverage on the mature infrastructure and coverage already built
      by Alibaba Group (including Alibaba.com Group) and promote better cooperation between
      Alibaba Group (including Alibaba.com Group) and the Company.

      As Alibaba.com is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, which is a
      connected person of the Company, the transactions contemplated under the 2025–2027 Shared
      Services Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in
      accordance with the Listing Rules.

(f)   Continuing Connected Transaction — Framework Technical Services Agreement

      On February 2, 2024, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into the
      amended and renewed 2025–2027 framework technical services agreement (the “2025–2027
      Framework Technical Services Agreement”) with Taobao China (for itself and on behalf of its
      subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Taobao China Companies”)), pursuant to which Taobao
      China Companies would provide certain relevant software technical services to the Group for a
      service fee for a term of three years commencing from April 1, 2024 and ending on March 31,
      2027. The annual cap for the service fees payable under the 2025–2027 Framework Technical
      Services Agreement was RMB2,300 million, RMB2,530 million and RMB2,783 million, for each of
      the three years ending March 31, 2027, respectively, as approved by the independent
      Shareholders at the special general meeting held on March 26, 2024. The aggregate service
      fees incurred under the 2025–2027 Framework Technical Services Agreement during the
      Reporting Period amounted to approximately RMB1,078.2 million (during the Corresponding
      Period: approximately RMB1,093.1 million).


52     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                   DIRECTORS’ REPORT

    The Company considers the entering into of the 2025–2027 Framework Technical Services
    Agreement is necessary because the technical support and services from Taobao Group
    Companies to the Company are crucial to allow the relevant merchants to operate on the
    platforms of Tmall and Tmall Global.

    As Alibaba Group directly or indirectly controls the Taobao China Companies, they are
    connected persons of the Company and the transactions contemplated under the 2025–2027
    Framework Technical Services Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of
    the Company. Independent Shareholders approved, among other things, the 2025–2027
    Framework Technical Services Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereunder at the
    special general meeting held on March 26, 2024 in accordance with the Listing Rules.

(g) Continuing Connected Transaction — Payment Services Framework Agreement

    On March 28, 2024, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into a
    renewed payment services framework agreement (the “2025 Payment Services Framework
    Agreement”) with Alipay.com Co., Ltd.^ (支付寶（中國）網絡技術有限公司) (“Alipay China”) (for
    itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates) and Alipay Singapore E-Commerce Private
    Limited (“Alipay Singapore”) (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates), pursuant
    to which Alipay China and Alipay Singapore agreed to provide certain payment, settlement and
    other related services (the “Payment Services”) to the Group for a service fee, for a term of one
    year from April 1, 2024 to March 31, 2025. The annual cap for the service fees payable under
    the 2025 Payment Services Framework Agreement is RMB137 million. The aggregate service fees
    incurred under the 2025 Payment Services Framework Agreement during the Reporting Period
    amounted to approximately RMB14.7 million (during the Corresponding Period: approximately
    RMB41.3 million).

    As part of the Group’s business, the Company has been marketing and selling products or
    services online as an online merchant which requires efficient and reliable payment services. By
    entering into the 2025 Payment Services Framework Agreement, the Group will be able to utilize
    the Payment Services provided by Alipay China and Alipay Singapore to enable safe and
    prompt real-time payment for its online transactions.

    Since Ant Group Co., Ltd. (螞蟻科技集團股份有限公司) (“Ant Group”) is indirectly held by Alibaba
    Holding as to more than 30% of its equity interest and both Alipay China and Alipay Singapore
    are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Ant Group, each of Ant Group, Alipay China and Alipay
    Singapore is an associate of Alibaba Holding and thus a connected person of the Company.

    Accordingly, the transactions contemplated under the 2025 Payment Services Framework
    Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in accordance with the
    Listing Rules.




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   53
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(h) Continuing Connected Transaction — Exclusive Services Framework Agreement

     On November 27, 2023, the Target WFOE entered into the Exclusive Services Framework
     Agreement with Alimama for an initial term of three years commenced from November 27,
     2023 and ending on November 26, 2026, pursuant to which the Target WFOE would operate
     and manage the business relating to the provision of the Marketing Materials Review Services
     pursuant to the Exclusive Marketing Materials Review Right and the Value-added Services under
     the healthcare categories (the “Target Business”). The “Exclusive Marketing Materials Review
     Right” is defined as the exclusive right to operate and manage the Marketing Materials Review
     Services under the healthcare categories on the Tmall Platform, to the absolute exclusion of the
     Alimama Group and the Taobao and Tmall Group. The “Marketing Materials Review Services”
     are defined as the marketing materials review services provided by the Target WFOE under the
     Exclusive Services Framework Agreement, as may be amended from time to time, comprising (i)
     the review services in respect of marketing materials for the performance-based marketing
     and/or the brand-based marketing placed by certain merchants (the “Target Merchants”)
     through the Alimama Group, and (ii) the review services in respect of corresponding
     qualifications of such marketing materials for products and services under the healthcare
     categories of Tmall of Alibaba Group. The “Value-added Services”are defined as the
     value-added services, within the scope of written authorisation from the Alimama Group and in
     accordance with the standards and requirements imposed by the Alimama Group, provided by
     the Target WFOE to the Target Merchants whose primary categories are the healthcare
     categories under the Exclusive Services Framework Agreement, as may be amended from time
     to time, which shall include providing consultation and suggestions to and responding to
     questions from such Target Merchants relating to marketing promotions under the healthcare
     categories. For details of the purpose of the acquisition of the Target Business, please refer to
     the paragraph headed “(a) Connected Transaction — Share Purchase Agreement” above. The
     proposed annual caps (where applicable) in respect of the fees receivable under the Exclusive
     Services Framework Agreement are RMB391 million, RMB2,032 million and RMB2,641 million for
     each of the financial years ending March 31, 2024, 2025 and 2026, respectively. The aggregate
     service fees incurred under the Exclusive Services Framework Agreement during the Reporting
     Period amounted to approximately RMB1,729.2 million (during the Corresponding Period:
     approximately RMB1,515.3 million).

     Upon the completion of the Share Purchase Agreement, the Target WFOE became an indirect
     wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Since Alimama is an indirect wholly-owned
     subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, it’s therefore an associate of Alibaba Holding and hence a
     connected person of the Company. The transactions contemplated under the Exclusive Services
     Framework Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under
     the Listing Rules.




54    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                   DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(i) Continuing Connected Transaction — Marketing and Promotion Services Framework
    Agreement

    On February 2, 2024, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) and Alimama (for
    and on behalf of its subsidiaries and its affiliates) (together, the “Advertising Parties”) entered
    into the marketing and promotion services framework agreement (the “2025–2027 Marketing
    and Promotion Services Framework Agreement”) for a term of three years from April 1, 2024
    to March 31, 2027 to renew the existing advertising services framework agreement, pursuant to
    which the Advertising Parties has agreed to provide the Group with certain marketing and
    promotion services, including but not limited to providing the marketing, promotion and
    advertising services on various platforms under and in cooperation with Alibaba Group for a
    service fee. The original annual caps for the service fees payable under the 2025–2027
    Marketing and Promotion Services Framework Agreement are RMB2,400 million, RMB2,640
    million (which was later revised to be RMB3,600 million) and RMB2,904 million (which was later
    revised to be RMB4,800 million), respectively, for the three financial years ending March 31,
    2027, respectively, as approved by the independent Shareholders at the special general
    meeting held on March 26, 2024. The aggregate service fees incurred under the 2025–2027
    Marketing and Promotion Service Framework Agreement during the Reporting Period amounted
    to approximately RMB3,187.6 million (during the Corresponding Period: RMB2,287.3 million).

    The Company believes that the marketing, promotion and advertising services and resources
    provided by the Advertising Parties are effective marketing tools and will enable the Group to
    reach out to more customers and boost the sales of the Group’s and its clients’ products.
    Hence, the Group intends to allocate more resources in such marketing, promotion and
    advertising services provided by the Advertising Parties going forward and considers that the
    entering into of the 2025–2027 Marketing and Promotion Services Framework Agreement would
    facilitate the administration of the purchase of the marketing, promotion and advertising
    services by the Group.

    Since Alimama is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, each of the
    Advertising Parties is an associate of Alibaba Holding and hence a connected person of the
    Company. The transactions contemplated under the 2025–2027 Marketing and Promotion
    Services Framework Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions for the
    Company in accordance with the Listing Rules and were approved by the independent
    Shareholders at the special general meeting held on March 26, 2024 in accordance with the
    Listing Rules.




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   55
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(j)   Continuing Connected Transaction — Software Services Framework Agreement

      On March 28, 2024, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and associates)
      entered into the renewed software services framework agreement (the “2025–2027 Software
      Services Framework Agreement”) with Taobao China (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries
      and associates (collectively, “Taobao China Group”)), pursuant to which the Group shall provide
      Taobao China Group with medical and healthcare-related e-commerce platform operational and
      maintenance related software services for merchants selling products and/or offering services
      under certain software services categories on Tmall and Tmall Global for a term of three years
      commencing from April 1, 2024 and ending on March 31, 2027. The annual cap for the service
      fees receivable are RMB150 million, RMB160 million (which was later revised to be RMB310
      million) and RMB170 million (which was later revised to be RMB360 million), respectively, for the
      three financial years ending March 31, 2027. The aggregate service fees incurred under the
      2025–2027 Software Services Framework Agreement during the Reporting Period amounted to
      approximately RMB168.5 million (during the Corresponding Period: approximately RMB116.9
      million).

      The Company believes that the entering into of the 2025–2027 Software Services Framework
      Agreement will not only allow the Group to generate revenue and to better optimize its
      resources as Alibaba Group’s healthcare flagship platform, but also provide marketing
      opportunities for the Group to expand its product portfolio and broaden its customer base. This
      enables the Group to capture further market share in view of the rapid growth of the
      Company’s pharmaceutical direct sales business.

      Since Taobao China is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, each member of Taobao
      China Group is an associate of Alibaba Holding and hence a connected person of the
      Company. The transactions contemplated under the 2025–2027 Software Services Framework
      Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in accordance
      with the Listing Rules.




56     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                   DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(k)   Continuing Connected Transaction — EBA Settlement Framework Agreement

      On March 28, 2024, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and associates)
      entered into the framework agreement relating to the equity-based awards settlement (the
      “2025–2027 EBA Settlement Framework Agreement”) with Alibaba Holding. Pursuant to the
      2025–2027 EBA Settlement Framework Agreement, (i) in respect of the restricted share units,
      options or any other equity incentive awards of Alibaba Holding (the “AGH Awards”) held by
      any grantees whose employment is transferred from Alibaba Holding to a member of the Group
      (the “Group Entity”), the Company shall reimburse Alibaba Holding the amounts in respect of
      the relevant AGH Awards; and (ii) in respect of the options, restricted share units or any other
      equity incentive awards of the Group (the “Group Awards”) held by any grantees (whose
      employment is transferred from a Group Entity to Alibaba Holding), Alibaba Holding shall
      reimburse the Company the amounts in respect of the relevant Group Awards. The annual caps
      for the amounts payable under the 2025–2027 EBA Settlement Framework Agreement in relation
      to the transaction amount associated with the AGH Awards are RMB35 million, RMB35 million
      and RMB35 million, respectively, for the three financial years ending March 31, 2027; and the
      annual caps for the amounts receivable under the 2025–2027 EBA Settlement Framework
      Agreement in relation to the transaction amount associated with the Group Awards are RMB35
      million, RMB35 million and RMB35 million, respectively, for the three financial years ending
      March 31, 2027. The aggregate amount recognised by the Group under the 2025–2027 EBA
      Settlement Framework Agreement in relation to the transaction amount associated with the AGH
      Awards during the Reporting Period amounted to approximately RMB28.0 million (during the
      Corresponding Period: not applicable). The aggregate reimbursement amount of the Group
      Awards from Alibaba Holding during the Reporting Period amounted to approximately RMB7.0
      million (during the Corresponding Period: RMB15.7 million).

      Each of Alibaba Holding and the Company is committed to providing their employees with a
      nurturing work environment that supports personal growth and therefore allows internal
      transfers between the Group and Alibaba Holding. As equity-based awards are vital to attract,
      incentivize and retain those employees, the Company believes that the entering into of the
      2025–2027 EBA Settlement Framework Agreement will allow the grantees to retain their awards
      after the internal transfers and allocating their EBA expenses to the relevant entity to which
      such grantee has joined, with an aim to achieve an equitable re-charging of costs of
      transferring employees between the Group and Alibaba Holding.




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   57
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

      Since Alibaba Holding is a connected person of the Company, the transactions contemplated
      under the 2025–2027 EBA Settlement Framework Agreement thus constitute continuing
      connected transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.

      The Group has imposed internal control procedures to ensure that the continuing connected
      transactions are conducted in accordance with the pricing policies or mechanism under the
      relevant framework agreements. A specialized internal audit function carried out independent
      appraisal of the adequacy and effectiveness of the internal control procedures and reviewed all
      the connected transactions. Any findings by the internal audit function have been provided to
      the Directors to assist them in performing the annual review of the continuing connected
      transactions. The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the above continuing
      connected transactions and have confirmed that such continuing connected transactions were
      entered into (i) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (ii) on normal
      commercial terms or better; and (iii) in accordance with the relevant agreements governing
      them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Shareholders as a
      whole.

(l)   Continuing Connected Transactions — Contractual Arrangements

      Overview

      The business of the Group involves the provision of commercial Internet information services,
      which in turn requires certain members of our Group to hold a value-added telecommunication
      business license (the “ICP License”) for the provision of such services (the “Restricted
      Businesses”). As the applicable PRC laws and regulations currently in force restrict foreign
      investment in the Restricted Businesses, the Group adopted a series of contractual
      arrangements with respect to two subsidiaries of our Company, namely, Hongyun Jiukang Data
      Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.^ (弘雲久康數據技術（北京）有限公司) (“Hongyun Jiukang”) and
      Alibaba Health Hebei Information Technology Co., Ltd.^ (阿 里 健 康 河 北 信 息 技 術 有 限 公 司)
      (“Alibaba Health Hebei”, together with Hongyun Jiukang, the “Opcos”), which have enabled
      the Group, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Alibaba Health Technology (China) Co., Ltd^
      (阿里健康科技（中國）有限公司) (the “WFOE”), to obtain effective control over, and received all
      the economic benefits generated by, the businesses operated by the Opcos, and the Opcos, in
      turn, hold the ICP License and operate the Restricted Businesses.

      Prior to the Restructuring (as defined below), the contractual arrangements were entered into
      among the WFOE, each of the Opcos and the two individual registered owners of Opcos (the
      “Ex-Registered Owners”) (the “Previous Contractual Arrangements”).




58     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT

As part of Alibaba Holding’s strategy in enhancing the variable interest entities (the “VIEs”)
structure, on April 25, 2020, each of the two Ex-Registered Owners under the Previous
Contractual Arrangements entered into equity transfer agreements with Beijing Jiukangbao
Technology Co., Ltd.^ (北京久康寶科技有限公司) (“Beijing Jiukangbao”), pursuant to which each
of the two Ex-Registered Owners agreed to transfer 50% and 50% of the equity interests in each
of the Opcos, respectively, to Beijing Jiukangbao (the “VIE Restructuring”). On the same day,
each of the Opcos became owned as to 100% by Beijing Jiukangbao. Beijing Jiukangbao is
wholly-owned by Hangzhou Baoxuan Investment Management Co., Ltd.^ (杭州寶軒投資管理有限
公司), a company established in the PRC with limited liability (the “PRC Investco”), which is
held as to each 50% by two limited partnerships established in the PRC (the “PRC LPs”), both
of which were ultimately owned by a company established in the PRC with limited liability
serving as a general partner of the PRC LPs (the “PRC GP”) and four selected members of the
Alibaba Partnership or Alibaba Holding’s management who are PRC citizens (the “Four
Individuals”).

On the same day, the Group entered into a series of contractual arrangements (the
“Contractual Arrangements”) with the Opcos and Beijing Jiukangbao (as the newly registered
owner of Opcos) (the “Registered Owner”). The Contractual Arrangements contain substantially
the same terms as the Previous Contractual Arrangements and enable the Group to continue,
through the WFOE, to maintain effective control over, and receive all the economic benefits
generated by, the businesses operated by the Opcos, which in turn hold the ICP Licenses and
operate the Restricted Businesses through itself and its Subsidiaries. Further details in relation
to the terms of the Structured Contracts (as defined below) and Contractual Arrangements are
set out below. Through the Structured Contracts and the Contractual Arrangements, the results
of operations, assets and liabilities, and cash flows of the Opcos were consolidated into the
Company’s financial statements, and the Opcos were regarded as indirect subsidiaries of the
Group under HKFRS 10 during Reporting Period.

Particulars of Opcos and their respective Registered Owner

As at March 31, 2026, the particulars of the Opcos and their respective Registered Owner are as
follows:

                                                                  Registered
Name of Opco                    Registered owner                     capital Principal activities


Hongyun Jiukang                 100% by Beijing             RMB40,000,000 Provision of Internet
                                  Jiukangbao                                information services and
                                                                            investment holding
Alibaba Health Hebei            100% by Beijing             RMB10,000,000 Provision of Internet
                                  Jiukangbao                                information services and
                                                                            investment holding




                                    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   59
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     The following table sets forth the principal subsidiaries of Hongyun Jiukang as at March 31,
     2026. Alibaba Health Hebei did not have any subsidiary as at March 31, 2026.

     Name of subsidiary                                  Holding company Ownership Principal activities


     Alibaba Health (Hainan)                             Hongyun Jiukang               100% Network hospital services
        Internet Hospital Co., Ltd.^
        (阿里健康（海南）互聯網醫院
        有限公司)
     Alibaba Health (Hainan)                             Hongyun Jiukang               100% Provision of medical
        Remote Medical Centre Co., Ltd.^                                                      services
        (阿里健康（海南）遠程醫療中心
        有限公司)
     Hangzhou Hongyun Kangsheng                          Hongyun Jiukang               100% Investment holding and
        Equity Investment Co., Ltd.^                                                          asset management
        (杭州弘雲康晟股權投資有限公司)
     Alibaba Health Technology                           Hongyun Jiukang               100% Provision of Internet
        (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.^                                                                information services
        (阿里健康科技（廣州）有限公司)
     Guangzhou Alibaba Health                            Hongyun Jiukang               100% Provision of Internet
        Medical Technology Co., Ltd.^                                                         information services
        (廣州市阿里健康醫療科技有限公司)
        (formerly known as Alibaba
        Health Network Hospital Co.,
        Ltd.^ (阿里健康網絡醫院有限公司))
     Alibaba Health Technology                           Hongyun Jiukang               100% Provision of Internet
        (Beijing) Company Limited^                                                            information services
        (阿里健康科技（北京）有限公司)
     Jiubaoxing Technology                               Hongyun Jiukang               100% Provision of e-commerce
        (Hainan) Co., Ltd.^                                                                   sales services
        (久寶星科技（海南）有限公司)
     Hangzhou Kangtao Information                        Hongyun Jiukang               100% Provision of Internet
        Technology Co., Ltd.^                                                                 information services
        (杭州康淘信息技術有限公司)
     Beijing Zichen Zhengyang                            Hongyun Jiukang               100% Provision of Internet
        Technology Co., Ltd.^                                                                 information services
        (北京紫宸正陽科技有限公司)
     Hangzhou Zhixun Modeling                            Hongyun Jiukang               100% Provision of Internet
        Technology Co., Ltd. ^ (杭州智循                                                          information services
        建模科技有限公司) (formerly                                                                   and research
        known as Alibaba Health
        Modeling Technology (Hangzhou)
        Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康建模科技
       （杭州）有限公司))




60    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Summary of the major terms of the Contractual Arrangements

As at March 31, 2026, there are two sets of ongoing Contractual Arrangements in place:

(i)    in respect of Hongyun Jiukang, entered into among the WFOE (as the Company’s subsidiary),
       Hongyun Jiukang (as the Opco), and Beijing Jiukangbao (as the Registered Owner); and

(ii)   in respect of Alibaba Health Hebei, entered into among the WFOE (as the Company’s
       subsidiary), Alibaba Health Hebei (as the Opco), and Beijing Jiukangbao (as the Registered
       Owner).

Each of the above sets of Contractual Arrangements includes substantially similar terms and a
brief summary of the major terms are set out below:

(1)    Exclusive Service Agreements (獨家服務協議)

       Pursuant to the exclusive service agreements (the “Exclusive Service Agreements”), the
       relevant Opco agreed to engage the WFOE as its exclusive provider of technical support
       and consultancy services (the “Technical Services”) in connection with the relevant Opco’s
       business (to the extent permitted under the applicable PRC laws) in exchange for service
       fees. The service fees are fixed with reference to the actual content and commercial value
       of the Technical Services and the WFOE may, subject to mutual agreement, adjust the
       amount of service fees. Unless otherwise prescribed under the PRC laws and regulations
       and subject to limitations under the Exclusive Service Agreements, the WFOE shall have
       exclusive proprietary rights to any intellectual property (including but not limited to
       copyright, patent, technical secret and trade secret) in the work product developed by the
       WFOE or the relevant Opco in the course of the provision of services under the relevant
       Exclusive Service Agreement. Each of the Exclusive Service Agreements has a term of 20
       years and will be automatically renewed for consecutive terms of one year upon expiry
       unless otherwise notified by the WFOE. The relevant Exclusive Service Agreement shall be
       terminated prior to expiration in the event that the business period of either the WFOE or
       the relevant Opco expires.




                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   61
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     (2)   Loan Agreements (借款協議)

           Pursuant to the loan agreements (the “Loan Agreements”), the WFOE agreed to provide
           any interest-free loans to the relevant Registered Owner as capital contribution to the
           relevant Opco only and may not use such loans for other purposes without the consent of
           the WFOE. The Registered Owner, in return for the provision of loans, agreed to enter into
           an Equity Interest Pledge Agreement (as defined below) with the WFOE to pledge all of its
           equity interests in the relevant Opco as security. The term of each loan under the relevant
           Loan Agreement is 20 years from the effective date, or for a period until expiration of the
           business period of the WFOE or the relevant Opco, whichever is earlier. The Registered
           Owner shall repay the loan upon expiration of the term or any earlier time as may be
           determined by the WFOE at its absolute discretion. In such circumstances, unless otherwise
           prohibited by the applicable laws and regulations, the WFOE or its designee is entitled to
           acquire all equity interest held by the relevant Registered Owner in the relevant Opco for a
           consideration equal to the loan amount. The Registered Owner shall waive any
           pre-emptive rights upon transfer of equity interest in the relevant Opco to the WFOE. Any
           tax arising from the loan shall be borne by the Registered Owner and the WFOE in
           accordance with applicable PRC laws.

     (3)   Equity Interest Pledge Agreements (股權質押協議)

           Pursuant to the equity interest pledge agreements (the “Equity Interest Pledge
           Agreements”), the Registered Owner agreed to pledge all their respective equity interests
           in the relevant Opco to the WFOE, as a security interest to guarantee the performance of
           contractual obligations and the payment of outstanding loans of the Registered Owner.
           Unless due to the intentional misconduct or gross negligence of the WFOE, the WFOE shall
           not be liable for any decrease in value of the pledged interests, and the Registered Owner
           shall not have any right to claim against the WFOE as a result of such decrease in value.
           However, in the event that the decrease in value of the pledged interests may jeopardize
           rights of the WFOE, or upon occurrence of default, the WFOE may auction or sell the
           pledged interests for and on behalf of the Registered Owner and allocate the money
           received for loan prepayment or deposit such money to the WFOE’s local notary office. The
           pledge in respect of an Opco takes effect upon the completion of registration with the
           competent authority and shall remain valid until all the contractual obligations of the
           Registered Owner and the relevant Opco under the relevant set of Contractual
           Arrangements have been fully performed and that all outstanding loans have been fully
           repaid. During the period of the pledge, without the prior written consent of the WFOE, the
           Registered Owner shall not create or agree to create any new pledge or other security on
           the equity interests of the relevant Opco, nor assign or transfer any of the equity interests
           in the relevant Opco.




62     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(4)   Powers of Attorney on Shareholders’ Voting Rights (股東表決權委託協議)

      Pursuant to the powers of attorney on shareholders’ voting rights (the “Powers of
      Attorney on Shareholders’ Voting Rights”), the Registered Owner irrevocably appointed
      designee(s) of the WFOE, who are PRC nationals, to act as its attorney on its behalf to
      exercise all rights in connection with matters concerning its right as shareholder of the
      relevant Opco, including but not limited to: (a) attending the shareholders’ meeting of the
      relevant Opco as representative of the relevant Registered Owner; (b) exercising
      shareholders’ voting rights on resolutions at shareholders’ meeting, including but not
      limited to, the designation and appointment of directors and other senior management
      that has to be appointed by the shareholders; (c) other matters decided or executed by the
      shareholders pursuant to the relevant constitutional documents; and (d) signing relevant
      documents when the relevant Registered Owner sell or transfer all or part of its equity
      interests pursuant to the Exclusive Option Agreements (as defined below). The Powers of
      Attorney on Shareholders’ Voting Rights shall remain effective for 20 years and will be
      automatically renewed for consecutive terms of one year upon expiry unless otherwise
      notified by the WFOE. The Powers of Attorney on Shareholders’ Voting Rights shall be
      terminated prior to expiration in the event that the business period of either the WFOE or
      the relevant Opco expires.

(5)   Exclusive Option Agreements (獨家購買權協議)

      Pursuant to the exclusive option agreements (the “Exclusive Option Agreements”), the
      Registered Owner agreed to irrevocably, unconditionally and exclusively grant an exclusive
      option to the WFOE so that the WFOE may elect to purchase, when permitted by the then
      applicable PRC laws, all or any part of the equity interests from the Registered Owner and/
      or all or any of the assets in the relevant Opco by themselves or through their designee(s).
      In the event that any of the options is exercised by the WFOE, the transfer price of the
      relevant equity interests and assets shall correspond to the registered capital amount and
      the net asset value, respectively, or the legal minimum price under the then applicable PRC
      laws (as the case may be). Subject to the applicable PRC laws, the Registered Owner shall
      transfer all the consideration it receives in relation to such transfer of equity interests and
      assets in the relevant Opco (or any proceeds resulting from the dissolution or winding up
      of the relevant Opco or any dividends or distributions received in the capacity of a
      Registered Owner) to the WFOE or its designee, after deduction of applicable taxes and
      government fees. Pursuant to the Exclusive Option Agreements, without the prior written
      consent of the WFOE, the Registered Owner shall not sell, transfer, mortgage or dispose of
      in any manner any assets of the relevant Opco (except in the ordinary course of business)
      or legal or beneficial interest in the business or revenues of the relevant Opco, allow the
      creation of any security interest thereon, or allow the alteration of the registered capital of
      the relevant Opco or merger of the relevant Opco with any other entity. The Exclusive
      Option Agreements shall remain effective from the execution date and terminate when all
      the equity interests and assets of the relevant Opco have been legally transferred to the
      WFOE or its designee in accordance with the terms of the relevant Exclusive Option
      Agreement.



                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   63
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     Revenue and assets subject to the Contractual Arrangements

     During the Reporting Period, the Group expanded the scale of investments and business
     operated under the Opcos, and revenues generated from and assets held through the Opcos
     had begun to form a material portion of the Group’s total revenue and assets. The following
     table sets forth (a) revenue and (b) assets involved in the Opcos which are consolidated into the
     Group’s financial statements pursuant to the Contractual Arrangements:

                                                                            Revenue (RMB’000)
                                                                              (proportionate %       Assets (RMB’000)
                                                                                  to the Group)      (proportionate %
                                                                               For the financial        to the Group)
                                                                                    year ended                  As at
                                                                                March 31, 2026         March 31, 2026


     Hongyun Jiukang                                                               815,243 (2.38%)   1,738,649 (7.53%)
     Alibaba Health Hebei                                                            6,230 (0.02%)      10,400 (0.05%)

     Reasons for using the Contractual Arrangements

     As disclosed above, as the applicable PRC laws and regulations as detailed below in force
     restrict foreign investment in the Restricted Businesses and the operation of ICPs which are
     fundamental to the Group’s business, the Group participates in the Restricted Businesses
     through the Contractual Arrangements.

     According to the Regulations for the Administration of Foreign-Invested Telecommunications
     Enterprises (the “FITE Regulations”), the proportion of foreign equity ownership in the entity
     that provides commercial Internet information services shall not exceed 50%. Further, according
     to the FITE Regulations, subject to the foreign ownership restrictions as set out above, the
     significant foreign investor of an entity that provides commercial Internet information services
     must also be able to demonstrate good performance of and experience in operating a
     value-added telecommunication business. As the Company and its subsidiaries do not meet
     such qualification requirement, neither the Company nor any of its offshore subsidiaries is
     qualified to apply to any competent government authorities to establish a foreign invested
     telecommunication enterprise and obtain an ICP License to operate the Restricted Businesses. In
     the opinion of the Company’s PRC legal advisers, the Contractual Arrangements do not violate
     applicable PRC laws and regulations.




64    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Risks associated with the Contractual Arrangements and the actions taken by the Group to
mitigate the risks

The Company’s PRC legal advisers had advised us that while the Contractual Arrangements do
not violate the applicable PRC laws and regulations, there are uncertainties regarding the
interpretation and application of the currently applicable PRC laws, rules, and regulations. As
such, the Group believes the following risks are associated with the Contractual Arrangements:

(i)    If the PRC government finds that the Contractual Arrangements that allow us to consolidate
       the results of operations, assets and liabilities, and cash flows of the Opcos which operate
       the Restricted Businesses do not comply with applicable PRC laws and regulations, we
       could be subject to penalties and our business may be materially and adversely affected;

(ii)   Certain terms of the Contractual Arrangements may not be enforceable under the PRC laws;

(iii) The Contractual Arrangements may not be as effective in providing control over the Opcos
      as equity ownership;

(iv) Any failure by the Opcos or the Registered Owner to perform their obligations under the
     Contractual Arrangements would potentially lead to us having to incur additional costs and
     expend material resources to enforce such arrangements, temporary or permanent loss of
     control over the Restricted Businesses and the revenue from these businesses;

(v)    The Registered Owner may have potential conflicts of interest with us, which may materially
       and adversely affect our business and financial condition;

(vi) The Contractual Arrangements may be subject to scrutiny by the PRC tax authorities and they
     may determine that the Company or the Opcos owe(s) additional taxes, which could
     negatively affect the Group’s financial condition and the value of the Shareholders’
     investment;

(vii) If any of the WFOE or the Opcos becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or liquidation
      proceeding, we may lose the ability to use and enjoy certain important assets, which could
      materially and adversely affect our business;

(viii) The Company’s exercise of the option to acquire the equity interests of the Opcos may be
       subject to certain limitations and the ownership transfer may incur substantial costs;

(ix) The Company does not have any insurance which covers the risks relating to the Contractual
     Arrangements and the transactions contemplated thereunder; and

(x)    The Group’s current corporate structure and business operations may be affected by the
       Foreign Investment Law.




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   65
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     The Group has adopted the following measures to ensure the effective internal control and
     operation of the Group with the implementation of the Contractual Arrangements and the
     compliance with the Contractual Arrangements:

     (i)    major issues arising from the implementation and compliance with the Contractual
            Arrangements or any regulatory enquiries from government authorities will be submitted to
            the Board, if necessary, for review and discussion on an occurrence basis;

     (ii)   the Board will review the overall performance of and compliance with the Contractual
            Arrangements at least once a year;

     (iii) the Company will disclose the overall performance of and compliance with the Contractual
           Arrangements in its annual reports; and

     (iv) the Company will engage external legal advisers or other professional advisers, if necessary,
          to assist the Board to review the implementation of the Contractual Arrangements, review
          the legal compliance of the WFOE and the Opcos to deal with specific issues or matters
          arising from the Contractual Arrangements.

     Material changes in the foreign ownership restriction requirements

     The Contractual Arrangements have been put in place purely to allow the Group to comply with
     the foreign ownership restrictions under FITE Regulations. Save as disclosed, during the
     Reporting Period, there was no other material change in the Contractual Arrangements and/or
     the circumstances under which they were adopted, and none of the Contractual Arrangements
     had been unwound as the regulatory restrictions that led to their adoptions were not removed.

     Listing Rules implications

     Upon further enquiries and review of Alibaba Group, the Company was informed that there was
     an additional layer of contractual arrangements among the Four Individuals, the PRC GP, the
     PRC LPs and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Group, pursuant to which Alibaba Group
     obtained effective control over, and received all the economic benefits of the PRC GP, the PRC
     LPs, the PRC Investco and Beijing Jiukangbao (the “Additional VIE Arrangement”). Accordingly,
     each of the PRC GP, the PRC LPs, the PRC Investco and Beijing Jiukangbao is consolidated into
     the financial statements of Alibaba Group under the VIE Structure Enhancement for accounting
     treatment purpose. As at March 31, 2026, Alibaba Holding is the ultimate shareholder of Perfect
     Advance, TBH and Ali JK, which are the substantial shareholders and connected persons of the
     Company, and holds approximately 63.50% of the issued share capital of the Company via
     Perfect Advance, Alibaba Investment and Ali JK. As such, Beijing Jiukangbao became a
     connected person of the Company by virtue of it becoming an associate of Alibaba Holding
     and, subsequent to the Restructuring, the continuing transactions under the Contractual
     Arrangements constitute continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A
     of the Listing Rules.




66     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT

The Directors (including the independent non-executive Directors) are of the view that it is
inappropriate for the Company to (i) set an annual cap for the transactions under the
Contractual Arrangements under Rule 14A.53 of the Listing Rules; or (ii) limit the term of the
Contractual Arrangements to three years or less under Rule 14A.52 of the Listing Rules on the
following grounds:

(i)    the Previous Contractual Arrangements has been in place since in or around mid-2016 and
       the Contractual Arrangements have terms substantially consistent with those of the
       Previous Contractual Arrangements, and all necessary factual information about the
       Contractual Arrangements have been disclosed in the annual reports;

(ii)   the Contractual Arrangements and the transactions contemplated thereunder are
       fundamental to the Group’s legal structure and business operations as the adoption of the
       Contractual Arrangements enables the Group to continue, through the WFOE, to maintain
       effective control over, and receive all the economic benefits generated by, the businesses
       operated by the Opcos, which in turn hold the ICP Licenses and operate the Restricted
       Businesses;

(iii) the Contractual Arrangements are for fixed terms and for a fixed period, and are entered
      into for the benefit of the Group, and unlike typical connected transactions, since the
      Registered Owner acts as shareholder of the Opcos to facilitate the arrangements whereby
      economic benefits from the Opcos are transferred to the Company, there is no concern of
      leakage of economic benefits to connected persons to the detriment of minority
      shareholders of the Company under the Contractual Arrangements;

(iv) the Directors (including the independent non-executive Directors), consider that the
     Contractual Arrangements are on normal commercial terms or on terms more favourable to
     the Group, in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group and are fair and
     reasonable or to the advantage of the Group, and are in the interests of the Company and
     the Shareholders as a whole; and

(v)    the Company believes that it will not be in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders
       to set any annual cap on the amounts of fees payable to the Company under the
       Contractual Arrangements.

Pursuant to Rule 14A.52 of the Listing Rules, the Group has obtained the opinion from an
independent financial adviser, pursuant to which the independent financial adviser considers
that in relation to the Contractual Arrangements, (i) the continuing connected transactions in
respect of the Contractual Arrangements have been entered into in the Group’s ordinary and
usual course of business on normal commercial terms, on terms that are fair and reasonable,
and in the interest of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole; (ii) a term of longer than
three years is required for the Contractual Arrangements; and (iii) it is normal business practice
for the Contractual Arrangements to be of such duration exceeding three years. For details,
please refer to the announcement of the Company dated June 30, 2023:

(i)    no change without independent non-executive Directors’ approval;



                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   67
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     (ii)   no change without independent Shareholders’ approval;

     (iii) the Contractual Arrangements shall continue to enable our Group to receive the economic
           benefits derived by the Opcos; and

     (iv) the Group will disclose details relating to the Contractual Arrangements on an ongoing basis.

     Confirmation from the independent non-executive Directors

     The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the Contractual Arrangements and
     confirmed that:

     (i)    the transactions carried out during the Reporting Period have been entered into in
            accordance with the relevant provisions of the Contractual Arrangements;

     (ii)   no dividends or other distributions have been made by the Opcos to Beijing Jiukangbao
            which are not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group during the
            Reporting Period; and

     (iii) any contracts entered into between the Group and the Opcos during Reporting Period are
           fair and reasonable, or advantageous to the Shareholders, so far as the Group is
           concerned and in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole.

     The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the aforesaid continuing connected
     transactions for the year ended March 31, 2026 (excluding the Contractual Arrangements) and
     confirmed that these transactions have:

     (i)    been entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

     (ii)   been conducted on normal commercial terms or better; and

     (iii) been conducted in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on the terms
           that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole.

     In respect of the continuing connected transactions (the “Transactions”), Ernst & Young, the
     Company’s auditor, has been engaged to report whether anything has come to their attention
     that causes them to believe that:

     (i)    the Transactions have not been approved by the Company’s board of directors;




68     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(ii)   for those Transactions that involve provision of goods or services by the Group, the
       Transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of
       the Group;

(iii) the Transactions were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the
      relevant agreements governing such transactions;

(iv) the Transactions (other than those transactions with the Registered Owner and the Opcos
     under the contractual arrangements) have exceeded the annual cap as set by the
     Company; and

(v)    for those Transactions with the Registered Owner and the Opcos under the contractual
       arrangements, dividends or other distributions have been made by the Opcos to the
       holders of the equity interests of the Opcos which are not otherwise subsequently
       assigned or transferred to the Group.

The Company’s auditor has confirmed in a letter to the Board that, with respect to the aforesaid
continuing connected transactions for the year ended March 31, 2026:

(i)    nothing has come to the auditor’s attention that causes the auditor to believe that the
       disclosed continuing connected transactions have not been approved by the Company’s
       board of directors;

(ii)   for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come
       to the auditor’s attention that causes the auditor to believe that the transactions were not,
       in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group;

(iii) nothing has come to the auditor’s attention that causes the auditor to believe that the
      transactions were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant
      agreements governing such transactions;

(iv) with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the aforesaid continuing connected
     transactions, nothing has come to the auditor’s attention that causes the auditor to believe
     that the disclosed continuing connected transactions have exceeded the annual cap as set
     by the Company; and

(v)    with respect to the disclosed continuing connected transactions with the Registered Owner
       and the Opcos under the contractual arrangements, nothing has come to the auditor’s
       attention that causes the auditor to believe that dividends or other distributions have been
       made by the Opcos to the holders of the equity interests of the Opcos which are not
       otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group.




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   69
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
During the Reporting Period, save as disclosed in note 33 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Group had no material transactions with its related parties.

The Directors have conducted review of such related party transactions of the Group during the
Reporting Period. All the related party transactions also constitute connected transactions or
continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, and the Company
has complied with the relevant connected transaction requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing
Rules in respect of those connected transactions or continuing connected transactions. The Directors
were not aware of any transactions requiring disclosure of connected transactions in accordance
with the Listing Rules except for those disclosed in this report.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of
the business of the Company were entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
A permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors is currently in force and was in force
throughout the Reporting Period. The Company has taken out and maintained appropriate insurance
coverage in respect of potential legal actions against the Directors and officers of the Company.


DONATIONS
During the Reporting Period, the Group made charitable and other donations totaling RMB2.1
million.


MAJOR LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
During the Reporting Period, the Company had no major legal proceedings or arbitration. To the
knowledge of the Directors, there were no major legal actions or claims that had not been
concluded or may threaten our Company.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN A COMPETING BUSINESS
During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, none of the Directors is considered to
have interests in a business which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with
the business of the Group and has any other conflicts of interest, as required to be disclosed under
the Listing Rules.




70    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT

TAX RELIEF
The Company is not aware of any relief on taxation available to the Shareholders by reason of their
holdings of the Shares. If the Shareholders are unsure about the taxation implications of purchasing,
holding, disposing of, dealing in, or exercising of any rights in relation to the Shares, they are
advised to consult their professional advisers.


SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AFTER THE END OF THE REPORTING PERIOD
There are no significant events of the Group subsequent to March 31, 2026 and up to the date of this
report.


SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and to the knowledge of the
Directors, at least 25% of the Company’s total issued share capital was held by the public as at the
date of this report.


AUDITOR
There have been no changes of auditor of the Company in any of the preceding three years. A
resolution for the reappointment of Ernst & Young as auditor of the Company will be proposed at the
forthcoming annual general meeting.

^    For identification purposes only




On behalf of the Board

SHEN Difan
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Hong Kong
May 14, 2026




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   71
BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. SHEN Difan, aged 47, was appointed as an executive Director and chief executive officer of the
Company on October 13, 2021 and November 28, 2023, respectively. He was appointed as the
chairman of the board and the chairman of the nomination committee of the Company (the
“Nomination Committee”) on December 15, 2025. He currently also serves as a director of certain
subsidiaries of the Company. From October 2020 to November 28, 2023, he served as the chief
operating officer of the Company. He has been a special assistant to the chairman of the board of
directors of Alibaba Holding from March 2020 to October 2021. Mr. Shen was an executive Director
and chief executive officer of the Company from March 2018 to March 2020. Prior to the previous
term with the Company, he was the general manager of Alibaba Group’s AliExpress business from
March 2012 to March 2018, leading the rapid expansion of AliExpress and growing Alibaba Group’s
overseas brand influence. Mr. Shen had held various positions in Alibaba Group since he joined in
2004. Mr. Shen holds a Bachelor Degree in Computing from Yantai University in the PRC.

Ms. SHENG Mengyue, aged 44, was appointed as an executive Director and the chief financial officer
of the Company with effect from close of business on May 15, 2026. She joined Alibaba Group in
December 2019. She was the finance director of Alibaba Group and the chief financial officer of a
joint venture of Alibaba Group. Ms. Sheng possesses more than 20 years of experience in auditing
and financial management within the consumer and e-commerce industries. Prior to joining Alibaba
Group, Ms. Sheng served in senior management positions at various globally leading conglomerates
and domestic corporations from March 2008 to December 2019. Ms. Sheng also served as an auditor
at a Big Four accounting firm from July 2004 to March 2008. Ms. Sheng obtained a Bachelor’s degree
in economics (majoring in international economics and trade) from Shanghai Jiao Tong University in
the PRC in July 2004, and a Sloan Masters in Leadership and Strategy from London Business School
in the United Kingdom in January 2015. Ms. Sheng is a member of the Chinese Institute of Certified
Public Accountants, a Certified Internal Auditor accredited by the Institute of Internal Auditors, and a
member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

Mr. TU Yanwu, aged 48, was appointed as an executive Director on October 23, 2020 and resigned
with effect from close of business on May 15, 2026.


NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Ms. HUANG Jiaojiao, aged 44, was appointed as a non-executive Director on May 15, 2023. She is
currently a member of the remuneration committee of the Company (the “Remuneration
Committee”). Ms. Huang has extensive experience in financial management. She has worked at
Alibaba Holding since December 2017 and is currently its senior finance director. Prior to that, she
was the senior finance manager of Alibaba Group from February 2012 to April 2016. Before joining
Alibaba Group, Ms. Huang worked at the Shanghai branch of KPMG Huazhen LLP from August 2004
to February 2012 with her last position as audit manager. She obtained a Bachelor’s degree of
Management majoring in Accounting in July 2004 from the Shanghai University of Finance and
Economics in the PRC.




72    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. XU Haipeng, aged 39, was appointed as a non-executive Director on October 19, 2023. Mr. Xu
has been serving as the business head on platform user operation and interaction at the User
Development and Operation Center of the Taobao and Tmall business group within Alibaba Group
since March 2022. Mr. Xu also served as the product head of merchant platforms under Taobao
business group’s product and content ecosystem division from December 2019 to February 2022.
Within the Tmall business group, Mr. Xu served as the head of marketing products in the marketing
platform business division from February 2017 to November 2019, and was responsible for
marketing products at the products technology department from March 2011 to January 2017. Mr. Xu
obtained a bachelor’s degree in industrial design in June 2008 from Qilu University of Technology in
the PRC, and a master’s degree in art design in March 2011 from the East China University of
Science and Technology in the PRC.

Mr. ZHU Shunyan, aged 55, served as a non-executive Director, the chairman of the Board and the
chairman of the Nomination Committee and resigned with effect from December 15, 2025.


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa), aged 52, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on
June 9, 2019. She is currently the chairman of the Remuneration Committee and a member of the
audit committee of the Company (the “Audit Committee”). Ms. Huang is currently a General Partner
at BVCF Management Ltd. Ms. Huang has over 20 years of investment banking experience in the
United States and Hong Kong. Prior to joining BVCF, she was Head of Emerging Asia Healthcare
Investment Banking at J.P. Morgan. During her time in investment banking, Ms. Huang worked with
companies and investors across Asia Pacific as well as global multinational companies and
institutional investors. Her coverage included all subsectors of healthcare including pharmaceutical,
biotech, medtech and services. She advised on multiple cross-border mergers and acquisitions and
different stages of capital raising. Ms. Huang is a member of the Biotech Advisory Panel of the Stock
Exchange and a member of the Admission Panel of the Incu-Bio Incubation Programme of the Hong
Kong Science and Technology Parks Corporation. Ms. Huang holds a Master of Business
Administration from The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania in the United States of America.
Ms. Huang has been a member of the InnoHK Steering Committee since February 2023. With effect
from November 2024, she has also been appointed as a member of Steering Committee of the
Research, Academic and Industry Sectors One-plus Scheme (the “RAISe+ Scheme”). The Steering
Committee is set up to advise the Hong Kong government on the implementation of the RAISe+
Scheme, and make recommendations to the Commissioner for Innovation and Technology on
approval of applications under the RAISe+ Scheme.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   73
BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Dr. SHAO Rong, aged 63, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on August 11,
2023. She is currently a member of each of the Audit Committee and the Nomination Committee. Dr.
Shao has extensive experience in the pharmaceutical industry. She currently holds various positions
in China Pharmaceutical University of the PRC, serving as the executive deputy director of its
Research Center of National Drug Policy and Ecosystem and the executive dean of its Institute of
Drug Regulatory Sciences, in charge of regulatory science disciplines and research. Dr. Shao has
been an independent non-executive director and members of the nomination committee, audit
committee, remuneration committee and environmental, social and corporate governance committee
of YSB Inc., a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 9885), since
June 2023. Dr. Shao has also been an independent director of Jiangsu GDK Biotechnology Co., Ltd.
(江蘇金迪克生物技術股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code:
688670) and Shanghai InnoStar Bio-tech Co., Ltd., a company listed on the Science and Technology
Innovation Board of Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 688710), since June 2020 and December
2023, respectively. Since July 2025, she has served as an independent director of Hainan Haiyao Co.,
Ltd. (海南海藥股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000566).
She also served as an independent director at I-Mab, a company listed on the Nasdaq Global Market
(stock symbol: IMAB) from June 2021 to June 2024. Dr. Shao obtained a Bachelor’s degree in
Medicinal Chemistry in July 1983 from Nanjing College of Pharmacy (currently known as China
Pharmaceutical University) in the PRC, a second Bachelor’s degree in Law in July 1989 from Nanjing
University in the PRC and a PhD degree in Pharmacy in July 2010 from Shenyang Pharmaceutical
University in the PRC. Dr. Shao is a qualified lawyer in the PRC, licensed by the Jiangsu Justice
Department in 2009 and is a holder of a Professor Qualification Certificate awarded by the Jiangsu
Provincial Department of Education in August 2003.

Ms. WU May Yihong, formerly named as Wu Ning, aged 58, was appointed as an independent non-
executive Director on August 11, 2023. She is currently the chairwoman of the Audit Committee and
a member of each of the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee. Ms. Wu has been
an independent director of Trip.com Group Limited, the shares of which are listed on NASDAQ (stock
symbol: TCOM) and the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 9961) since February 2026;
an independent director, the chairwoman of the audit committee and a member of the
compensation committee of MakeMyTrip Limited, the shares of which are listed on NASDAQ (stock
symbol: MMYT), since May 2024; an independent director, the chairwoman of the compensation
committee and a member of the corporate governance and nominating committee of Noah Holdings
Limited, the shares of which are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock symbol: NOAH) and
the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 6686) since November 2010; an independent
non-executive director and the chairwoman of the audit committee of Swire Properties Limited, the
shares of which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1972), since May
2017. Ms. Wu worked at Homeinns Hotel Group, the shares of which are listed on NASDAQ (stock
symbol: HMIN), from October 2006 to April 2016, where she served as their board adviser from July
2019 to May 2023, chief strategy officer from May 2010 to June 2019 and chief financial officer from
July 2006 to April 2010. Ms. Wu obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Biochemistry in July 1989 from
Fudan University in the PRC, a Master’s degree of Arts in Economics in June 1993 from the Brooklyn
College of the City University of New York, and a Master’s degree in Business Administration in June
1998 from the J.L. Kellogg Graduate School of Management (currently known as Kellogg School of
Management) of Northwestern University in the United States of America.



74    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Save as disclosed in this report, none of the Directors (i) has any relationship with any Directors,
senior management, substantial Shareholders or controlling Shareholders; (ii) holds any directorship
in any other Hong Kong or overseas listed public companies in the last three years; or (iii) holds any
other positions with the Company or other members of the Group. For details of the interests and
short positions of the Directors in the share capital and underlying shares of the Company or its
associated corporations within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance,
please refer to the paragraph headed “Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions
in Shares and Underlying Shares” in this report. Further, save as disclosed in this report, there is no
other matter with respect to the Directors that needs to be brought to the attention of the
Shareholders and there is no other information of the Directors that is required to be disclosed
pursuant to Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules.


JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Ms. DENG Yan was appointed as one of the joint company secretaries of the Company on August
12, 2023. Ms. Deng has been a qualified lawyer in the PRC since March 2013. She has more than 20
years of working experience and has extensive experience in the legal field. She first joined the
Group as senior legal counsel in December 2016 and has been the general counsel of the Group
since June 2019 and is responsible for leading the legal and compliance department of the Group
and overseeing all legal and compliance matters of the Company. Prior to joining the Group,
Ms. Deng was the legal counsel at the legal and compliance department of Alibaba Group from
June 2014 to December 2016 and was responsible for handling legal matters related to the food,
drug and medical devices sold on Tmall and Taobao platforms. Prior to joining Alibaba Group, from
March 2003 to June 2014, she worked in multiple positions at Beijing Haihong Pharmacy
E-Commerce Company Limited^ (北京海虹藥通電子商務有限公司), a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Searainbow Holding Corp. (海虹企業（控股）股份有限公司) (currently known as China Reform Health
Management and Services Group Co., Ltd (國新健康保障服務集團股份有限公司) which is a company
listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000503), with her last position as deputy
general manager. She obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Law in June 2003 from the Minzu University of
China in the PRC and a Master’s degree in Civil and Commercial Law in January 2011 from Peking
University in the PRC.

Ms. TSUI Hiu Leong was appointed as one of the joint company secretaries of the Company on
August 12, 2023. Ms. Tsui joined the Company in January 2023 as a legal counsel. Ms. Tsui has
extensive experience in advising listed companies on mergers and acquisitions, corporate finance
and compliance of the Listing Rules and securities and corporate laws. Prior to joining the Company,
she worked for Guantao & Chow Solicitors and Notaries as a practising solicitor from 2018 to 2022.
Ms. Tsui obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Law from Jinan University in the PRC, a Master’s degree in
Common Law from The University of Hong Kong and a Bachelor’s degree in Law from Manchester
Metropolitan University in the United Kingdom. She was admitted as a solicitor of the High Court of
Hong Kong in 2018 and is currently a member of the Law Society of Hong Kong.

^    For identification purposes only




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   75
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Company strives to attain and maintain high standards of corporate governance continuously to
enable its shareholders to evaluate how the principles of corporate governance have been applied,
as it believes that effective corporate governance practices are fundamental to safeguarding the
interests of its shareholders and other stakeholders, and to enhancing shareholder value.

In the opinion of the Board, throughout the Reporting Period, the Company has complied with the
code provisions (“Code Provision(s)”) set out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”)
under Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules, except in respect of the following matters:

Code Provision C.2.1 stipulates that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate
and should not be performed by the same individual. Accordingly, the appointment of Mr. Shen
Difan, an executive Director and the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, as the chairman of the
Board with effect from December 15, 2025 deviates from the relevant Code Provision. The Board
believes that the current leadership structure provides the Company with continuity of experience,
strong and consistent leadership, and a unified voice in articulating the Company’s business and
strategy. At the same time, the Board upholds an active oversight framework with robust checks and
balances to protect the interests of the Company and the Shareholders. The Board will continue to
assess the effectiveness of the Company’s leadership structure while fulfilling its fiduciary duty to
determine the governance structure that best serves the interests of the Shareholders.

Code Provision D.1.2 stipulates that management should provide all members of the Board with
monthly updates giving a balanced and understandable assessment of the Company’s performance,
position and prospects in sufficient details to enable the Board as a whole and each Director to
discharge their duties under Rule 3.08 and Chapter 13 of the Listing Rules. The Company from time
to time, based on business needs and conditions, provides to the Board up-to-date business
information and convenes ad hoc meetings for considering material business or management
issues, so as to enable the Directors and the Board as a whole to discharge their duties.


THE BOARD
Composition

As at March 31, 2026, the Board comprised seven Directors, including (i) two executive Directors,
namely Mr. SHEN Difan and Mr. TU Yanwu; (ii) two non-executive Directors, namely Ms. HUANG
Jiaojiao and Mr. XU Haipeng; and (iii) three independent non-executive Directors, namely Ms. HUANG
Yi Fei (Vanessa), Dr. SHAO Rong and Ms. WU May Yihong. Subsequent to March 31, 2026, Mr. Tu
resigned as an executive Director and Ms. SHENG Mengyue was appointed as an executive Director
with effect from close of business on May 15, 2026. Ms. Sheng had obtained the legal advice
referred to in Rule 3.09D of the Listing Rules on May 7, 2026, and she had confirmed that she
understood her obligations as a director of a listed issuer. The name and biographical details of
each Director are disclosed on pages 72 to 75 of this report.

The non-executive Directors and the independent non-executive Directors are appointed for a term of
one year and their respective appointment shall be renewable automatically for successive term of
one year each commencing from the next day after the expiry of the then current term of their
appointment unless terminated by the Company in accordance with the term of their appointment
letters and the provisions of the bye-laws of the Company, respectively.

76    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

During the year ended March 31, 2026 and up to the date of this report, all Directors have brought a
wide spectrum of valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for the
efficient and effective delivery of the Board’s functions. The independent non-executive Directors are
invited to serve on the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination
Committee.

Each independent non-executive Director, pursuant to the guidelines set out in rule 3.13 of the
Listing Rules, has confirmed he/she had been independent of the Company throughout the year
ended March 31, 2026 and up to the date of this report, and the Company also considers that they
have been independent. Each independent non-executive Director is subject to the requirement that
one-third of all the Directors shall retire from office by rotation at each annual general meeting
pursuant to the bye-laws of the Company. Save as disclosed in the section headed “Biographical
Information of Directors and Senior Management” of this report, there is no relationship (including
financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationship) between each Director
(including independent non-executive Director) and the other members of the Board or the senior
management.

Function

The key responsibilities of the Board include, among other things, formulating the Group’s overall
strategies, setting any major acquisition and disposal, major capital investment and dividend
policies, regulating and reviewing internal controls, formulating the Company’s corporate
governance policy, supervising management’s performance and reviewing the adequacy of the
Group’s resources.

In addition, the Board reserves the authority to make final decisions for all major matters of the
Company, which include among others, approving and monitoring of all policy matters, overall
strategies and budgets, risk management and internal control systems, adoption of various
corporate governance policies, dividend payout (if any), preparation and release of financial
information, material and connected transactions, appointment of Directors and other significant
financial and operational matters.

In order to enhance efficiency, the Board has delegated the day-to-day responsibilities, operations
and decisions to the executive Directors and the senior management of the Company who perform
their duties under the leadership of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.

The independent non-executive Directors play a significant role on the Board by virtue of their
independent judgment and their views carry significant weight in the Board’s decisions. They bring
an impartial view on issues of the Company’s strategies, performance and controls.

The Company views that well-developed and timely reporting systems and internal controls are
essential, and the Board plays a key role in the implementation and monitoring of internal financial
controls.




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   77
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Board recognizes that corporate governance should be the collective responsibility of Directors
and their corporate governance duties include:

(a)   to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and to
      make recommendations to the Board;

(b)   to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and
      senior management;

(c)   to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and
      regulatory requirements;

(d)   to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to
      employees and Directors; and

(e)   to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the corporate governance
      report.

During the Reporting Period, the Board has performed the above corporate governance duties.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Code Provision C.2.1 stipulates that the roles of chairman and chief executive should be separate
and should not be performed by the same individual. With effect from December 15, 2025, Mr. SHEN
Difan, the executive Director and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, was appointed as the
Chairman of the Board. The Board believes that the current leadership structure provides the
Company with continuity of experience, strong and consistent leadership, and a unified voice in
articulating the Company’s business and strategy. At the same time, the Board upholds an active
oversight framework with robust checks and balances to protect the interests of the Company and its
shareholders. The Board will continue to assess the effectiveness of the Company’s leadership
structure while fulfilling its fiduciary duty to determine the governance structure that best serves the
interests of shareholders.




78     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Board held five Board meetings during the Reporting Period. Agenda and accompanying board
papers were sent to all Directors in a timely manner. Directors who could not attend in person could
participate through electronic means of communications. Individual attendance of each Director at
the Board meetings, Board Committee meetings and general meetings during the Reporting Period
are set out in the table below:

                                       Number of meetings attended/Number of meetings eligible to attend
                                    Annual        Special                              Audit Remuneration              Nomination
                                   General       General             Board         Committee   Committee                Committee
Directors                          Meeting       Meeting            Meeting          Meeting     Meeting                  Meeting


Executive Directors
Mr. SHEN Difan (Chairman and
  Chief Executive Officer)
  (appointed as the chairman
  of the Board with effect from
  December 15, 2025)                   1/1             1/1               5/5               N/A               N/A              N/A
Ms. SHENG Mengyue (appointed
  with effect from close of
  business on May 15, 2026)           N/A             N/A                N/A               N/A               N/A              N/A
Mr. TU Yanwu (resigned with
  effect from close of business
  on May 15, 2026)                     1/1             1/1               5/5               N/A               N/A              N/A

Non-executive Directors
Mr. ZHU Shunyan (resigned on
  December 15, 2025)                   1/1            N/A                4/4               N/A               N/A              2/2
Ms. HUANG Jiaojiao                     1/1            1/1                5/5               N/A               2/2              N/A
Mr. XU Haipeng                         1/1            1/1                5/5               N/A               N/A              N/A

Independent Non-executive
   Directors
Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa)             1/1             1/1               5/5                4/4              2/2              N/A
Dr. SHAO Rong                          1/1             1/1               5/5                4/4              N/A              2/2
Ms. WU May Yihong                      1/1             1/1               5/5                4/4              2/2              2/2

Directors’ Training

Each newly-appointed Director is offered training by the Company upon his or her appointment, so
as to ensure that they have appropriate understanding of the Company’s business and they are
aware of their duties as directors under the applicable laws and regulations.




                                             ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report    79
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Pursuant to Code Provision C.1.4, all directors should participate in continuous professional
development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills. This is to ensure that their
contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant. During the Reporting Period, save for
Ms. Sheng Mengyue who was appointed as a Director after the Reporting Period, all of the following
Directors participated in continuous professional development by attending seminar or by
self-studying of materials on topics related to corporate governance, regulations and business:

Executive Directors

Mr. SHEN Difan                                                                          Attend seminar and self-study
Ms. Sheng Mengyue (appointed with effect from close of                                                            N/A
business on May 15, 2026)
Mr. TU Yanwu (resigned with effect from close of business on                            Attend seminar and self-study
May 15, 2026)

Non-executive Directors

Ms. HUANG Jiaojiao                                                                      Attend seminar and self-study
Mr. XU Haipeng                                                                          Attend seminar and self-study
Mr. ZHU Shunyan (resigned on December 15, 2025)                                         Attend seminar and self-study

Independent Non-executive Directors

Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa)                                                              Attend seminar and self-study
Dr. SHAO Rong                                                                           Attend seminar and self-study
Ms. WU May Yihong                                                                       Attend seminar and self-study

Board Committees

During the Reporting Period, the Company maintained the Audit Committee, the Nomination
Committee and the Remuneration Committee in compliance with the Listing Rules and the relevant
Code Provisions.

Remuneration Committee

During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee comprised Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa)
(Chairman), Ms. HUANG Jiaojiao, and Ms. WU May Yihong with specific terms of reference which
clearly deals with its authority and duties.

The main duties of the Remuneration Committee include:

(a)   to make recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for all Directors
      and senior management remuneration and other remuneration related matters and on the
      establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing the remuneration policy;




80     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

(b)   to assess the performance of executive Directors and approve the terms of executive Directors’
      service contract and make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of
      individual executive Directors and senior management, including benefits in kind, pension rights
      and compensation payments (including any compensation payable for loss or termination of
      their office or appointment);

(c)   to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors;

(d)   to review and approve the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s
      corporate goals and objectives; and

(e)   to review, provide its view on and/or approve matters relating to share schemes under Chapter
      17 of the Listing Rules (including but not limited to any change to the terms of share options or
      awards granted to the Directors and the management of the Company).

The Remuneration Committee held two meetings during the Reporting Period. The Remuneration
Committee discussed and made recommendations on the remuneration to be paid to the Directors
for the Reporting Period, and the grant of share options and restricted share units under the 2024
Share Award Scheme.

According to the 2024 Share Award Scheme, the Board or the Remuneration Committee (as the case
may be) is entitled to impose any terms and conditions as it deems appropriate in its absolute
discretion with respect to the vesting of the Options provided that the vesting period for the Options
shall not be less than 12 months unless under specific circumstances set out in the Share Award
Scheme. During the Reporting Period, some of the Share Awards granted to the grantees during the
Reporting Period have a vesting period that is less than 12 months due to administrative reasons.
The period between the date of grant and the first vesting date is less than 12 months to reflect the
time from which the Share Awards would have been granted to the grantees. The Share Awards
granted during the Reporting Period are generally not subject to performance targets but are subject
to the clawback mechanism in which any circumstances as specified in the respective grant letter
shall arise, which include among others, the termination of the grantee’s employment or service by
the Company or any of its subsidiaries by reason of the employer terminating the contract of
employment without notice or payment in lieu of notice, the grantee has committed an act of theft,
embezzlement, fraud, dishonesty, ethical breach or other similar acts or the commission of a criminal
offence or any conduct that is materially adverse to the name, reputation or interests of the Group,
the Share Awards granted but unvested will automatically lapse and not be exercisable (with regard
to share options), in respect of the underlying Shares with effect upon the occurrence of the relevant
circumstances.

Having considered that (i) the grantees are Directors, directors of subsidiaries of the Company,
employees of the Company and employees of affiliate(s) of the Company and the grant of Share
Awards would provide them with the opportunity to acquire equity interests in the Company as
recognition of their contribution to the success and development of the Group, and (ii) the Share
Awards vest over a certain time period on a yearly basis which motivates them to remain with, and
to strive for the future development and expansion of, the Group and the Remuneration Committee
considered that performance targets are not necessary for the Share Awards granted.



                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   81
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Having considered the above, the Remuneration Committee was of the view that it is appropriate to
approve the grant of Share Awards on such terms to the grantees as it would encourage them to
work towards the success of the Group and reinforce their commitment to providing long term
services to the Group, which aligns with the interests of the Company and its shareholders and is in
line with the purpose of the 2024 Share Award Scheme.

Audit Committee

During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee comprised Ms. WU May Yihong (Chairman),
Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa) and Dr. SHAO Rong with specific terms of reference which clearly deals
with its authority and duties.

The main duties of the Audit Committee include:

(a)   to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment, reappointment and removal of the
      external auditor, and to approve the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external
      auditor, and any questions in relation to its resignation or dismissal;

(b)   to discuss with the external auditor the nature and scope of the audit and reporting obligations
      before the audit commences;

(c)   to review the half-year and annual financial statements and annual and interim reports and
      accounts before submission to the Board;

(d)   to discuss problems and reservations arising from the interim and final audits, and any matters
      the auditor may wish to discuss;

(e)   to review the external auditor’s management letter, any material queries raised by the auditor
      to the management about the accounting records, financial accounts or systems of control and
      management’s response;

(f)   to review the Company’s financial controls, risk management systems and internal control
      systems;

(g)   to review and monitor the effectiveness of the internal audit function, and ensure coordination
      with the external auditor, and ensure the internal audit function has adequate resources and
      appropriate standing within the Company;

(h)   to discuss the risk management and internal control system with management to ensure that
      management has performed its duty to have an effective system. This discussion should include
      the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training program and budget of
      the Company’s accounting and financial reporting function;

(i)   to report on how it met its responsibilities in its review of the interim and annual results of the
      Company; and




82     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

(j)   to consider the major investigation findings on risk management and internal control matters
      and management’s response to these findings (if any).

The Audit Committee held two meetings during the Reporting Period. The Audit Committee reviewed
the financial statements of the Company for the Corresponding Period and for the six months period
ended September 30, 2025, re-appointment of Ernst & Young as auditor of the Company, internal
controls and risk management system and Ernst & Young’s audit plan for the Reporting Period, and
made relevant recommendations to the Board for its approval.

During the Reporting Period, a specialized internal audit function carried out the analysis and
independent appraisal of the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and
internal control systems.

Nomination Committee

The Nomination Committee comprised Mr. ZHU Shunyan (Chairman) (resigned with effect from
December 15, 2025), Mr. SHEN Difan (Chairman) (appointed with effect from December 15, 2025),
Dr. SHAO Rong and Ms. WU May Yihong with specific terms of reference which clearly deals with its
authority and duties.

The main duties of the Nomination Committee include:

(a)   to review the structure, size, composition and diversity (including but not limited to gender, age,
      cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills and knowledge) of the
      Board at least annually, assist the board in maintaining a board skills matrix, and to make
      recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the Company’s
      corporate strategy;

(b)   to identify individuals suitably qualified to become Board members and select or make
      recommendations to the Board on the selection of individual(s) nominated for directorship(s),
      upon due consideration of the board diversity policy (the ‘‘Board Diversity Policy’’), the
      nomination policy and any other relevant policies of the Company;

(c)   to assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors;

(d)   to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment or removal of
      Directors and succession planning for Directors, in particular the chairman of the Board and the
      chief executive officer of the Company; and

(e)   to support the Company’s regular evaluation of the Board’s performance.

The Nomination Committee held two meetings during the Reporting Period. The Nomination
Committee, identified and nominated qualified individual(s) for appointment as additional Director(s)
or to fill Board vacancies as and when they arise, assessed the independence of the independent
non-executive Directors, reviewed the retirement schedule, made recommendations on the
retirement and re-election of Directors and reviewed the composition, size and diversity of the
Board.


                                           ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   83
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

NOMINATION POLICY
The Board has adopted a nomination policy which sets out the criteria and process in the
nomination and appointment of Directors. Below are the nomination procedures and the process
and criteria adopted by the Nomination Committee to select and recommend candidates for
directorship.

Selection Criteria

The Nomination Committee shall consider the following criteria in evaluating and selecting
candidates for directorships:

•    character and integrity;

•    qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience and diversity
     aspects under the Board Diversity Policy that are relevant to the Company’s business and
     corporate strategy;

•    any measurable objectives adopted for achieving diversity on the Board;

•    (in case of independent non-executive Directors) requirement for the Board to have independent
     non-executive Directors in accordance with the Listing Rules and whether the candidate would
     be considered independent with reference to the independence guidelines set out in the Listing
     Rules;

•    any potential contributions the candidate can bring to the Board in terms of qualifications, skills,
     experience, independence and gender diversity;

•    willingness and ability to devote adequate time to discharge duties as a member of the Board
     and/or Board committee(s) of the Company; and

•    any other perspectives that are appropriate to the Company’s business and succession plan and
     where applicable, may be adopted and/or amended by the Board and/or the Nomination
     Committee from time to time for nomination of Directors and succession planning.




84    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Directors Nomination Procedures

The Board has the relevant procedures for Directors’ nomination which are pursuant to the Listing
Rules and the Company’s bye-laws as detailed below.

(a) Appointment of New Director

    The Nomination Committee or the company secretary of the Company shall call for a meeting
    of the Nomination Committee upon receipt of any nominations of candidates. The Nomination
    Committee should evaluate such candidate based on the selection criteria mentioned above to
    determine whether such candidate is qualified for directorship. The Nomination Committee
    should then recommend to the Board to appoint the appropriate candidate for directorship. For
    any person that is nominated by a Shareholder for election as a Director at the general
    meeting, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should evaluate such candidate based
    on the same selection criteria as mentioned above to determine whether such candidate is
    qualified for directorship, and where appropriate, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board
    should make recommendation to the Shareholders in respect of the proposed election of
    Director at the general meeting. The Board should have the final decision on all matters
    relating to its recommendation of candidates to stand for election at any general meeting.

(b) Re-election of Director at General Meeting

    Retiring Directors are eligible for nomination by the Board to stand for re-election at the
    general meeting according to the bye-laws of the Company. The Nomination Committee and/or
    the Board should review the overall contribution and service of the retiring Director to the
    Company, his/her level of participation and performance on the Board and determine whether
    the retiring Director continues to meet the above selection criteria. The Nomination Committee
    and/or the Board should then make recommendation to the Shareholders in respect of the
    proposed re-election of Director at the general meeting.


BOARD AND WORKFORCE DIVERSITY
With effect from June 19, 2014, the Board adopted a board diversity policy setting out the approach
to achieve diversity on the Board. The Board considered that the diversity of Board members can be
achieved through the consideration of a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age,
cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length
of service. All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered
against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity of the Board. The
Nomination Committee reviews the board diversity policy on a regular basis and discusses any
revisions that might be required, and recommends to the Board for consideration and approval. An
annual review of this policy for the Reporting Period has been conducted. The Board is satisfied with
the implementation and effectiveness of the board diversity policy.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   85
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

As at March 31, 2026, the Board comprised three males and four females, and among the 1,394
employees of the Group (including the senior management), the ratio of male to female staff was
approximately 1:1. The Board considers that the Board, the Group’s senior management and
workforce are all diverse in terms of gender. At present, the Company has not set any measurable
objectives for implementation of the diversity policies in relation to the Board members and the
workforce of the Group (including gender diversity). However, the Company will consider and review
from time to time such diversity policies (including gender diversity) and setting of any measurable
objectives (if applicable).


MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted its own code for securities transactions by the (i) Directors; and (ii)
certain officers and employees of the Company or its subsidiaries that are considered to be likely in
possession of unpublished inside information in relation to the Company or its securities, on terms
not less exacting than those in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
Companies (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules.

In response to specific enquiries made by the Company to all Directors, all Directors have confirmed
that they have complied with the Model Code and the Company’s code for securities transactions
throughout the Reporting Period.


JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
During the Reporting Period, the joint company secretaries, Ms. Deng Yan and Ms. Tsui Hiu Leong,
had taken relevant professional training for no less than 15 hours in accordance with the
requirements of Rule 3.29 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.


REMUNERATION OF SENIOR MANAGEMENT BY BAND
The remuneration of the senior management of the Company (namely two Directors, whose
biographies are set out on page 72 of this report) during the Reporting Period falls under the
following bands:

                                                                                        Number of
Band of remuneration (RMB)                                                              individuals


1,000,000 to 5,000,000                                                                            1
5,000,001 to 10,000,000                                                                           —
10,000,001 to 15,000,000                                                                          1

Further particulars of Directors’ remuneration and the five highest paid employees of the Company
as required to be disclosed pursuant to Appendix D2 to the Listing Rules are set out in notes 7 and
8 to the consolidated financial statements respectively.




86    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
The remuneration paid to Ernst & Young for audit and non-audit services for the Reporting Period
amounted to approximately RMB4,300,000 and RMB2,573,000, respectively. The non-audit services
provided by Ernst & Young to the Group were in relation to the review service on the interim results,
limited assurance services on continuing connected transactions, other professional service related to
the environmental, social and governance assessment, tax review service and transfer pricing review
service.


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS
The Board and the management of the Group maintain a sound and effective system of internal
controls of the Group so as to ensure the effectiveness and efficiency of operations of the Group in
achieving its established corporate objectives, safeguarding assets of the Group, rendering reliable
financial reporting and complying with the applicable laws and regulations.

The Board is also responsible for making appropriate assertions on the adequacy of internal controls
over financial reporting and the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures. Through the
Audit Committee, the Board reviews the effectiveness of these systems. For the avoidance of doubt,
such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business
objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material
misstatement or loss.

It is also the Board’s responsibility to review the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management
system and ensure that risk management controls are sound and effective to safeguard the
investment of the Shareholders and the Group’s assets at all times. In connection with this, the
Board formed a risk management committee (the “Risk Management Committee”) on November
23, 2016 to discharge its role in monitoring and in exercising oversight over the risk management of
the Company.

During the Reporting Period, the Company has regularly monitored its transactions in the identifying
potential connected transactions to ensure that connected transaction implications on VIE
arrangements would be identified in a prompt manner, and relevant staff and management had
also attended training on legal and compliance matters related to the Listing Rules.

The Audit Committee and the Board performed its annual review of the Group’s risk management
and internal controls for each financial year from April 1 to March 31 and concluded that for the
Reporting Period, (a) the Group’s risk management and internal control systems were effective and
adequate; (b) the Group had adopted the necessary control mechanisms to monitor and correct
non-compliance; and (c) the Group had complied satisfactorily with the requirements of the CG Code
in respect of risk management and internal control systems.




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   87
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

SHAREHOLDER COMMUNICATION POLICY
Purpose

1.   This policy aims at ensuring that the Shareholders, both individual and institutional, and, in
     appropriate circumstances, the investment community at large, are provided with ready, equal
     and timely access to balanced and understandable information about the Company (including
     its financial performance, strategic goals and plans, material developments, governance and
     risk profile), to enable Shareholders to exercise their rights in an informed manner, and to allow
     Shareholders and the investment community to engage actively with the Company.

Communication Strategies

Communication with the Company

2.   Shareholders may direct questions, request for publicly available information and provide
     comments and suggestions to Directors or management of the Company. Those questions,
     requests and comments can be sent by mail to the company secretary of the Company at 26/F,
     Tower 1, Times Square, 1 Matheson Street, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong.

3.   Shareholders may direct their questions about their shareholdings by mail to the Company’s Share
     Registrar, Tricor Investor Services Limited at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road,
     Hong Kong.

Corporate Website

4.   The Company communicates to its Shareholders through announcements and interim and annual
     reports published on its website at http://www.irasia.com/listco/hk/alihealth/. The information
     on the website is updated on a regular basis.

5.   Information released by the Company to the Stock Exchange is also posted on the Stock
     Exchange’s website immediately thereafter. Such information includes financial statements,
     results announcements, circulars and notices of general meetings and associated explanatory
     documents etc.

Shareholders’ meetings

6.   The Shareholders are encouraged to participate in general meetings or to appoint proxies to
     attend and vote at meetings for and on their behalf if they are unable to attend the meetings.

7.   The process of the Company’s general meetings will be monitored and reviewed on a regular
     basis, and, if necessary, changes will be made to ensure that Shareholders’ needs are best
     served.

8.   Board members, in particular, either the chairman of the Board or chairman of Board committees
     or their delegates, appropriate management executives and external auditor will attend annual
     general meetings to answer Shareholders’ questions.


88    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Upon reviewing the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders’ communication policy of
the Company, the Board considers the policy and its implementation are effective as the policy has
provided effective channels for Shareholders, potential investors and other stakeholders of the Group
to communicate their views with the Company and the Company has complied with the principles
and required practices as set out in the policy as described above during the Reporting Period.

Shareholder Privacy

The Company recognizes the importance of the Shareholders’ privacy and will not disclose
Shareholders’ information without their consent, except where required by applicable laws and
regulations, any stock exchanges (including the Stock Exchange) or any governmental, judicial or
relevant competent authorities.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Procedures for shareholders to convene a special general meeting

Shareholders, holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one tenth of the
paid-up capital of the Company carrying the right to vote at general meetings of the Company, shall
at all times have the right by written requisition to the Board or the company secretary, to require a
special general meeting (the “SGM”) to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business
specified in such requisition.

The requisitionists must state the purpose of the meeting and their contact details in the requisition,
and sign and deposit the requisition at the principal place of business of the Company for the
attention of the company secretary.

The SGM shall be held within two months from the deposit of the requisition. If the Board fails to
proceed to convene the SGM within 21 days of such deposit, the requisitionists may convene the
SGM by themselves in accordance with the provisions of Section 74(3) of the Companies Act 1981 of
Bermuda (as amended) (the “Companies Act”).

Procedures for putting forward proposals at general meetings

Shareholders holding not less than 5% of the total voting rights of all Shareholders having a right to
vote at the general meeting or not less than 100 Shareholders can submit a written request stating
a resolution to be moved at the annual general meeting or a statement of not more than 1,000
words with respect to a matter referred to in any proposed resolution or the business to be dealt
with at a particular general meeting.

The requisitionists must sign and deposit the written request or statement at the registered office of
the Company and the principal place of business of the Company for the attention of the company
secretary, not less than six weeks before the annual general meeting in the case of a requisition
requiring notice of a resolution and not less than one week before the general meeting in the case
of any other requisition.




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   89
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

If the written request is in order, the company secretary will ask the Board to include the resolution
in the agenda for the annual general meeting, as the case may be, to circulate the statement for the
general meeting, provided that the requisitionists have deposited a sum of money reasonably
determined by the Board sufficient to meet the expenses in serving the notice of the resolution and/
or circulating the statement submitted by the requisitionists in accordance with the statutory
requirements to all the registered Shareholders.

Procedures for sending enquiries to the Board

Shareholders may send their enquiries with sufficient contact details to the Board at the principal
place of the business of the Company for the attention of the company secretary. When the written
enquiries are in order, the Company will direct them to the Board.


CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
There were no changes in the constitutional documents of the Company during the Reporting Period.

The Board will propose to amend the existing bye-laws of the Company to, inter alia, (i) give greater
flexibility to the Board in relation to the declaration and payment of dividends and distributions to
the Shareholders by allowing the Board to, from time to time, declare and pay to the Shareholders
such dividends or make distributions to the Shareholders out of contributed surplus (in addition to
out of profit) of the Company, according to their rights and interests, as appear to the Board to be
justified by the profits of the Company; and (ii) align with the Listing Rules amendments in relation
to the uncertificated securities market regime to be implemented by the Stock Exchange; (iii) align
with the Listing Rules amendments in relation to the further expansion of the paperless listing
regime and the electronic dissemination of corporate communications by listed issuers; and (iv)
incorporate other consequential and housekeeping changes (the “Proposed Amendments”). The
Proposed Amendments will be presented to the Shareholders for approval as a special resolution at
the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company.


DIVIDEND POLICY
The Company has adopted a dividend policy that, in recommending or declaring dividends, the
Company shall maintain adequate and sufficient cash reserves for meeting its working capital
requirements and future growth as well as its shareholder value. The Board has the full discretion to
declare and distribute dividends to the Shareholders, and any final dividend for a financial year will
be subject to Shareholders’ approval. In proposing any dividend payout, the Board shall also take
into account, among other things, the Group’s financial results, financial position, cash flow
situation, business conditions and strategies, expected future operations and earnings, capital
requirements and expenditure plans, interests of Shareholders, any restrictions on payment of
dividends and any other factors the Board may consider relevant. Any payment of the dividend by
the Company is also subject to any restrictions under the Companies Act, the Company’s bye-laws
and all applicable laws and regulations.




90    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

MECHANISM ON OBTAINING INDEPENDENT VIEWS AND INPUT
The Board has adopted a mechanism on obtaining independent views and input in that the Board,
Board committees or individual Directors may seek such independent professional advice, views and
input as considered necessary to fulfil their responsibilities and in exercising independent judgement
when making decisions in furtherance of their Directors’ duties at the Company’s expense.

Independent professional advice shall include legal advice and advice of accountants and other
professional financial advisers on matters of law, accounting, tax and other regulatory matters.

Despite having obtained any information or advice from independent professional advisers, the
Directors are expected to exercise independent judgement in forming their decisions.

All Directors are aware of this mechanism. An annual review of this mechanism for the Reporting
Period has been conducted. The Board is satisfied with the implementation and effectiveness of this
mechanism.


WHISTLEBLOWING POLICY
The Company’s whistleblowing policy was adopted on November 29, 2022. The Company’s
whistleblowing policy allows employees and relevant third parties who deal with the Group to voice
concerns, in confidence and anonymity, with the integrity department of the Company about
misconduct, malpractice or irregularities in any matters related to the Group who then conducts an
investigation into the matter and later report on the findings of such investigation to the Audit
Committee (or any designated committee comprising a majority of independent non-executive
directors).


ANTI-CORRUPTION POLICY
The Company has adopted an Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy, which sets forth the
obligations and responsibilities of the Company on the prevention of corruption and bribery
practices and provide standards and guidelines for all employees. The Company and its employees
are subject to anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and regulations in the jurisdictions where their
business is conducted.

The anti-corruption policy will be reviewed on a regular basis, and any conduct or activity in
violation of the policy will be reported to the legal and compliance department of the Company.


HANDLING AND DISSEMINATION OF INSIDE INFORMATION
The Company has in place a policy for the handling and disclosure of inside information in
compliance with the SFO and the Listing Rules. The policy sets out the procedures and internal
controls for the handling and dissemination of inside information in a timely manner so as to allow
all the shareholders and stakeholders to assess the latest position of the Group.




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   91
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Under the policy, if an employee is aware of any information which he/she thinks could potentially
constitute inside information, the employee should consult his/her supervisor who should consider
whether to report the matter to the chief financial officer or chief legal officer of the Company.

Directors regularly attend seminars and/or self-study materials on this subject matter to facilitate
their understanding and compliancy with the policy.


DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN PREPARING THE FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the Company’s financial statements of
the Group (the “Financial Statements”) which give a true and fair view and are in accordance with
Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards published by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. The Directors endeavor to ensure a balanced, clear and understandable assessments of
the Group’s performance, position and prospects in financial reporting. Accordingly, appropriate
accounting policies are selected and applied consistently; judgments and estimates made are
prudent and reasonable.

The statement of the Company’s auditor about their reporting responsibilities on the Financial
Statements is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 102 to 108 of this report.




92    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
   RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

1. RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
  The Group considers risk management and internal control to be a core part of its operational
  management and business activities, establishing a comprehensive risk management system
  that is in line with the Group’s strategy and its specific business characteristics, continually
  optimizing its risk management organizational structure, enhancing its risk management
  processes, adopting qualitative and quantitative risk management approaches to drive better
  identification, assessment and response of risks, to achieve a balance between risks and
  rewards, and to achieve sustainable development of the Group’s businesses while appropriately
  managing risks.


2. RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL FRAMEWORK
  The risk management and internal control systems aim to support the Group in realizing its
  strategic objectives, vision and mission as well as the sustainable development of its business.
  The risk management objectives of strategy, operation, reporting and compliance can be
  achieved through risk identification, assessment, response and relevant monitoring measures.
  Risk management capability is one of our core competitive competencies, and we believe that
  implementing risk management and internal control systems over each business segment and
  every functional department across the Group will help enhance long-term shareholder value.
  The Group’s risk management and internal control framework includes three levels: strategy,
  management and operation.




                                                                                                                        Strategy Level
                                                              Risk
                                                            Strategy

                                                         Risk Objectives

                                                         Risk Appetite


                                                                                        nu
                                                     Risk Management                nt i
                               Sy                 Organizational Structure        Co




                                                                                                                         Management Level
                                 ste                                                  al
                                     m
                                                                                        Im
                               nt
                                                                                                     n
                           na                                                                     me
                             ge               Identify                   Assess                 ve
                                                                                             pro
                               me
                          Ma                                                                       ta
                         isk                       Risk Management                                  nd
                      fR                               Processes                                           ha
                   to                                                                                    En
                  yo                     Report                                                                    t
                     u                                      Monitor           Respond                           en
                                                                                                             em
                                                                                                           nc
                 La




                                    Risk Management Assurance Mechanism
                                                                                                                       Operation

                                                                                                                         Level
                                                                                       Communication
                  Business Processes                Performance Appraisal
                                                                                        and Training




                                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report         93
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

•    Risk Management Strategy

     The Group’s risk management strategy aims at “ensuring steady growth and sustainable
     development of the Group’s businesses through continual optimization of the Group’s risk
     management framework, capability and culture”.

•    Risk Management Objectives

     The Group’s risk management objectives include: (1) strategic objective — to construct our risk
     management and internal control systems so that they are compatible with the Group’s
     strategic objectives and business development, and support the achievement of its strategic
     goals and sustainable business development; (2) operational objective — to continuously
     improve the Group’s risk management capabilities, thereby reducing uncertainties in the
     achievement of our operational goals, supporting our business expansion and innovative
     activities, and ensuring the efficiency and effectiveness of our operational activities; (3)
     reporting objective — to ensure the validity, accuracy and completeness of our financial and
     operation management reporting; and (4) compliance objective — to ensure compliance with
     both external regulatory requirements and internal management policies, standardize our
     operational management and business processes to maintain the legality and compliance of
     each business activity of the Company.

•    Risk Appetite

     Risk appetite sets the tone for the Group’s overall risk profile. Having adopted a prudent stance
     in the determination of its risk appetite, the Group integrates its development strategies with its
     risk appetite by taking into account its overall strategic deployment and the needs of each
     business segment, thereby facilitating the healthy operation and sustainable growth of the
     Group as well as each business line.




94    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
        RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

•   Risk Management Organizational Structure

    The Group’s risk management organizational structure has three levels: governance,
    management and execution. The risk management responsibilities and reporting relationships
    of the different levels are illustrated below.


                                                                                       The Board
                                                                            Ensure that eﬀective risk management             Oversee management’s design,
                             Assess and determine the nature and
                                                                            and internal control systems have been        implementation and monitoring of the
                           level of risks that the Company is willing
                                                                              established and maintained by the          Company’s risk management and internal
                            to accept to achieve its strategic goals




              Governance
                                                                                           Company                         control systems on an ongoing basis




                                  Risk Management Committee                                                          Audit Committee

                             Review and provide assurance to the Board on the eﬀective
                                                                                                     Review the eﬀectiveness of the Company's risk management
                           design and implementation of the Company’s risk management
                                                                                                        and internal control systems, and report to the Board
                                           and internal control systems




                               Operation and Management Committee, Comprehensive


              Management
                           Business Risk Management Committee, and Senior Management

                             Manage and control business risks, and help the management quickly identify and formulate risk response
                             strategies. Design, implement and monitor the risk management and internal control systems, and provide
                                                 assurance to the Risk Management Committee on their eﬀectiveness




                                Business Team                              Risk Management Team                             Internal Audit Team
                            (First Line of Defence)                       (Second Line of Defence)                        (Third Line of Defence)

              Execution     Each business team takes responsibility
                                                                           Risk governance, quality control, internal
                                                                                                                          Conduct independent supervision and
                                                                           control, ﬁnance and legal teams conduct
                           for daily business operation and internal                                                      assessment on the eﬀectiveness of risk
                                                                            daily supervision of the work at the First
                                        control functions                                                                   management and internal control
                                                                                        Line of Defence




•   Risk Management Processes

    •    Risk identification — based on the Group’s strategic and operational objectives, management
         identifies uncertainties and risk exposures which could affect the Group in realizing its
         strategic and operational objectives in nine major areas, including strategy, operation,
         quality, customers service, finance, laws, human resources, information technology and
         data, and reputation.

    •    Risk assessment — management and its management team evaluate and rate the identified
         risks based on the two dimensions of probability and impact and ranks them as “high”,
         “moderate” or “low” based on the rating results.

    •    Risk response — risk response strategies include risk avoidance, transfer, mitigation and
         acceptance. Based on the risk identification and assessment results, management adopts
         appropriate risk response strategy to design relevant measures to address the specific risk.




                                                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report             95
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

     •       Risk monitoring — risk monitoring is to oversee the implementation of risk response measures
             as well as to continuously improve the effectiveness of internal control activities, which
             includes ongoing monitoring during daily business operation and regular independent
             assessment.

     •       Risk reporting — risk reporting is to report on the effectiveness of the design and
             implementation of the risk management and internal control systems to the Group
             management, the Board, the Audit Committee and the Risk Management Committee.

•    Risk Management Assurance Mechanisms

     •       The Group’s management actions for risk response include processes and internal control
             activities at the organizational, operational, financial reporting and IT system levels. The
             relevant processes and internal control activities have been recorded in internal control
             manuals and policies, which are published on our policy management platform as
             reference and learning materials for all employees. The Group also established a rules
             center to publicize policies and requirements in respect of the management of partners
             and businesses.

     •       Risk management performance appraisal provides assurance for risk management
             implementation and the Group ensures implementation of its risk management strategies
             by raising all employees’ risk awareness, standardizing internal control processes and
             adopting the accountability mechanism of all employees.

     •       The Group ensures the implementation of operational procedures, policies and internal
             control activities through related communication and trainings on risk management and
             internal control, which may take such forms as centralized training sessions, seminars, on-
             job communication and instructions, online video courses, e-mail reminders and online
             examinations etc., covering content such as policies, internal control, legal and regulatory
             compliance, integrity, and data security management.


3. MAIN RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL WORK
   CONDUCTED DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
     •       During the Reporting Period, the Risk Management Committee held a meeting to review the
             risk management and internal control systems and reported to the Board. The tasks
             completed by the Risk Management Committee during the Reporting Period included:(1)
             discussion and review of the Group’s findings on major risk identification and assessment,
             the risk management strategies and control measures in response to key risks; (2)
             discussion and review of the Risk Management and Internal Control Report required to be
             disclosed in the annual report for the Reporting Period; and (3) discussion and review of
             the work plan and key points of risk management and internal control work for the
             financial year ending March 31, 2027 (“FY2027”) as well as the expected output and
             timetable etc.




96       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
    RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

•    The Group’s management and respective management teams identified uncertainties and
     risk exposures in nine major areas (including strategic risk, operational risk, quality risk,
     customer service risk, financial risk, legal risk, human resources risk, information
     technology and data security risk, and reputational risk); completed the ranking of the
     identified risks; discussed risk response proposals and measures, which formed the main
     basis for risk management and internal control work for the year.

•    The Group has established the Operation and Management Committee, comprising the
     Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer, chief financial officer, chief talent officer, chief
     technology officer, chief business analytics officer, and general managers of the direct
     sales business division and the platform business division of the Company. Through in-
     depth analysis and research on the competition, existing business segments as well as
     business operation status, the Operation and Management Committee develops the
     Group’s thorough understanding of and insight into the industry, to facilitate the
     management of strategic risks, ensure that the strategic decisions of the Group align with
     its business direction, and to adjust the approach to strategy implementation based on the
     operating results.

•    The “Comprehensive Business Risk Management Committee” is a problem-solving-oriented
     committee established under the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, which comprises
     the heads of major functional departments responsible for risk management of the Group.
     By focusing on managing and controlling the risks related to the Group’s businesses, it
     helps the management team quickly identify and formulate the strategies of risk response,
     and promotes the comprehensive enhancement in the risk management capability of the
     Group.

•    The business team took steps to standardize the operational procedures and relevant
     product systems for key businesses and management activities, formulated policies and
     published the same on our policy management platform as reference and learning
     materials for all employees.

•    The risk management teams, including the risk management team, quality control team,
     internal control team, financial team, legal team and safety team, provide supports in term
     of risk management and control expertise and capabilities from their respective
     professional perspectives, and conduct daily supervision of the work at the First Line of
     Defence to ensure effective implementation of risk response measures.

•    The Group arranged training sessions related to risk management for all staff on a quarterly
     basis to promote risk management awareness and promote risk management culture.
     Topics covered by such training sessions included, among other things, guidance of
     business processes and internal controls, code of business conduct, compliance with
     business-related laws and regulations, and data security management.




                                    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   97
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

4. DISCLOSURE OF MATERIAL RISKS
     During the Reporting Period, the Group identified, analyzed and prioritized all the potential risks
     faced by its existing and new businesses. The following table sets forth risks that were ranked
     as “high”:

     Major Risks          Description of Risks                      Risk Response Measures


     Legal Risks          As the Company operates                   •      Establish relevant business processes and
                          its principal businesses                         internal control measures, and added internal
                          under a strict regulatory                        monitoring and checks by specialist teams in
                          regime, if we breach                             relation to matters involving regulatory issues, to
                          applicable regulatory                            ensure that the Company’s business operations
                          requirements, we may be                          comply with regulatory requirements;
                          subject to penalties which
                          may adversely affect our                  •      Stay up-to-date with applicable rules,
                          brand reputation and                             regulations and regulatory requirements
                          business. If we fail to                          issued by the government and regulators
                          h a v e    a    t i m e l y                      via announcements and notices from the
                          understanding of changes                         authorities, as well as the news media, the
                          in and updates on                                Internet and the legislative monitoring system
                          applicable policies and                          of Alibaba Group. The Group also actively
                          regulations, or fail to                          participates in forums organized by the
                          sufficiently assess the                          government and regulators to ensure that it
                          impact of policies and                           is fully aware of the latest government and
                          regulations changes on                           regulatory requirements and changes in a timely
                          our business operation,                          manner;
                          management would be
                          unable to adopt response                  •      Establish information sharing channels to keep
                          measures on a timely                             business teams abreast of the latest regulatory
                          basis, which would affect                        requirements; we also organize regular internal
                          the Company’s regular                            seminars and trainings to study and discuss
                          business activities and its                      applicable rules, regulations and regulatory
                          business continuity.                             requirements issued by the government and
                                                                           regulators, with a view to ensuring that relevant
                                                                           business teams accurately understand the
                                                                           policies and regulations; and

                                                                    •      The legal and business teams jointly assess the
                                                                           impact of policy and regulatory changes on our
                                                                           business, and design response measures and
                                                                           alternative business models in response to the
                                                                           changes, so as to ensure business continuity as
                                                                           well as regulatory compliance.




98    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

Major Risks      Description of Risks            Risk Response Measures


Information      As an Internet company,         •     Established standardized product R&D
Technology       information technology                procedures, R&D project management
and Data         and data form the                     mechanisms, coordination, communication
Security Risks   foundation for our                    and incentive mechanisms for cross-team
                 business development                  cooperation among R&D, business, product and
                 and operation, as well as             marketing teams to ensure timely and effective
                 one of the competitive                development of products that meet business
                 advantages to help                    needs;
                 maintain high innovation
                 levels and to become an         •     Established IT system maintenance standards
                 industry leader. Any                  and business continuity guarantee mechanisms,
                 failure or postponement in            contingency plans for IT system interruption,
                 our product research and              and disaster recovery plans and drills to ensure
                 development (R&D),                    smooth and uninterrupted operation of our
                 disruption of transactions            systems and to improve the capability of the
                 due to malfunctioning                 system to respond quickly to risk events; and
                 information systems, or
                 leakage or loss of or           •     To comprehensively safeguard the Group from
                 unauthorized tampering                the risks of data leakage, loss and tampering
                 of our data would have a              from three areas of staff, processes and
                 material adverse impact               information technology, the Group (i) has
                 on us achieving our                   established management procedures for data
                 strategic objectives, our             collection and transmission, storage security,
                 brand reputation,                     encrypted protection, authorized access and
                 business continuity and               usage, and destruction; (ii) has deployed
                 customer satisfaction.                information technology for data security
                                                       management and encrypted protection; and
                                                       (iii) organizes regular trainings to communicate
                                                       data security and confidentiality requirements to
                                                       all our employees.




                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   99
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

      Major Risks          Description of Risks                      Risk Response Measures


      Competitive          In China, there is                        •      The responsible manager for each business
      Risks                intense competition in                           segment closely monitors the competitive
                           the Internet healthcare                          situation of his/her business segment, and
                           sector. The continuous                           reports on the relevant information and share
                           evolution in business and                        his/her insight and judgment at the monthly
                           operational models, as                           management meeting;
                           well as significant moves
                           or decisions by major                     •      We have a specialist team which conducts in-
                           competitors in the industry                      depth analysis and research on competition
                           and new entrants, may                            in the industry regularly and reports to
                           bring potential threats                          management for reference, which enables
                           to and have adverse                              management to make informed business
                           impact on the Group’s                            decisions and develop appropriate operational
                           business and competitive                         strategies and effective solutions to address the
                           advantages.                                      competitive risks; and

                                                                     •      Senior management is committed to innovative
                                                                            and diversified management in relation to our
                                                                            business plans and deployments. In the course
                                                                            of steadfastly executing the strategic decisions,
                                                                            senior management strives for the Company
                                                                            to develop and accumulate core competitive
                                                                            advantages and become an unsurpassable
                                                                            company in the industry.




100    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
      RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

5. OUTLOOK AND KEY ACTIONS FOR FY2027
  •    Continue to reinforce the Group’s risk management and internal control structure and drive
       its implementation, so as to continually improve the Group’s risk management capabilities
       to ensure compliance with the CG Code and alignment with best industry practices.

  •    Continue to supervise each business line and functional department to promote and optimize
       the design, implementation and operation of our risk management and internal control
       systems, and conduct independent supervision and assessment to ensure the effective
       design and implementation of internal control for major risks.

  •    Continue to focus on material changes and updates of key risks and make timely adjustments
       to the risk response measures and solutions accordingly.

  •    Further establish and improve the Group’s policy and process guidelines and system of rules,
       strengthen internal and external publicity, and create a good business environment.

  •    Ongoing risk management trainings and risk management culture education for all staff to
       enhance their awareness of risk management, reinforce the accountability mechanism, and
       ensure implementation of the Group’s risk management strategies.

  In the face of existing and emerging risks, the Group must maintain continual and strict
  supervision and control under effective risk management and internal control systems. The
  Group has a management team well-attuned to the importance of risk management, which will
  proactively identify, prevent and manage risks and continually seek to improve the Group’s risk
  management and internal control systems.


6. STATEMENT OF THE BOARD REGARDING INTERNAL CONTROL
   RESPONSIBILITY
  The Group’s internal controls aim at ensuring compliance of its operations with laws and
  regulations, the security of its assets and the validity and completeness of its financial reports
  and related information, to enhance its operational efficiency and effectiveness and facilitate
  the realization of its growth strategies. The Group has established internal control procedures to
  safeguard against the unauthorized use or disposition of its assets, to ensure the maintenance
  of proper accounting records for the provision of reliable financial information for internal use
  or for publication, and to ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. During
  the year, the Group conducted a comprehensive self-assessment of its internal controls and
  reported the result to the Audit Committee and the Board, and no significant deficiencies were
  identified. The Board believes that, for the Reporting Period, the Group’s existing internal
  control systems were sufficient and effective to assure the interests of the Group and its
  shareholders.




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   101
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


                                                      Ernst & Young               ᅝ∌᳗㿜᏿џࢭ᠔       Tel 䳏䁅: +852 2846 9888
                                                      27/F, One Taikoo Place      佭␃凖儮⍠㣅ⱛ䘧979㰳   Fax ‫ⳳڇ‬: +852 2868 4432
                                                      979 King’s Road             ໾সഞϔᑻ27ῧ       ey.com
                                                      Quarry Bay, Hong Kong



To the shareholders of Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited
(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Alibaba Health Information Technology
Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 109 to 215, which
comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at March 31, 2026, and the
consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the
consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the
year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting
policy information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated
financial position of the Group as at March 31, 2026, and of its consolidated financial performance
and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with HKFRS Accounting
Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have
been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued
by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s
responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are
independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional
Accountants (the “Code”), as applicable to audits of financial statements of public interest entities.
We have also fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that
the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in
our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were
addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in
forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each
matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.




102    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                    INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)
We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
consolidated financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters.
Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our
assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements. The
results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below,
provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

 Key audit matter                                       How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 Impairment of investments in associates

 As at March 31, 2026, the carrying amount of the       We performed the following procedures to
 Group’s investments in associates (net of              address the key audit matter:
 impairment) was approximately RMB717.0
 million, which was significant to the financial        •       Evaluated the capabilities and objectivity of
 statements. The Group recognized impairment                    the independent valuer;
 losses of RMB94.5 million for the year ended
 March 31, 2026.                                        •       Assessed the reasonableness of expected
                                                                revenue growth rates, budgeted gross
 Management assessed the existence of                           margins, perpetual growth rates and risk-
 indicators of impairment for investments in                    free rates by making enquiries with
 associates and accordingly, with the assistance                management and with reference to
 of an independent valuer, performed                            historical information and inflation rate;
 impairment test for the investments with
 impairment indicators identified by comparing •                With the assistance of our internal valuation
 the carrying amounts as at March 31, 2026 with                 specialists, examined the valuation
 the corresponding recoverable amounts. The                     methodologies and evaluated the
 recoverable amount was determined using the                    assumptions and estimates used, including
 higher of fair value less costs of disposal and                comparable public companies, relevant
 value in use of the investments. The impairment                price multiples and discounts for lack of
 test involved significant management’s                         marketability, where applicable;
 judgement and estimates such as expected
                                                    •           Checked the mathematical accuracy of
 revenue growth rates, budgeted gross margins,
                                                                management’s valuation schedules; and
 perpetual growth rates and risk-free rates for the
 discounted cash flows method, as well as
                                                    •           Evaluated the adequacy of the relevant
 comparable public companies, relevant price
                                                                disclosures in the financial statements.
 multiples, discounts for lack of marketability and
 recent transaction prices for the market-based
 valuation techniques.

 Relevant disclosures are included in notes 2.4, 3
 and 17 to the financial statements.




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   103
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)
Key audit matter                                                        How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Fair value measurement of unlisted equity investments classified as financial assets at fair
value through profit or loss

As at March 31, 2026, the carrying amount of the                        We performed the following procedures to
Group’s unlisted equity investments classified as                       address the key audit matter:
financial assets at fair value through profit or
loss was approximately RMB1,974.9 million,                              •      Evaluated the capabilities and objectivity of
which was significant to the financial                                         the independent valuer;
statements. The Group recognized fair value
losses of RMB415.5 million for the year ended                           •      With the assistance of our internal valuation
March 31, 2026.                                                                specialists, examined the valuation
                                                                               methodologies and evaluated the
Management estimated and measured the fair                                     judgements and estimates used, including
values of unlisted equity investments classified                               comparable public companies, relevant
as financial assets at fair value through profit or                            price multiples, discounts for lack of
loss, with the assistance of an independent                                    marketability and risk-free rates;
valuer, using market-based valuation techniques
which required management to apply significant •                               Checked the mathematical accuracy of
judgements and estimates, such as comparable                                   management’s valuation schedules; and
public companies, relevant price multiples,
                                                    •                          Evaluated the adequacy of the relevant
discounts for lack of marketability and risk-free
                                                                               disclosures in the financial statements.
rates.

Relevant disclosures are included in notes 2.4,
3, 23 and 35 to the financial statements.




104   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)
Key audit matter                                       How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Impairment of goodwill

As at March 31, 2026, the carrying amount of the We performed the following procedures to
Group’s goodwill (net of impairment) was address the key audit matter:
approximately RMB805.3 million, which was
significant to the financial statements. The Group • Evaluated the capabilities and objectivity of
recognized an impairment loss of RMB5.5 million      the independent valuer;
for the year ended March 31, 2026.
                                                   • Assessed the reasonableness of expected
In accordance with Hong Kong Accounting              revenue and margins by making enquiries
Standard 36 Impairment of Assets , the Group is      with management and with reference to
required to test the amount of goodwill for          historical information and industry
impairment annually. The impairment test             development expectations;
involved significant management’s judgement
and estimates, such as expected revenue growth         •       With the assistance of our internal valuation
rates, budgeted gross margins, discount rates                  specialists, examined the valuation
and perpetual growth rates.                                    methodologies and evaluated the
                                                               assumptions and estimates used, including
Relevant disclosures are included in notes 2.4, 3              the discount rates and the perpetual
and 14 to the financial statements.                            growth rates;

                                                       •       Checked the mathematical accuracy of
                                                               management’s valuation schedules; and

                                                       •       Evaluated the adequacy of the relevant
                                                               disclosures in the financial statements.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   105
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information
comprises the information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial
statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we
do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent
with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise
appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed on the other
information obtained prior to the date of the auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to
report in this regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial
statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued
by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for
such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for
assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters
related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the
Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative
but to do so.

The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their
responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




106   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                   INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to
issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, in
accordance with section 90 of the Bermuda Companies Act 1981, and for no other purpose. We do
not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this
report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted
in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of
these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
    whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks,
    and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
    The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one
    resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
    misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
    procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
    opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
    estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

•   Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
    and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to
    events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a
    going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
    attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial
    statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are
    based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
    events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   107
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
      including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the
      underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the
      financial information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an
      opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction,
      supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We
      remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal
control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable,
actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of
most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are
therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or
regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we
determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Ng Siu Ki Ricky
(practising certificate number: P05575).




Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
14 May 2026




108    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
            CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                          Year ended March 31, 2026

                                                                                  2026                        2025
                                                       Notes                   RMB’000                     RMB’000

REVENUE                                                   5                 34,255,122                  30,598,292

Cost of sales                                                              (26,045,005)                (23,166,201)


Gross profit                                                                  8,210,117                   7,432,091

Other income and gains                                    5                     960,541                      663,236

Operating expenses
 Fulfilment                                                                 (2,760,223)                  (2,567,707)
 Selling and marketing expenses                                             (2,451,996)                  (2,258,374)
 Administrative expenses                                                      (373,363)                    (407,432)
 Product development expenses                                                 (788,347)                    (720,053)

Other expenses and losses                                                      (523,273)                    (514,521)
Finance costs                                           13(b)                    (1,402)                      (2,609)
Share of profits/(losses) of:
  A joint venture                                                                    (423)                   (19,136)
  Associates                                                                        2,589                    (45,527)


PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                         6                   2,274,220                   1,559,968

Income tax expense                                        9                    (337,878)                    (127,954)


PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                           1,936,342                   1,432,014


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                        1,936,162                   1,432,427
  Non-controlling interests                                                         180                        (413)


                                                                              1,936,342                   1,432,014


EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY
  EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT                            10
  Basic                                                             RMB12.02 cents                 RMB8.91 cents


  Diluted                                                           RMB11.95 cents                 RMB8.88 cents




                                  ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   109
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Year ended March 31, 2026

                                                                                                  2026         2025
                                                                                        Note   RMB’000      RMB’000

PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                                            1,936,342    1,432,014


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS)
Other comprehensive income/(loss) that may be
  reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
  Exchange differences on translation of the financial
    statements of subsidiaries with non-RMB functional
    currencies                                                                                   (97,839)        334


Other comprehensive income/(loss) that will not be
  reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
  Exchange differences on translation of the financial
    statements of the Company                                                                  (401,656)      86,717
  Equity investments at fair value through other
    comprehensive income:
    Changes in fair value                                                                        (46,594)     (21,737)
    Gain on disposal                                                                               3,347            —


                                                                                                 (43,247)     (21,737)
  Associates:
    Share of other comprehensive loss                                                                 —          (283)
    Income tax effect                                                                   27            —            71


                                                                                                      —          (212)

  Total other comprehensive income/(loss) that will not
    be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods,
    net of tax                                                                                 (444,903)      64,768


TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) FOR THE
  YEAR, NET OF TAX                                                                             (542,742)      65,102


TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR                                                        1,393,600    1,497,116


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                                         1,393,420    1,497,529
  Non-controlling interests                                                                          180         (413)


                                                                                               1,393,600    1,497,116




110    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                                March 31, 2026

                                                                                             2026                     2025
                                                                     Notes                RMB’000                  RMB’000

NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property and equipment                                                 12                   26,793                   35,693
Right-of-use assets                                                   13(a)                 60,830                   34,027
Goodwill                                                               14                  805,337                  810,853
Other intangible assets                                                15                  258,229                  275,220
Investment in a joint venture                                          16                  184,526                  208,966
Investments in associates                                              17                  717,033                1,521,014
Equity investments designated at fair value through
  other comprehensive income                                            22                 138,684                   97,588
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                   23               1,974,932                1,622,162
Other receivables and other assets                                      20                 134,771                   93,480
Deferred tax assets                                                     27                  20,733                   50,821
Long-term time deposits                                                 21               3,348,955                4,152,413


Total non-current assets                                                                 7,670,823                8,902,237


CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                                             18               1,848,739                1,415,220
Trade and bills receivables                                             19               1,265,890                1,052,523
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                         20               1,789,510                1,389,303
Prepaid tax                                                                                 33,927                   16,048
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                   23                 300,414                  263,621
Restricted cash                                                         21                 318,792                  303,243
Short-term time deposits                                                21               4,430,913                5,617,926
Cash and bank deposits                                                  21               5,434,097                2,218,296


Total current assets                                                                   15,422,282               12,276,180


CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and bills payables                                               24                3,029,774                2,852,381
Other payables and accruals                                            25                1,059,573                1,047,903
Contract liabilities                                                   26                  852,480                  695,095
Lease liabilities                                                     13(b)                 29,578                   10,579
Tax payable                                                                                121,872                  136,214


Total current liabilities                                                                5,093,277                4,742,172


NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                                     10,329,005                 7,534,008


TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                  17,999,828               16,436,245



                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   111
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
March 31, 2026

                                                                                                     2026          2025
                                                                                        Notes     RMB’000       RMB’000

NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Lease liabilities                                                                       13(b)      30,177         24,936
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                 27       113,086         98,149


Total non-current liabilities                                                                     143,263       123,085


Net assets                                                                                      17,856,565    16,313,160


EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Share capital                                                                            28        143,546       142,790
Treasury shares                                                                          28         (8,531)      (52,600)
Reserves                                                                                 30     17,720,389    16,221,989


                                                                                                17,855,404    16,312,179
Non-controlling interests                                                                            1,161           981


Total equity                                                                                    17,856,565    16,313,160




Shen Difan                                                             Tu Yanwu
Director                                                               Director




112    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                                                                    Year ended March 31, 2026

                                                                                            Attributable to owners of parent

                                                                                                                                  Fair value
                                                                                                                                  reserve of
                                                                                                                             financial assets
                                                                                                               Employee         at fair value
                                                        Share                                  Exchange      share-based       through other                                                 Non-
                                           Share     premium     Treasury        Merger       fluctuation compensation comprehensive               Other     Retained                   controlling
                                          capital    account^      shares      reserve^         reserve^        reserve^           income^      reserves^     profits^        Total       interests   Total equity
                                  Note   RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


At April 1, 2025                         142,790    51,516,392    (52,600)   (37,560,841)        (18,684)        663,296             (49,012)    346,375     1,324,463    16,312,179           981     16,313,160
Profit for the year                            —            —          —              —                —               —                   —           —     1,936,162     1,936,162           180      1,936,342
Other comprehensive income
     for the year:
     Changes in fair value of
          the equity
          investments at fair
          value through other
          comprehensive
          income, net of tax                   —            —          —              —                —               —             (46,594)          —            —        (46,594)            —        (46,594)
     Gain on disposal of the
          equity investment
          through other
          comprehensive
          income                               —            —          —              —                —               —               3,347           —            —          3,347             —          3,347
     Exchange differences on
          translation of the
          financial statements
          of the Company and
          its subsidiaries with
          non-RMB functional
          currencies                           —            —          —              —         (499,495)              —                   —           —            —       (499,495)            —       (499,495)


Total comprehensive income/
     (loss) for the year                       —            —          —              —         (499,495)              —             (43,247)          —     1,936,162     1,393,420           180      1,393,600
Issue of new shares for
     restricted share units                  734            —        (734)            —                —               —                   —           —            —             —              —              —
Vested awarded shares
     transferred to employees     28           —      154,707     44,803              —                —        (214,068)                  —       2,711            —        (11,847)            —        (11,847)
Exercise of share options         28          22       15,767          —              —                —           (5,033)                 —           —            —        10,756              —         10,756
Share-based compensation
     expenses                                  —            —          —              —                —         162,124                   —           —            —       162,124              —        162,124
Transfer of fair value reserve
     upon the disposal of
     equity investments at fair
     value through other
     comprehensive income                      —            —          —              —              143               —               4,333           —        (4,476)           —              —              —
Appropriation of statutory
     reserves                                  —            —          —              —                —               —                   —     107,165     (107,165)            —              —              —
Deemed disposal of associates                  —            —          —              —                —               —                   —       (9,684)          —         (9,684)            —         (9,684)
Share of capital reserve of
     associates, net of tax                    —            —          —              —                —               —                   —       (1,544)          —         (1,544)            —         (1,544)


At March 31, 2026                        143,546    51,686,866     (8,531)   (37,560,841)       (518,036)        606,319             (87,926)    445,023     3,148,984    17,855,404         1,161     17,856,565




                                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report                                            113
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
Year ended March 31, 2026

                                                                                              Attributable to owners of parent

                                                                                                                                      Fair value
                                                                                                                                      reserve of
                                                                                                                                 financial assets
                                                                                                                   Employee         at fair value                Retained
                                                          Share                                  Exchange       share-based       through other                    profits/                      Non-
                                             Share     premium     Treasury        Merger       fluctuation   compensation comprehensive               Other (accumulated                   controlling
                                            capital    account^      shares      reserve^         reserve^          reserve^            income^     reserves^     losses)^        Total       interests   Total equity
                                    Note   RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


At April 1, 2024                           142,780    51,374,724   (101,946)   (37,560,841)       (105,735)         508,354              (27,275)    326,122       (11,971)   14,544,212       (26,608)    14,517,604
Profit for the year                              —            —          —              —                —                 —                   —           —     1,432,427     1,432,427          (413)     1,432,014
Other comprehensive income for
     the year:
     Changes in fair value of the
          equity investments at
          fair value through
          other comprehensive
          income, net of tax                     —            —          —              —                —                 —             (21,737)          —             —       (21,737)            —        (21,737)
     Share of other
          comprehensive loss of
          associates, net of tax                 —            —          —              —                —                 —                   —        (212)            —          (212)            —           (212)
     Exchange differences on
          translation of the
          financial statements of
          the Company and its
          subsidiaries with
          non-RMB functional
          currencies                             —            —          —              —           87,051                 —                   —           —             —       87,051              —         87,051


Total comprehensive income/
     (loss) for the year                         —            —          —              —           87,051                 —             (21,737)       (212)    1,432,427     1,497,529          (413)     1,497,116
Acquisition of non-controlling
     interests                      28           —            —          —              —                —                 —                   —     (27,035)            —       (27,035)       26,935           (100)
Capital contribution from a non-
     controlling shareholder                     —            —          —              —                —                 —                   —           —             —            —          1,021          1,021
Repurchase of shares                28           —            —     (39,931)            —                —                 —                   —           —             —       (39,931)            —        (39,931)
Vested awarded shares
     transferred to employees       28           —      134,885     89,277              —                —           (83,066)                  —     (27,439)            —      113,657              —        113,657
Exercise of share options           28          10         6,783         —              —                —            (2,206)                  —           —             —         4,587             —          4,587
Share-based compensation
     expenses                                    —            —          —              —                —          240,214                    —     (15,679)            —      224,535              —        224,535
Deemed interest in an
     interest-free loan to a non-
     wholly-owned subsidiary                     —            —          —              —                —                 —                   —          (46)           —           (46)           46              —
Appropriation of statutory
     reserves                                    —            —          —              —                —                 —                   —      95,993       (95,993)           —              —              —
Partial disposal of associates,
     net of tax                                  —            —          —              —                —                 —                   —       (1,573)           —        (1,573)            —         (1,573)
Share of capital reserve of
     associates, net of tax                      —            —          —              —                —                 —                   —       (3,756)           —        (3,756)            —         (3,756)


At March 31, 2025                          142,790    51,516,392    (52,600)   (37,560,841)        (18,684)         663,296              (49,012)    346,375     1,324,463    16,312,179           981     16,313,160



^          These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of RMB17,720,389,000 (2025: RMB16,221,989,000) in the
           consolidated statement of financial position.




114                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                                  Year ended March 31, 2026

                                                                                             2026                     2025
                                                                     Notes                RMB’000                  RMB’000

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax                                                                        2,274,220                1,559,968
Adjustments for:
  Finance costs                                                       13(b)                  1,402                    2,609
  Share of losses of a joint venture                                                           423                   19,136
  Share of losses/(profits) of associates                                                   (2,589)                  45,527
  Bank interest income                                                  5                 (463,430)                (464,654)
  Other interest income                                                 5                        —                     (195)
  Investment income                                                     5                  (12,661)                  (4,125)
  Gain on deemed disposal of associates                                 5                 (226,176)                  (1,633)
  Loss/(gain) on partial disposal of associates                        5, 6                (37,653)                  42,423
  Gain on deemed investment of an associate                             5                   (2,630)                       —
  Gain on disposal of a business                                        5                   (9,538)                       —
  Fair value losses/(gains) on financial assets at fair
    value through profit or loss, net                                  5, 6                415,103                   (51,364)
  Gain on partial disposal of financial assets at fair value
    through profit or loss                                              5                   (67,055)                          —
  Loss/(gain) on disposal of property and equipment                    5, 6                     389                        (641)
  Loss on disposal of intangible assets                                 6                       192                          22
  Loss/(gain) on revision of lease terms arising from
    changes in the non-cancellable periods of leases                   5, 6                     (41)                      32
  Dividend income                                                       5                   (11,988)                 (19,600)
  Depreciation of property and equipment                                6                    13,986                   15,295
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                   6                    22,456                   25,471
  Amortization of intangible assets                                     6                    16,799                   16,839
  Impairment of goodwill                                                6                     5,516                        —
  Impairment of trade receivables                                       6                       975                    6,207
  Impairment of financial assets included in
    prepayments, other receivables and other assets                     6                        —                   11,174
  Impairment of investments in associates                               6                   94,478                  410,020
  Provision of inventories                                              6                  130,748                   92,398
  Share-based compensation expenses                                     6                  162,124                  224,535

                                                                                         2,305,050                1,929,444
Increase in trade and bills receivables                                                   (214,342)                (273,594)
Decrease/(increase) in prepayments, other receivables
  and other assets                                                                        (428,484)                  53,215
Increase in inventories                                                                   (564,267)                (107,880)
Increase/(decrease) in trade and bills payables                                            177,393                 (498,185)
Increase/(decrease) in other payables and accruals                                          (5,892)                 142,898
Increase in contract liabilities                                                           157,385                  140,412
Increase in restricted cash                                                                (15,549)                 (24,837)
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                               (53,443)                  (3,626)

Cash generated from operations                                                           1,357,851                1,357,847


                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report     115
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
Year ended March 31, 2026

                                                                                                    2026          2025
                                                                                        Notes    RMB’000       RMB’000

Interest received                                                                                 228,205       146,727
Interest paid                                                                                      (1,402)       (2,609)
Chinese mainland corporate income tax paid                                                       (332,124)     (106,932)
Hong Kong profits tax refunded                                                                    (15,897)            —

Net cash flows generated from operating activities                                              1,236,633     1,395,033

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of property and equipment                                                                  (8,987)      (18,893)
Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment                                                     3,512         5,966
Purchase of other intangible assets                                                                      —           (10)
Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or
  loss                                                                                           (705,947)    (2,650,000)
Proceeds from maturity of financial assets at fair value
  through profit or loss                                                                          496,598     2,394,125
Proceeds from disposal of financial assets at fair value
  through profit or loss                                                                          225,055             —
Investment in/purchase of financial assets at fair value
  through other comprehensive income                                                             (100,000)       (17,078)
Proceeds from disposal of equity investments designated
  at fair value through other comprehensive income                                                 12,791             —
Proceeds from partial disposal of associates                                                      142,543       256,809
Proceeds from disposal of a business                                                     31        10,110             —
Interest received                                                                                 227,935       311,789
Dividend received from financial assets at fair value
  through profit or loss                                                                           11,914        19,600
Dividend received from equity investments at fair value
  through other comprehensive income                                                                   74              —
Dividend received from an investment in an associate                                               49,054          4,709
Dividend received from an investment in a joint venture                                            24,017         12,689
Receipt of finance lease payments                                                                       —         10,627
Placement of long-term time deposits                                                             (552,464)    (3,643,811)
Withdrawal of long-term time deposits                                                             490,000              —
Placement of non-pledged short-term time deposits with
  original maturity of over three months when acquired                                          (4,543,687)   (5,805,765)
Withdrawal of non-pledged short-term time deposits with
  original maturity of over three months when acquired                                          6,238,510     6,522,761

Net cash flows generated from/(used in) investing
 activities                                                                                     2,021,028     (2,596,482)




116    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                                 Year ended March 31, 2026

                                                                                            2026                     2025
                                                                    Notes                RMB’000                  RMB’000

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from exercise of share options                                28                   10,756                    4,587
Repurchase of shares                                                   28                        —                  (39,931)
Acquisition of non-controlling interests                                                         —                     (100)
Capital contribution from a non-controlling shareholder                                          —                    1,021
Principal portion of lease payments                                                        (24,978)                 (38,094)

Net cash flows used in financing activities                                                (14,222)                 (72,517)

NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH
  EQUIVALENTS                                                                           3,243,439               (1,273,966)
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                   (27,638)                   2,093
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                          2,218,296                3,490,169

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                                                5,434,097                2,218,296


ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and bank balances, excluding restricted cash                                       5,019,587                2,007,006
Highly liquid time deposits                                                               414,510                  211,290

Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the statement of
  cash flows and cash and bank deposits as stated in the
  statement of financial position                                      21               5,434,097                2,218,296




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   117
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION
      Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited (the “Company”) is incorporated in Bermuda as
      an exempted company with limited liability. The address of its registered office is Victoria Place,
      5th Floor, 31 Victoria Street, Hamilton HM 10, Bermuda. The principal place of business of the
      Company is located at Building 9, Block 4, Wangjing East Park, Chaoyang District, Beijing, the
      People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).

      The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (hereinafter
      collectively referred to as the “Group”) are primarily engaged in the pharmaceutical direct sales
      business, pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business and healthcare and digital services
      business.

      In the opinion of the directors, the Company’s ultimate holding company is Alibaba Group
      Holding Limited (“Alibaba Holding”, together with its subsidiaries, “Alibaba Group”), a
      company that is incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. There is no company
      holding a direct majority interest in the Company.

      Information about subsidiaries

      Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries at the end of the reporting period are as
      follows:

                                                    Place of incorporation/                              Percentage of
                                                    registration and                Issued ordinary/   equity attributable
      Name                                          operations              registered share capital    to the Company        Principal activities
                                                                                                        2026           2025


      Alibaba Health (Hong Kong) Technology         Hong Kong                   HK$4,865,000,331.95       100           100   Investment holding and
        Company Limited                                                                                                          pharmaceutical direct sales
                                                                                                                                 services
      阿里健康大藥房連鎖（杭州）有限公司                             PRC/Chinese mainland             RMB10,000,000        100           100   Pharmacy business
       Alibaba Health Pharmacy Chain
       (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd.abc
      廣州空港阿里健康大藥房有限公司                               PRC/Chinese mainland             RMB50,000,000        100           100   Pharmacy business
       Guangzhou Airport Alibaba Health
       Pharmacy Co., Ltd.ac
      阿里健康科技(中國)有限公司                                PRC/Chinese mainland            RMB800,000,000        100           100   Investment holding and digital
       Alibaba Health Technology (China)                                                                                         infrastructure service
       Limitedabc
      阿里健康大藥房醫藥連鎖有限公司                               PRC/Chinese mainland        RMB1,791,666,666.67       100           100   Pharmacy business
       Alibaba Health Pharmaceutical Chain
       Co., Ltd.ac
      阿里健康醫藥（廣東）有限公司                                PRC/Chinese mainland            RMB210,000,000        100           100   Pharmaceutical product trading
       Ali Health Medicine (Guangdong)                                                                                           and pharmacy business
       Co., Ltd.ac
      阿里健康科技(杭州)有限公司                                PRC/Chinese mainland           RMB1,400,000,000       100           100   Provision of e-commerce
       Alibaba Health Technology (Hangzhou)                                                                                      platform services
       Limitedabc
      久寶星科技（海南）有限公司                                 PRC/Chinese mainland            RMB100,000,000        100           100   Provision of e-commerce
       Jiubaoxing Technology (Hainan) Co., Ltd.ac                                                                                platform services




118     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                     March 31, 2026

1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
  Information about subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                Place of incorporation/                              Percentage of
                                                registration and                Issued ordinary/   equity attributable
  Name                                          operations              registered share capital    to the Company        Principal activities
                                                                                                     2026          2025


  弘雲久康數據技術(北京)有限公司                              PRC/Chinese mainland             RMB40,000,000        100           100   Investment holding
    Hongyun Jiukang Data Technology
    (Beijing) Co., Ltd.ac (“Hongyun Jiukang”)
  廣州得賦阿里健康大藥房有限公司                               PRC/Chinese mainland             RMB50,000,000        100           100   Pharmacy business
    Guangzhou Defu Alibaba Health Pharmacy
    Co., Ltd.abc
  阿里健康科技(海南)有限公司                                PRC/Chinese mainland           RMB2,010,000,000       100           100   Provision of e-commerce
    Ali Health Technology (Hainan) Co., Ltdac                                                                                platform services
  杭州得賦健康管理有限公司                                  PRC/Chinese mainland               RMB1,200,000       100           100   Provision of e-commerce
    Hangzhou Defu Health Management                                                                                          platform services
    Co., Ltd.abc
  Ali JK ZNS (HK) Limited                       Hong Kong                           USD200,000        100           100   Provision of e-commerce
                                                                                                                             platform services
  青海小鹿中醫互聯網醫院有限公司                               PRC/Chinese mainland             RMB75,000,000        100           100   Healthcare and digital services
   Qinghai Xiaolu Traditional Chinese                                                                                        business
   Medicine Internet Hospital Co., Ltd.ac
  杭州精准健康信息科技有限公司                                PRC/Chinese mainland             RMB10,000,000        100           100   Provision of marketing
   Hangzhou Jingzhun Health Information                                                                                      materials review services
   Technology Co., Ltd.ac                                                                                                    and value-added services
  阿里健康科技（廣州）有限公司                                PRC/Chinese mainland               RMB1,000,000       100           100   Healthcare and digital services
   Ali Health Technology (Guangzhou)                                                                                         business
   Co., Ltd.ac
  阿里健康大藥房（天津）有限公司                               PRC/Chinese mainland             RMB10,000,000        100           100   Pharmacy business
   Ali Health Pharmacy (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.ac

  a       For identification purposes only


  b       Registered as wholly-foreign-owned enterprises under PRC law

  c       Registered as limited liability companies under PRC law


  The subsidiaries listed in the above table are indirectly owned by the Company and they, in the
  opinion of the directors, principally affected the results for the year or formed a substantial
  portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the
  opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.




                                                            ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report          119
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION
      These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS
      Accounting Standards (which include all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong
      Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations) as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
      Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
      Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for
      financial investments at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”) and equity investments
      designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”), which have been
      measured at fair value. These financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”) and all
      values are rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated.

      Contractual arrangements

      The Company does not have legal ownership in the equity of Hongyun Jiukang and Alibaba
      Health Hebei Information Technology Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康河北信息技術有限公司). However, under
      certain contractual agreements (including a power of attorney agreement, loan agreement,
      equity option agreement, equity interest pledge agreement and an exclusive technical
      consulting and service agreement) entered into with the registered owners of the entities, the
      Company, through its indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary, controls the entities by way of
      controlling the voting rights, governing the financial and operating policies, appointing or
      removing the majority of the members of its controlling authorities, and casting the majority of
      votes at meetings of such authorities. In addition, such contractual agreements also transfer the
      risks and rewards of the entities to the Company and/or its indirect wholly-owned subsidiary. As
      a result, the entities are treated as subsidiaries of the Company and their financial statements
      have been consolidated by the Company.

      ^       For identification purposes only


      Basis of consolidation

      The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its
      subsidiaries for the year ended March 31, 2026. A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured
      entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the Group is
      exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the
      ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give
      the Group the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee).




120       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2026

2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED)
  Basis of consolidation (Continued)

  The Company has three (2025: three) trusts (the “Trusts”) for the purpose of purchasing,
  administering and holding the Company’s shares for the share award scheme adopted on
  November 24, 2014 (the “2014 Share Award Scheme”) and August 30, 2024 (the “2024 Share
  Award Scheme”). The Group has the power to govern the financial and operating policies of the
  Trusts and derive benefits from the services of the employees who have been awarded the
  awarded shares through their continued employment with the Group. The assets and liabilities
  of the Trusts are included in the consolidated statement of financial position and the
  Company’s shares held by the Trusts are presented as a deduction in equity as the Company’s
  shares held for the share award scheme.

  Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the
  Company has less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group
  considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an
  investee, including:

  (a)   the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;

  (b)   rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

  (c)   the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.

  The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the
  Company, using consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from
  the date on which the Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date
  that such control ceases.

  Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners
  of the parent and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling
  interests having a deficit balance. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses
  and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on
  consolidation.

  The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate
  that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A
  change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as
  an equity transaction.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   121
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED)
      Basis of consolidation (Continued)

      If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognizes the related assets (including
      goodwill), liabilities, any non-controlling interest and the exchange fluctuation reserve; and
      recognizes the fair value of any investment retained and any resulting surplus or deficit in profit
      or loss. The Group’s share of components previously recognized in other comprehensive income
      is reclassified to profit or loss or retained profits, as appropriate, on the same basis as would
      be required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.


2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
      The Group has adopted amendments to HKAS 21 Lack of Exchangeability for the first time for
      the current year’s financial statements. The Group has not early adopted any other standard or
      amendment that has been issued but is not yet effective.

      Amendments to HKAS 21 specify how an entity shall assess whether a currency is exchangeable
      into another currency and how it shall estimate a spot exchange rate at a measurement date
      when exchangeability is lacking. The amendments require disclosures of information that
      enable users of financial statements to understand the impact of a currency not being
      exchangeable. As the currencies that the Group had transacted in and the functional currencies
      of overseas subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates for translation into the Group’s
      presentation currency were exchangeable, the amendments did not have any impact on the
      Group’s financial statements.

      In addition, the HKICPA has issued amendments to Illustrative Examples on HKFRS 7, HKFRS 18,
      HKAS 1, HKAS 8, HKAS 36 and HKAS 37 Disclosures about Uncertainties in the Financial
      Statements , which added illustrative examples in the corresponding HKFRS Accounting
      Standards. These examples reflect existing requirements in the corresponding HKFRS Accounting
      Standards to report the effects of uncertainties in the financial statements using climate-related
      examples. Therefore, the amendments do not have an effective date or transitional provisions.
      The amendments did not have any impact on the Group’s financial statements.




122     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                   March 31, 2026

2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HKFRS ACCOUNTING
    STANDARDS
  The Group has not applied the following new amended HKFRS Accounting Standards, that have
  been issued but are not yet effective, in these financial statements. The Group intends to apply
  these new and amended HKFRS Accounting Standards, if applicable, when they become
  effective.

  HKFRS 18                                        Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements 2
  HKFRS 19 and its amendments                     Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures 2
  Amendments to HKFRS 9                           Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
    and HKFRS 7                                     Financial Instruments 1
  Amendments to HKFRS 9                           Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity 1
    and HKFRS 7
  Amendments to HKFRS 10                          Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
    and HKAS 28                                     its Associate or Joint Venture 3
  Amendments to HKAS 21                           Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency2
  Annual Improvements to HKFRS                    Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9, HKFRS 10
    Accounting Standards — Volume 11                and HKAS 71

  1
       Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2026
  2
       Effective for annual/reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2027
  3
       No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption


  Further information about those HKFRS Accounting Standards that are expected to be
  applicable to the Group is described below.

  HKFRS 18 replaces HKAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements . While a number of sections
  have been brought forward from HKAS 1 with limited changes, HKFRS 18 introduces new
  requirements for presentation within the statement of profit or loss, including specified totals
  and subtotals. Entities are required to classify all income and expenses within the statement of
  profit or loss into one of the five categories: operating, investing, financing, income taxes and
  discontinued operations and to present two new defined subtotals. It also requires disclosures
  about management-defined performance measures in a single note and introduces enhanced
  requirements on the grouping (aggregation and disaggregation) and the location of
  information in both the primary financial statements and the notes. Some requirements
  previously included in HKAS 1 are moved to HKAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting
  Estimates and Errors , which is renamed as HKAS 8 Basis of Preparation of Financial Statements .
  As a consequence of the issuance of HKFRS 18, limited, but widely applicable, amendments are
  made to HKAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows , HKAS 33 Earnings per Share and HKAS 34 Interim
  Financial Reporting . In addition, there are minor consequential amendments to other HKFRS
  Accounting Standards. HKFRS 18 and the consequential amendments to other HKFRS Accounting
  Standards are effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2027 with earlier
  application permitted. Retrospective application is required. The Group is currently analysing the
  new requirements and assessing the impact of HKFRS 18 on the presentation and disclosure of
  the Group’s financial statements.


                                             ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   123
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HKFRS ACCOUNTING
    STANDARDS (CONTINUED)
      HKFRS 19 allows eligible entities to elect to apply reduced disclosure requirements while still
      applying the recognition, measurement and presentation requirements in other HKFRS
      Accounting Standards. To be eligible, at the end of the reporting period, an entity must be a
      subsidiary as defined in HKFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements , cannot have public
      accountability and must have a parent (ultimate or intermediate) that prepares consolidated
      financial statements available for public use which comply with HKFRS Accounting Standards or
      IFRS Accounting Standards. HKFRS 19 was amended in April 2025 to include IFRS Accounting
      Standards in the eligibility criteria for applying the standard. The standard was further
      amended in October 2025 to (i) remove disclosure objectives from HKFRS 19; (ii) reduce the
      disclosure requirements relating to supplier finance arrangements and a specific class of
      financial liabilities; and (iii) replace disclosure requirements relating to management-defined
      performance measures with a cross-reference to HKFRS 18 for entities that use these measures.
      Earlier application is permitted. As the Company is a listed company, it is not eligible to elect to
      apply HKFRS 19 and its amendments. Some of the Company’s subsidiaries are considering the
      application of HKFRS 19 and its amendments in their specified financial statements.

      Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
      Financial Instruments clarify the date on which a financial asset or financial liability is
      derecognized and introduce an accounting policy option to derecognize a financial liability that
      is settled through an electronic payment system before the settlement date if specified criteria
      are met. The amendments clarify how to assess the contractual cash flow characteristics of
      financial assets with environmental, social and governance and other similar contingent
      features. Moreover, the amendments clarify the requirements for classifying financial assets with
      non-recourse features and contractually linked instruments. The amendments also include
      additional disclosures for investments in equity instruments designated at fair value through
      other comprehensive income and financial instruments with contingent features. The
      amendments shall be applied retrospectively with an adjustment to opening retained profits (or
      other component of equity) at the initial application date. Prior periods are not required to be
      restated and can only be restated without the use of hindsight. Earlier application of either all
      the amendments at the same time or only the amendments related to the classification of
      financial assets is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact
      on the Group’s financial statements.




124     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2026

2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HKFRS ACCOUNTING
    STANDARDS (CONTINUED)
  Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity clarify
  the application of the “own-use” requirements for in-scope contracts and amend the
  designation requirements for a hedged item in a cash flow hedging relationship for in-scope
  contracts. The amendments also include additional disclosures that enable users of financial
  statements to understand the effects these contracts have on an entity’s financial performance
  and future cash flows. The amendments relating to the own-use exception shall be applied
  retrospectively. Prior periods are not required to be restated and can only be restated without
  the use of hindsight. The amendments relating to the hedge accounting shall be applied
  prospectively to new hedging relationships designated on or after the date of initial
  application. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 shall be
  applied at the same time. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on
  the Group’s financial statements.

  Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 address an inconsistency between the requirements in
  HKFRS 10 and in HKAS 28 in dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor
  and its associate or joint venture. The amendments require a full recognition of a gain or loss
  resulting from a downstream transaction when the sale or contribution of assets constitutes a
  business. For a transaction involving assets that do not constitute a business, a gain or loss
  resulting from the transaction is recognized in the investor’s profit or loss only to the extent of
  the unrelated investor’s interest in that associate or joint venture. The amendments are to be
  applied prospectively. The previous mandatory effective date of amendments to HKFRS 10 and
  HKAS 28 was removed by the HKICPA. However, the amendments are available for adoption
  now.

  Amendments to HKAS 21 Translation to a Hyperinflationary Presentation Currency require the
  translation from a non-hyperinflationary functional currency into a hyperinflationary
  presentation currency at the closing rate. The amendments also require an entity whose
  functional currency and presentation currency are the currency of a hyperinflationary economy
  to restate the comparative amounts of a foreign operation whose functional currency is that of
  a non-hyperinflationary economy, by applying the general price index, in accordance with
  paragraph 34 of HKAS 29 Financial Reporting in Hyperinflationary Economies , to the foreign
  operation’s comparative figures. The amendments introduce certain additional disclosures.
  Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant
  impact on the Group’s financial statements.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   125
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HKFRS ACCOUNTING
    STANDARDS (CONTINUED)
      Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards — Volume 11 set out amendments to
      HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7 (and the accompanying Guidance on implementing HKFRS 7 ), HKFRS 9,
      HKFRS 10 and HKAS 7. Details of the amendments that are expected to be applicable to the
      Group are as follows:

      •       HKFRS 7 Financial Instruments : Disclosures: The amendments have updated certain wording
              in paragraph B38 of HKFRS 7 and paragraphs IG1, IG14 and IG20B of the Guidance on
              implementing HKFRS 7 for the purpose of simplification or achieving consistency with other
              paragraphs in the standard and/or with the concepts and terminology used in other
              standards. In addition, the amendments clarify that the Guidance on implementing HKFRS
              7 does not necessarily illustrate all the requirements in the referenced paragraphs of
              HKFRS 7 nor does it create additional requirements. Earlier application is permitted. The
              amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial
              statements.

      •       HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments : The amendments clarify that when a lessee has determined
              that a lease liability has been extinguished in accordance with HKFRS 9, the lessee is
              required to apply paragraph 3.3.3 of HKFRS 9 and recognize any resulting gain or loss in
              profit or loss. However, the amendments do not address how a lessee distinguishes
              between a lease modification as defined in HKFRS 16 and an extinguishment of a lease
              liability in accordance with HKFRS 9. In addition, the amendments have updated certain
              wording in paragraph 5.1.3 of HKFRS 9 and Appendix A of HKFRS 9 to remove potential
              confusion. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any
              significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

      •       HKFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements : The amendments clarify that the relationship
              described in paragraph B74 of HKFRS 10 is just one example of various relationships that
              might exist between the investor and other parties acting as de facto agents of the
              investor, which removes the inconsistency with the requirement in paragraph B73 of HKFRS
              10. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any
              significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

      •       HKAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows : The amendments replace the term “cost method” with
              “at cost” in paragraph 37 of HKAS 7 following the prior deletion of the definition of “cost
              method”. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any
              impact on the Group’s financial statements.




126       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2026

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
  Investments in associates and a joint venture

  An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long term interest of the equity voting rights
  and over which it has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in
  the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint control
  over those policies.

  A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the
  arrangement have rights to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually
  agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the
  relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.

  The Group’s investments in associates and a joint venture are stated in the consolidated
  statement of financial position at the Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of
  accounting, less any impairment losses.

  The Group’s share of the post-acquisition results and other comprehensive income of associates
  and a joint venture is included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and consolidated
  other comprehensive income, respectively. In addition, when there has been a change
  recognized directly in the equity of the associate or joint venture, the Group recognizes its share
  of any changes, when applicable, in the consolidated statement of changes in equity.
  Unrealized gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates or
  joint venture are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s investments in the associates or joint
  venture, except where unrealized losses provide evidence of an impairment of the assets
  transferred. Goodwill arising from the acquisition of associates or joint venture is included as
  part of the Group’s investments in associates or joint venture.

  Upon loss of significant influence over the associate or joint control over the joint venture, the
  Group measures and recognizes any retained investment at its fair value. Any difference
  between the carrying amount of the associate or joint venture upon loss of significant influence
  or joint control and the fair value of the retained investment and proceeds from disposal is
  recognized in profit or loss.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   127
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Business combinations and goodwill

      Except for business combinations under common control, the Group accounted for its business
      combinations using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred is measured at the
      acquisition date fair value which is the sum of the acquisition date fair values of assets
      transferred by the Group, liabilities assumed by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree
      and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. For each
      business combination, the Group elects whether to measure the non-controlling interests in the
      acquiree at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. All
      other components of non-controlling interests are measured at fair value. Acquisition-related
      costs are expensed as incurred.

      The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and
      assets includes an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the
      ability to create outputs.

      When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for
      appropriate classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic
      circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation
      of embedded derivatives in host contracts of the acquiree.

      Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognized at fair value at the
      acquisition date. Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability is measured at fair
      value with changes in fair value recognized in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is
      classified as equity is not remeasured and subsequent settlement is accounted for within
      equity.

      Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration
      transferred, the amount recognized for non-controlling interests and any fair value of the
      Group’s previously held equity interests in the acquiree over the identifiable assets acquired and
      liabilities assumed. If the sum of this consideration and other items is lower than the fair value
      of the net assets acquired, the difference is, after reassessment, recognized in profit or loss as
      a gain on bargain purchase.

      After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses.
      Goodwill is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in
      circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be impaired. The Group performs its annual
      impairment test of goodwill as at March 31. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill
      acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the
      Group’s cash-generating units (“CGUs”), or groups of CGUs, that are expected to benefit from
      the synergies of the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the Group
      are assigned to those units or groups of units.




128    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2026

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Business combinations and goodwill (Continued)

  Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the CGU (group of CGUs) to
  which the goodwill relates. Where the recoverable amount of the CGU (group of CGUs) is less
  than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognized. An impairment loss recognized for
  goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.

  Where goodwill has been allocated to a CGU (or group of CGUs) and part of the operation
  within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is
  included in the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on the
  disposal. Goodwill disposed of in these circumstances is measured based on the relative value
  of the operation disposed of and the portion of the CGU retained.

  Fair value measurement

  The Group measures its financial assets at FVPL, bills receivable and equity investments
  designated at FVOCI at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Fair value is the price
  that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
  between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on
  the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either
  in the principal market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the
  most advantageous market for the asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous
  market must be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured
  using the assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability,
  assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.

  A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s
  ability to generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by
  selling it to another market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

  The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which
  sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximizing the use of relevant observable
  inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   129
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Fair value measurement (Continued)

      All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial
      statements are categorized within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the
      lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:

      Level 1       —    based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or
                         liabilities

      Level 2       —    based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant
                         to the fair value measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly

      Level 3       —    based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant
                         to the fair value measurement is unobservable

      For assets and liabilities that are recognized in the financial statements on a recurring basis,
      the Group determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by
      reassessing categorization (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
      measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.

      Impairment of non-financial assets

      Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for a
      non-financial asset is required (other than inventories and deferred tax assets), the asset’s
      recoverable amount is estimated. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s or
      CGU’s value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and is determined for an individual
      asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those
      from other assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount is determined for
      the CGU to which the asset belongs.

      An impairment loss is recognized only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its
      recoverable amount. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted
      to their present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of
      the time value of money and the risks specific to the asset. An impairment loss is charged to
      the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises in those expense categories
      consistent with the function of the impaired asset.

      An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication
      that previously recognized impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If
      such an indication exists, the recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognized
      impairment loss of an asset other than goodwill is reversed only if there has been a change in
      the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of that asset, but not to an amount
      higher than the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of any depreciation/
      amortization) had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset in prior years. A reversal of
      such an impairment loss is credited to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it
      arises.


130    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                March 31, 2026

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Related parties

  A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

  (a)   the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person

        (i)    has control or joint control over the Group;

        (ii)   has significant influence over the Group; or

        (iii) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the
              Group;

  or

  (b)   the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:

        (i)    the entity and the Group are members of the same group;

        (ii)   one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary
               or fellow subsidiary of the other entity);

        (iii) the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

        (iv) one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the
             third entity;

        (v)    the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the
               Group or an entity related to the Group; and the sponsoring employers of the
               post-employment benefit plan;

        (vi) the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

        (vii) a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of
              the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

        (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management
               personnel services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.




                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   131
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Property and equipment and depreciation

      Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment
      losses. The cost of an item of property and equipment comprises its purchase price and any
      directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its
      intended use.

      Expenditure incurred after items of property and equipment have been put into operation, such
      as repairs and maintenance, is normally charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period
      in which it is incurred. In situations where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure
      for a major inspection is capitalized in the carrying amount of the asset as a replacement.
      Where significant parts of property and equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the
      Group recognizes such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them
      accordingly.

      Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of
      property and equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual
      rates used for this purpose are as follows:

      Leasehold improvements                                               Over the shorter of lease terms and 331/3%
      Computer equipment, furniture and fixtures                           19% to 331/3%
      Motor vehicles                                                       20%

      Where parts of an item of property and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that
      item is allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated
      separately. Residual values, useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and
      adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial year end.

      An item of property and equipment including any significant part initially recognized is
      derecognized upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or
      disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal or retirement recognized in the statement of profit or loss
      in the year the asset is derecognized is the difference between the net sales proceeds and the
      carrying amount of the relevant asset.

      Intangible assets (other than goodwill)

      Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of
      intangible assets acquired in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition.
      The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible
      assets with finite lives are subsequently amortized over the useful economic life and assessed
      for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The
      amortization period and the amortization method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life
      are reviewed at least at each financial year end.




132    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2026

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Intangible assets (other than goodwill) (Continued)

  Patents and licences

  Patents and licences are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortized on the
  straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of three years.

  Brand name

  The brand name is stated at cost less impairment losses and is amortized on the straight-line
  basis over its estimated useful life of 20 years.

  Leases

  The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract
  is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset
  for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

  Group as a lessee

  The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for
  short-term leases. The Group recognizes lease liabilities to make lease payments and
  right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.

  (a)   Right-of-use assets

        Right-of-use assets are recognized at the commencement date of the lease (that is the
        date the underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost,
        less accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses, and adjusted for any
        remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of
        lease liabilities recognized, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or
        before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are
        depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease terms and the estimated
        useful lives of the assets as follows:

        Retail outlets                                       1.1 to 9 years
        Offices                                              1.7 to 5.1 years
        Warehouses                                           2.5 to 5.1 years




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   133
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Leases (Continued)

      Group as a lessee (Continued)

      (b)   Lease liabilities

            Lease liabilities are recognized at the commencement date of the lease at the present
            value of lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed
            payments (including in substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable,
            variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be
            paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price
            of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of
            penalties for termination of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the
            option to terminate the lease. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an
            index or a rate are recognized as an expense in the period in which the event or condition
            that triggers the payment occurs.

            In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental
            borrowing rate at the lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the
            lease is not readily determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of lease
            liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease
            payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there
            is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a change
            to future lease payments resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in
            assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.

      (c)   Short-term leases

            The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of
            properties (that is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the
            commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). Lease payments on
            short-term leases are recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease
            term.




134     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            March 31, 2026

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Leases (Continued)

  Group as a lessor

  When the Group acts as a lessor, it classifies at lease inception (or when there is a lease
  modification) each of its leases as either an operating lease or a finance lease.

  Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to
  ownership of an asset are classified as operating leases. When a contract contains lease and
  non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each
  component on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. Rental income is accounted for on a
  straight-line basis over the lease term and is included in revenue in the statement of profit or
  loss due to its operating nature. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an
  operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognized over the
  lease term on the same basis as rental income. Contingent rents are recognized as revenue in
  the period in which they are earned.

  Leases that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an
  underlying asset to the lessee are accounted for as finance leases.

  Investments and other financial assets

  Initial recognition and measurement

  Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortized
  cost, fair value through other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.

  The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s
  contractual cash flow characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With
  the exception of trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for
  which the Group has applied the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant
  financing component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value, plus in the
  case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade
  receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has
  applied the practical expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under HKFRS
  15 in accordance with the policies set out for “Revenue recognition” below.

  In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortized cost or fair value
  through other comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely
  payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”) on the principal amount outstanding. Financial
  assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified and measured at fair value through profit
  or loss, irrespective of the business model.




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   135
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

      Initial recognition and measurement (Continued)

      The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its
      financial assets in order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash
      flows will result from collecting contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both.
      Financial assets classified and measured at amortized cost are held within a business model
      with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, while
      financial assets classified and measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are
      held within a business model with the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash
      flows and selling. Financial assets which are not held within the aforementioned business
      models are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.

      Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally
      established by regulation or convention in the marketplace are recognized on the trade date,
      that is, the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.

      Subsequent measurement

      The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:

      Financial assets at amortized cost (debt instruments)

      Financial assets at amortized cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest
      method and are subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognized in the statement of
      profit or loss when the asset is derecognized, modified or impaired.

      Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (debt instruments)

      For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, interest income,
      foreign exchange revaluation and impairment losses or reversals are recognized in the
      statement of profit or loss and computed in the same manner as for financial assets measured
      at amortized cost. The remaining fair value changes are recognized in other comprehensive
      income. Upon derecognition, the cumulative fair value change recognized in other
      comprehensive income is recycled to the statement of profit or loss.

      Financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (equity
      investments)

      Upon initial recognition, the Group can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as
      equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income when they
      meet the definition of equity under HKAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation and are not
      held for trading. The classification is determined on an instrument-by-instrument basis.



136    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2026

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

  Subsequent measurement (Continued)

  Financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (equity
  investments) (Continued)

  Gains and losses on these financial assets are never recycled to the statement of profit or loss.
  Dividends are recognized as other income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of
  payment has been established, except when the Group benefits from such proceeds as a
  recovery of part of the cost of the financial asset, in which case such gains are recorded in
  other comprehensive income. Equity investments designated at fair value through other
  comprehensive income are not subject to impairment assessment.

  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

  Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial
  position at fair value with net changes in fair value recognized in the statement of profit or
  loss.

  This category includes derivative instruments and equity investments which the Group had not
  irrevocably elected to classify at fair value through other comprehensive income. Dividends on
  the equity investments are also recognized as other income in the statement of profit or loss
  when the right of payment has been established.

  A derivative embedded within a hybrid contract containing a financial asset host is not
  accounted for separately. The financial asset host together with the embedded derivative is
  required to be classified in its entirety as a financial asset at fair value through profit or loss.

  Derecognition of financial assets

  A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar
  financial assets) is primarily derecognized (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated
  statement of financial position) when:

  •    the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or

  •    the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an
       obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party
       under a “pass-through” arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred
       substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred
       nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control
       of the asset.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   137
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Derecognition of financial assets (Continued)

      When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered
      into a pass-through arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk
      and rewards of ownership of the asset. When it has neither transferred nor retained
      substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the asset, the
      Group continues to recognize the transferred asset to the extent of the Group’s continuing
      involvement. In that case, the Group also recognize an associated liability. The transferred asset
      and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that
      the Group has retained.

      Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is
      measured at the lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount
      of consideration that the Group could be required to repay.

      Impairment of financial assets

      The Group recognizes an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments
      not held at fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the
      contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the
      Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate.
      The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit
      enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

      General approach

      ECLs are recognized in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a
      significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that
      result from default events that are possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For
      those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial
      recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of
      the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

      At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has
      increased significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group
      compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date
      with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial
      recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information that is available without
      undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking information. The Group considers
      that there has been a significant increase in credit risk when contractual payments are more
      than 30 days past due.




138    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           March 31, 2026

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

  General approach (Continued)

  The Group considers a financial asset in default when unsettled contractual payments are aged
  more than two years. The Group has rebutted the 90 days past due presumption of default
  based on reasonable and supportable information, including the Group’s credit risk control
  practices and the historical recovery rate of financial assets over 90 days past due. However,
  the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external
  information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts
  in full before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group.

  For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, the Group applies the
  low credit risk simplification. At each reporting date, the Group evaluates whether the debt
  investments are considered to have low credit risk using all reasonable and supportable
  information that is available without undue cost or effort. However, when there has been a
  significant increase in credit risk of debt investments since origination, the allowance will be
  based on the lifetime ECL.

  A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the
  contractual cash flows.

  Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at
  amortized cost are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified
  within the following stages for measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables which apply
  the simplified approach as detailed below.

  Stage 1           —   Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly
                        since initial recognition and for which the loss allowance is measured at
                        an amount equal to 12-month ECLs

  Stage 2           —   Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly
                        since initial recognition but that are not credit-impaired financial assets
                        and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to
                        lifetime ECLs

  Stage 3           —   Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that
                        are not purchased or originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss
                        allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs




                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   139
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

      Simplified approach

      For trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or when the Group
      applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component,
      the Group applies the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach,
      the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognizes a loss allowance based
      on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established a provision matrix that is
      based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the
      debtors and the economic environment.

      For lease receivables, the Group chooses as its accounting policy to adopt the simplified
      approach in calculating ECLs with policies as described above.

      Financial liabilities

      Initial recognition and measurement

      Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value
      through profit or loss and financial liabilities at amortized cost.

      All financial liabilities are recognized initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and
      borrowings and payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.

      The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and bills payables and other financial liabilities
      included in other payables and lease liabilities.

      Subsequent measurement

      The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:

      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading
      and financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or
      loss.




140    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2026

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Financial liabilities (Continued)

  Subsequent measurement (Continued)

  Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (Continued)

  Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are incurred for the purpose of
  repurchasing in the near term. This category also includes derivative financial instruments
  entered into by the Group that are not designated as hedging instruments in hedge
  relationships as defined by HKFRS 9. Separated embedded derivatives are also classified as
  held for trading unless they are designated as effective hedging instruments. Gains or losses on
  liabilities held for trading are recognized in the statement of profit or loss. The net fair value
  gain or loss recognized in the statement of profit or loss does not include any interest charged
  on these financial liabilities.

  Financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss are
  designated at the initial date of recognition, and only if the criteria in HKFRS 9 are satisfied.
  Gains or losses on liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss are recognized in the
  statement of profit or loss, except for the gains or losses arising from the Group’s own credit
  risk which are presented in other comprehensive income with no subsequent reclassification to
  the statement of profit or loss. The net fair value gain or loss recognized in the statement of
  profit or loss does not include any interest charged on these financial liabilities.

  Financial liabilities at amortized cost

  After initial recognition, trade and other payables are subsequently measured at amortized cost,
  using the effective interest method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in
  which case they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognized in the statement of profit or
  loss when the liabilities are derecognized as well as through the effective interest rate
  amortization process.

  Amortized cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and
  fees or costs that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate
  amortization is included in finance costs in the statement of profit or loss.

  Derecognition of financial liabilities

  A financial liability is derecognized when the obligation under the liability is discharged or
  cancelled, or expires.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   141
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Derecognition of financial liabilities (Continued)

      When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially
      different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an
      exchange or modification is treated as a derecognition of the original liability and a recognition
      of a new liability, and the difference between the respective carrying amounts is recognized in
      the statement of profit or loss.

      Offsetting of financial instruments

      Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the
      statement of financial position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the
      recognized amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realize the assets
      and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

      Treasury shares

      Own equity instruments which are reacquired and held by the Company or the Group (treasury
      shares) are recognized directly in equity at cost. No gain or loss is recognized in the statement
      of profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Group’s own equity
      instruments.

      Inventories

      Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is determined on the
      weighted average basis. Net realizable value is based on estimated selling prices less any
      estimated costs to be incurred to completion and disposal.

      Cash and bank deposits and cash equivalents

      Cash and bank deposits in the statement of financial position comprise cash on hand and at
      banks, and highly liquid time deposits with a maturity of generally within three months when
      acquired that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash, subject to an insignificant risk
      of changes in value and held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments.

      Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows comprise cash on hand and at banks,
      and highly liquid time deposits as defined above, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on
      demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management.




142    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2026

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Income tax

  Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognized outside
  profit or loss is recognized outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or
  directly in equity.

  Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or
  paid to the taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
  substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period, taking into consideration
  interpretations and practices prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates.

  Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of
  the reporting period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts
  for financial reporting purposes, except that deferred tax is not recognized for the Pillar Two
  income taxes.

  Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences, except:

  •    when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or
       liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the
       transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not
       give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences; and

  •    in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries,
       associates and joint ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences
       can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the
       foreseeable future.

  Deferred tax assets are recognized for all deductible temporary differences, and the
  carryforward of unused tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are
  recognized to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which
  the deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits and unused
  tax losses can be utilized, except:

  •    when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the
       initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination
       and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit
       or loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences; and

  •    in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries,
       associates and joint ventures, deferred tax assets are only recognized to the extent that it
       is probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and
       taxable profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilized.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   143
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Income tax (Continued)

      The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and
      reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available
      to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilized. Unrecognized deferred tax assets
      are reassessed at the end of each reporting period and are recognized to the extent that it has
      become probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the
      deferred tax asset to be recovered.

      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to
      the period when the asset is realized or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws)
      that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

      Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally
      enforceable right to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax
      assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority
      on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend either to settle
      current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realize the assets and settle the liabilities
      simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or
      assets are expected to be settled or recovered.

      Government grants

      Government grants are recognized at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that
      the grant will be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant
      relates to an expense item, it is recognized as income on a systematic basis over the periods
      that the costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed.

      Revenue recognition

      Revenue from contracts with customers

      Revenue from contracts with customers is recognized when control of goods or services is
      transferred to the customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group
      expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.

      When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration
      is estimated to which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or
      services to the customer. The variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and
      constrained until it is highly probable that a significant revenue reversal in the amount of
      cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the associated uncertainty with the variable
      consideration is subsequently resolved.




144    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                     March 31, 2026

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Revenue recognition (Continued)

  Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

  The Group reports revenue on a gross or net basis depending on whether the Group is acting
  as a principal or an agent in a transaction. The Group is a principal if it controls the specified
  product or service before that product or service is transferred to a customer or it has a right to
  direct others to provide the product or service to the customer on the Group’s behalf. Indicators
  that the Group is a principal include, but are not limited to, whether the Group (i) is primarily
  responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified good or service; (ii) has inventory
  risk before the specified good or service has been transferred to a customer or after transfer of
  control to the customer; and (iii) has discretion in establishing the price for the specified good
  or service, etc.

  When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a
  significant benefit of financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than
  one year, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using
  the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction between the Group
  and the customer at contract inception. When the contract contains a financing component
  which provides the Group with a significant financial benefit for more than one year, revenue
  recognized under the contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability
  under the effective interest method. For a contract where the period between the payment by
  the customer and the transfer of the promised goods or services is one year or less, the
  transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of a significant financing component, using the
  practical expedient in HKFRS 15.

  (a)   Revenues from the pharmaceutical direct sales business:

        Sale of pharmaceutical and healthcare products

        The Group is engaged in the sale of pharmaceutical and healthcare products to individual
        customers (“business-to-customer” or “B2C”) through its online stores on Tmall.com
        (“ T m a l l ”) a n d i t s o f f l i n e p h a r m a c y o u t l e t s , a n d t o m e r c h a n t c u s t o m e r s
        (“business-to-business”, or “B2B”). Revenue from the sale of pharmaceutical and
        healthcare products is recorded net of discounts and recognized when the goods are
        delivered to B2C customers or received by B2B customers, either by third party couriers or
        at the offline outlets, or to merchant customers by third party couriers. For contracts which
        provide a customer with a right to return the goods within a specified period, the expected
        value method is used to estimate the goods that will not be returned because this method
        best predicts the amount of variable consideration to which the Group will be entitled. The
        requirements in HKFRS 15 on constraining estimates of variable consideration are applied
        in order to determine the amount of variable consideration that can be included in the
        transaction price.




                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   145
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Revenue recognition (Continued)

      Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

      (a)   Revenues from the pharmaceutical direct sales business: (Continued)

            Marketing services

            The Group provides marketing services to pharmaceutical brands primarily through display
            of impressions or clicks of the pharmaceutical brands’ advertisements on various online
            platforms and mobile apps. The fee from pharmaceutical brands is charged primarily
            during the period over which the marketing services are provided. Revenue from the
            marketing services is recognized over the period when the underlying services are
            provided.

      (b)   Revenues from the pharmaceutical E-commerce platform business:

            Outsourced and value-added services to Tmall Entities

            The Group provides outsourced and value-added services to Tmall Entities*, in relation to
            certain categories of products or services sold or provided on Tmall. The outsourced and
            value-added services include business development for merchants, customer services on
            behalf of merchants, marketing event planning for merchants and technical support and
            assistance to the Tmall Entities’ business team. Revenue from the outsourced and
            value-added services is determined as a percentage of the fees paid by merchants to the
            Tmall Entities in respect of the transaction amount of completed sales of products or
            services under certain categories on Tmall and recognized when services are rendered and
            the underlying transactions of merchants are completed.

            E-commerce platform services

            The Group provides to merchants on the Tmall e-commerce platform maintenance related
            software services in respect of merchant admission, product quality control, and merchant
            operational and maintenance support, and earns commissions from merchants generally
            at 3% of the transaction amounts of merchandise being sold on Tmall by merchants.
            Revenue of the commissions is recognized at the time when the underlying sale of
            merchandise by merchants on Tmall is completed.




146     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2026

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Revenue recognition (Continued)

  Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

  (b)   Revenues from the pharmaceutical E-commerce platform business: (Continued)

        Marketing materials review and value-added services

        The Group provides marketing materials review services and value-added services to
        Hangzhou Alimama Software Services Co., Ltd. (“Hangzhou Alimama”) in respect of
        product promotion under the certain healthcare categories. Revenue from the marketing
        materials review services and value-added services is recognized over the period when the
        underlying services are provided.

        *   Zhejiang Tmall Network Co., Ltd. (浙江天貓網絡有限公司) and Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd. (浙江天貓
            技術有限公司)


  (c)   Revenues from the healthcare and digital services business

        The Group provides a variety of standardized service packages that integrate services
        provided by various medical and healthcare organizations to meet the health-related
        needs of the users, such as health check-ups, genetic testing and vaccine inoculation. The
        Group principally generates revenue from selling the standardized service packages to
        individual customers or corporate customers. Different types of service packages provide
        the customers with a specific number of times of services for each service offered in the
        package. Revenue is recognized upon the individual service is rendered to customers.

        The Group, through its online stores on Tmall and mobile apps, facilitates the provision of
        services by medical and healthcare service organizations to end customers. The Group
        provides to medical and healthcare service organizations with e-commerce platform
        maintenance related software services, customer consultation, reservation and other
        value-added services and charges a service fee at a percentage of the amount of the
        transaction entered into by the medical and healthcare service providers and their
        customers, or at a fixed price per reservation through the Group’s online stores. The
        revenue is recognized at the time when the underlying transaction is completed by the
        medical and healthcare service provider through Tmall.

        The Group also provides marketing services to medical and healthcare service
        organizations primarily through display of impressions or clicks of the advertisement in
        particular areas of web pages or mobile apps. The fee from medical and healthcare
        service organizations is charged primarily during the period over which the marketing
        services are provided.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   147
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Revenue recognition (Continued)

      Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

      (c)   Revenues from the healthcare and digital services business (Continued)

            The Group also provides multi-faceted, multi-level, professional and convenient health
            consultation services to users through their engaged professionals, such as medical
            practitioners, pharmacists and nutritionists. The Group charges a fixed consultation fee to
            the user and recognizes revenue at the time when the service is rendered to the user.

            The Group also renders series of services to the customers through its product tracking
            platforms, including product track and trace and the digital healthcare business. Revenue
            is recognized over the period when the underlying services are provided.

      Other income

      Interest income is recognized on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by
      applying the rate that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life
      of the financial instrument or a shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of
      the financial asset.

      Dividend income is recognized when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been
      established, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to
      the Group and the amount of the dividend can be measured reliably.

      Contract liabilities

      A contract liability is recognized when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is
      earlier) from a customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract
      liabilities are recognized as revenue when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers
      control of the related goods or services to the customer).

      Costs of services

      Costs of services comprise labor, other costs of personnel directly engaged in providing the
      services and attributable overhead costs for technical support and other direct costs of services
      purchased.

      Fulfilment

      Fulfilment primarily consists of those costs incurred in warehousing, logistics, operation and
      customer services, which are associated with the Group’s online direct sales business.




148     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2026

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Finance costs

  Finance costs are interest on lease liabilities of the Group.

  Share-based payments

  The Company operates a share award scheme. Employees (including directors) of the Group
  receive remuneration in the form of share-based payments, whereby employees render services
  in exchange for equity instruments (“equity-settled transactions”). The cost of equity-settled
  transactions with employees is measured by reference to the fair value at the date at which
  they are granted. The fair value of share options is determined by an external valuer using a
  binomial model and the fair value of restricted share units (“RSUs”) is determined based on the
  market value of the Company’s shares, further details of which are given in note 29 to the
  financial statements.

  Certain employees of Alibaba Group transferred to the Company, share awards granted by
  Alibaba Group to these employees were not forfeited after to the transfer. The Company has no
  obligation to settle all RSUs vested during these employees’ service period in the Company, and
  measures the transaction as equity-settled share-based payments.

  The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognized in employee benefit expense, together with
  a corresponding increase in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service
  conditions are fulfilled. The cumulative expense recognized for equity-settled transactions at the
  end of each reporting period until the vesting date reflects the extent to which the vesting
  period has expired and the Group’s best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will
  ultimately vest. The charge or credit to the statement of profit or loss for a period represents
  the movement in the cumulative expense recognized as at the beginning and end of that
  period.

  Service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining
  the grant date fair value of awards, but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed
  as part of the Group’s best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately
  vest. Market performance conditions are reflected within the grant date fair value. Any other
  conditions attached to an award, but without an associated service requirement, are considered
  to be non-vesting conditions. Non-vesting conditions are reflected in the fair value of an award
  and lead to an immediate expensing of an award unless there are also service and/or
  performance conditions.

  For awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service
  conditions have not been met, no expense is recognized. Where awards include a market or
  non-vesting condition, the transactions are treated as vesting irrespective of whether the market
  or non-vesting condition is satisfied, provided that all other performance and/or service
  conditions are satisfied.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   149
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Share-based payments (Continued)

      Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is
      recognized as if the terms had not been modified, if the original terms of the award are met. In
      addition, an expense is recognized for any modification that increases the total fair value of the
      share-based payments, or is otherwise beneficial to the employee as measured at the date of
      modification. Where an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated as if it had vested on the
      date of cancellation, and any expense not yet recognized for the award is recognized
      immediately.

      The dilutive effect of outstanding options and RSUs is reflected as additional share dilution in
      the computation of earnings per share.

      Other employee benefits

      Pension schemes

      The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme
      (the “MPF Scheme”) under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for those eligible
      Hong Kong employees. Contributions are made based on a percentage of the employees’ basic
      salaries and are charged to the statement of profit or loss as they become payable in
      accordance with the rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held
      separately from those of the Group in an independently administered fund. The Group’s
      employer contributions vest fully with the employees when contributed into the MPF Scheme.

      Full-time employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in Chinese mainland are
      required to participate in defined contribution schemes operated by the local municipal
      governments. These subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage of their payroll
      costs to the defined contribution scheme which includes pension, medical care, unemployment
      insurance, employee housing fund and other welfare. The contributions are charged to the
      statement of profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the defined
      contribution scheme. The Group has no legal obligation for the benefits beyond the
      contributions made.

      Events after the reporting period

      If the Group receives information after the reporting period, but prior to the date of
      authorization for issue, about conditions that existed at the end of the reporting period, it will
      assess whether the information affects the amounts that it recognizes in its financial
      statements. The Group will adjust the amounts recognized in its financial statements to reflect
      any adjusting events after the reporting period and update the disclosures that relate to those
      conditions in light of the new information. For non-adjusting events after the reporting period,
      the Group will not change the amounts recognized in its financial statements, but will disclose
      the nature of the non-adjusting events and an estimate of their financial effects, or a statement
      that such an estimate cannot be made, if applicable.



150    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2026

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Dividends

  Final dividends are recognized as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a
  general meeting. Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to the financial
  statements. Interim dividends are simultaneously proposed and declared, because the
  Company’s memorandum and articles of association grant the directors the authority to declare
  interim dividends. Consequently, interim dividends are recognized immediately as a liability
  when they are proposed and declared.

  Foreign currencies

  The Company’s functional currency is Hong Kong dollar (“HK$”), while these financial
  statements are presented in RMB. Each entity in the Group determines its own functional
  currency and items included in the financial statements of each entity are measured using that
  functional currency. Foreign currency transactions recorded by the entities in the Group are
  initially recorded using their respective functional currency rates prevailing at the dates of the
  transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at
  the functional currency rates of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period. Differences
  arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognized in the statement of profit
  or loss.

  Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
  translated using the exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items
  measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date
  when the fair value was measured. The gain or loss arising on translation of a non-monetary
  item measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition of the gain or loss on change
  in fair value of the item (i.e., translation difference on the item whose fair value gain or loss is
  recognized in other comprehensive income or profit or loss is also recognized in other
  comprehensive income or profit or loss, respectively).

  In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income
  on the derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance
  consideration, the date of initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognizes
  the non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability arising from the advance consideration. If
  there are multiple payments or receipts in advance, the Group determines the transaction date
  for each payment or receipt of the advance consideration.

  The functional currencies of certain subsidiaries not operating in Chinese mainland are
  currencies other than the RMB. As at the end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of
  these entities are translated into RMB at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the
  reporting period and their statements of profit or loss are translated into RMB at the weighted
  average exchange rates for the year.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   151
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Foreign currencies (Continued)

      The resulting exchange differences are recognized in other comprehensive income and
      accumulated in the exchange fluctuation reserve, except to the extent that the differences are
      attributable to non-controlling interests. On disposal of a subsidiary not operating in Chinese
      mainland, the cumulative amount in the reserve relating to that particular subsidiary not
      operating in Chinese mainland is recognized in the statement of profit or loss.

      Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a subsidiary not operating in Chinese mainland and
      any fair value adjustments to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities arising on
      acquisition are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and translated at the
      closing rate.

      For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of subsidiaries not
      operating in Chinese mainland are translated into RMB at the exchange rates ruling at the dates
      of the cash flows. Frequently recurring cash flows of subsidiaries not operating in Chinese
      mainland which arise throughout the year are translated into RMB at the weighted average
      exchange rates for the year.


3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
      The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements,
      estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and
      liabilities, and their accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities.
      Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that could require
      a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected in the future.

      Judgements

      In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the
      following judgements, apart from those involving estimations, which have the most significant
      effect on the amounts recognized in the financial statements:

      Accounting for companies governed under contractual arrangements as subsidiaries

      The Company and some of its subsidiaries do not hold any equity interests in certain of their
      subsidiaries. Nevertheless, under the contractual agreements entered into between the Group
      and the shareholders who are the registered owners of those subsidiaries, the directors of the
      Company determine that the Group has the power to govern the financial and operating
      policies of those subsidiaries so as to obtain benefits from their activities. As such, those
      subsidiaries are accounted for as subsidiaries of the Group for accounting purposes.




152    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            March 31, 2026

3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
   (CONTINUED)
  Judgements (Continued)

  Principal versus agent considerations

  In determining whether the Group is acting as a principal or as an agent in the sales of goods
  and provision of services, requires judgement and consideration of all relevant facts and
  circumstances. In evaluation of the Group acting as a principal or an agent, the Group
  considers whether it obtains control of the good or service before that good or service is
  transferred to a customer, including whether the Group is primarily responsible for fulfilling the
  promise to provide the specified good or service, has inventory risk before the specified good or
  service has been transferred to a customer or after transfer of control to the customer (for
  example, if the customer has a right of return), has discretion in establishing the price for the
  specified good or service.

  Classification between associates and financial assets at fair value through profits or loss

  The Group applies the equity method of accounting to account for its equity interests in certain
  investee companies with less than 20% as associates, and classifies its equity interests in
  certain investee companies with over 20% as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.
  Management assesses the level of influence that the Group is able to exercise on these investee
  companies and determines the existence of significant influence after considering various
  factors, such as the composition of the board of directors of these investee companies, the
  existence of contractual arrangements, and the investment strategies of holding equity interests
  in these investee companies. For those investee companies in which the Group are able to
  exercise significant influence, they are classified as associates of the Group.

  Deferred tax assets

  Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that
  taxable profit will be available against which the losses can be utilized. Significant
  management judgement is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be
  recognized, based upon the likely timing and the level of future taxable profits, together with
  future tax planning strategies.

  The Group has unrecognized tax losses of RMB575,622,000 (2025: RMB692,786,000) carried
  forward. These losses related to subsidiaries that have a history of losses, have not expired,
  and may not be used to offset taxable income elsewhere in the Group. The subsidiaries have
  neither any taxable temporary difference nor any tax planning opportunities available that
  could partly support the recognition of these losses as deferred tax assets. On this basis, the
  Group has determined that it cannot recognize deferred tax assets on the tax losses carried
  forward.

  Further details on deferred taxes are disclosed in note 27 to the financial statements.


                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   153
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
   (CONTINUED)
      Estimation uncertainty

      The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at
      the end of the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to
      the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are described
      below.

      Impairment of investments in associates

      The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for investments in
      associates at the end of each reporting period. Investments in associates are tested for
      impairment when there are indicators that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An
      impairment exists when the carrying amount of an investment in an associate exceeds its
      recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in
      use. The fair value is determined based on market-based valuation techniques for unlisted
      associates or based on observable market prices for listed associates less incremental costs for
      disposing of the asset. The market-based valuation techniques involve the use of significant
      judgements and estimates, such as comparable public companies, relevant price multiples,
      discounts for lack of marketability and recent transactions prices. When the value in use is
      determined based on discounted cash flow method, management must estimate the expected
      future cash flows from the investments in associates and choose suitable discount rates and
      growth rates in order to calculate the present values of those cash flows.

      Fair value of unlisted equity investments

      The Group’s unlisted equity investments have been valued based on market-based valuation
      techniques as detailed in note 35 to the financial statements. The fair values are determined
      mainly based on (i) valuation multiples of the comparable public companies (peers) and
      discounts for lack of marketability, or (ii) recent transaction prices, together with an option
      pricing model for the equity allocation purpose. The Group classifies the fair value of these
      unlisted equity investments as Level 3. The fair value of the unlisted equity investments at
      March 31, 2026 was RMB2,113,616,000 (2025: RMB1,710,346,000). Further details are included in
      notes 22 and 23 to the financial statements.

      Impairment of goodwill

      The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis. This requires
      an estimation of the value in use of the CGUs to which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the
      value in use requires the Group to make an estimate of the expected future cash flows from the
      CGUs and also to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of
      those cash flows. The carrying amount of goodwill at March 31, 2026 was RMB805,337,000
      (2025: RMB810,853,000). Further details are given in note 14 to the financial statements.




154    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            March 31, 2026

3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
   (CONTINUED)
  Estimation uncertainty (Continued)

  Impairment of inventories

  Management reviews the ageing and expiry dates of inventories of the Group at the end of
  each reporting period, and makes provision or write-off on obsolete and slow-moving inventory
  items identified that are no longer suitable for sale. Management estimates the net realizable
  value for such inventories based primarily on the available selling prices, estimated costs to be
  incurred to sale and current market conditions. If the market condition was to deteriorate so
  that the actual provision might be higher than expected, the Group would be required to revise
  the basis of making the provision and its future results would be affected.


4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
  The Group is primarily engaged in the pharmaceutical direct sales business, pharmaceutical
  e-commerce platform business and healthcare and digital services business. Given that the
  chief operating decision maker of the Company considers that the Group’s business is operated
  and managed as a single segment of distribution and development of pharmaceutical and
  healthcare business, no further segment information is presented.

  Geographical information

  During the year ended March 31, 2026, all (2025: all) of the Group’s revenue from external
  customers and over 99% (2025: over 99%) non-current assets other than financial instruments
  and deferred tax assets as at March 31, 2026 attributed to Chinese mainland as determined
  based on the locations of customers and assets, respectively.

  Information about a major customer

  During the year ended March 31, 2026, there was no revenue derived from transactions with a
  single external customer which amounted to 10% or more of the Group’s revenue (2025: Nil).




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   155
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS
      An analysis of revenue from contracts with customers is as follows:

                                                                                             2026          2025
                                                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000

      Pharmaceutical direct sales business                                               29,664,989   26,124,420
      Pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business                                         3,638,466    3,588,499
      Healthcare and digital services business                                              951,667      885,373


      Total                                                                              34,255,122   30,598,292


      (i)     Disaggregated revenue information

                                                                                             2026          2025
                                                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000

              Types of goods or services:
                Sale of products                                                         26,925,462   24,058,732
                Provision of services                                                     7,329,660    6,539,560


              Total                                                                      34,255,122   30,598,292


              Timing of revenue recognition:
                At a point in time                                                       28,859,878   26,190,523
                Over time                                                                 5,395,244    4,407,769


              Total                                                                      34,255,122   30,598,292


              The following table shows the amounts of revenue recognized in the reporting period that
              were included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period:

                                                                                             2026          2025
                                                                                          RMB’000       RMB’000

              Sale of products                                                             287,524      154,875
              Provision of services                                                        407,571      399,808


              Total                                                                        695,095      554,683




156     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2026

5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (CONTINUED)
  (ii)   Performance obligations

         Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarized below:

         Sale of products

         The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of the pharmaceutical and
         healthcare products. For B2C pharmacy sales, payment is received from the payment
         platform, i.e. Alipay.com Co., Ltd. (支付寶（中國）網絡技術有限公司) (“Alipay”), when the
         receipt of goods is confirmed by customers or by the payment platform automatically
         within a pre-specified period of time after delivery. For B2B pharmacy sales, payment is
         generally due within 30 to 90 days, except for new customers, where payment in advance
         is normally required. Some contracts provide customers with a right of return which gives
         rise to variable consideration subject to constraint.

         Provision of services

         The performance obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time as marketing
         services, outsourced and value-added services, E-commerce platform services, healthcare
         and digital services, and marketing materials review and value-added services are
         rendered. Payment is generally received upon the completion of the underlying
         transactions, prior to the provision of services on a full prepayment basis, or due within 30
         to 90 days.

         The Group has elected the practical expedient for not to disclose the remaining
         performance obligations because the performance obligations are part of contracts with
         original expected duration of one year or less (2025: one year or less) or the Group has a
         right to consideration from the customer in an amount that corresponds directly with the
         value to the customer of the Group’s performance completed to date.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   157
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                                      2026             2025
                                                                                           Notes   RMB’000          RMB’000

      Other income
      Bank interest income                                                                         463,430           464,654
      Other interest income                                                                              —               195
      Investment income                                                                             12,661             4,125
      Management fee income from a joint venture                                                    11,475            12,193
      Dividend income                                                                               11,988            19,600
      Government grants#                                                                            55,812           103,745
      Sublease income                                                                               18,636               194
      Others                                                                                        11,103             4,892


      Total other income                                                                           585,105           609,598


      Gains
      Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value
        through profit or loss                                                                          —             51,364
      Gain on partial disposal of financial assets at fair
        value through profit or loss                                                                67,055                  —
      Gain on partial disposal of associates                                                        37,653                  —
      Gain on deemed disposal of interests in associates                                           226,176              1,633
      Gain on deemed investment of an associate                                                      2,630                  —
      Gain on disposal of a business                                                        31       9,538                  —
      Foreign exchange differences, net                                                             32,343                  —
      Gain on disposal of property and equipment                                                         —                641
      Gain on revision of lease terms arising from changes
        in the non-cancellable periods of leases                                           13(c)        41                   —


      Total gains                                                                                  375,436            53,638


      Total other income and gains                                                                 960,541           663,236

      #
              Government grants mainly represented incentives received for investments in certain regions in Chinese mainland
              in which the Company’s subsidiaries operate as well as tax-related benefits. There are no unfulfilled conditions or
              contingencies relating to these government grants.




158       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2026

6. PROFIT BEFORE TAX
  The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                          2026                     2025
                                                                  Notes                RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Cost of goods sold*                                                               23,254,086               20,726,222
  Cost of services provided* (excluding employee
    benefit expense)                                                                  2,593,653                2,285,440
  Depreciation of property and equipment                            12                   13,986                   15,295
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                              13(a)                 22,456                   25,471
  Amortization of intangible assets                                 15                   16,799                   16,839
  Fair value losses on financial assets at fair value
    through profit or loss**                                                            415,103                        —
  Loss on partial disposal of associates**                                                    —                   42,423
  Loss on disposal of property and equipment**                                              389                        —
  Loss on disposal of intangible assets**                                                   192                       22
  Foreign exchange differences, net**                                                         —                   37,143
  Impairment of goodwill**                                           14                   5,516                        —
  Impairment of investments in associates**                                              94,478                  410,020
  Provision of inventories*                                                             130,748                   92,398
  Lease payments not included in the
    measurement of lease liabilities                               13(c)                    1,454                       2,131
  Impairment/(reversal of impairment) of financial
    assets, net**:
    Impairment of trade receivables                                  19                        975                      6,207
    Impairment of financial assets included in
       prepayments, other receivables and other assets               20                           —                11,174


  Total                                                                                        975                 17,381


  Loss on revision of lease terms arising from changes
    in the non-cancellable periods of leases**                     13(c)                        —                          32
  Auditor’s remuneration                                                                    4,300                       4,230
  Employee benefit expense (including directors’ and
    chief executive’s remuneration):
    Wages, salaries and social welfare benefits                                         625,871                  565,932
    Discretionary performance related bonuses                                           119,992                  222,249
    Share-based compensation expense                                 29                 162,124                  224,535
    Pension scheme contributions#                                                        42,810                   55,179


  Total                                                                                 950,797                1,067,895




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report      159
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

6. PROFIT BEFORE TAX (CONTINUED)
      *        These items are included in “Cost of sales” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


      **       These items are included in “Other expenses and losses” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

      #
               There are no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group as the employer to reduce the existing level
               of contributions.


7. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION
      Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Rules
      Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”), section 383(1)
      (a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies
      (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

                                                                                                  2026               2025
                                                                                               RMB’000            RMB’000

      Fees                                                                                         1,346              1,346


      Other emoluments:
        Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                  4,760              4,646
        Discretionary performance related bonuses                                                  4,195              2,490
        Share-based compensation expense                                                          (5,833)            31,838
        Pension scheme contributions                                                                 169                145


           Subtotal                                                                                3,291             39,119


      Total                                                                                        4,637             40,465


      During the year and in prior years, certain directors were granted share options and RSUs, in
      respect of their services to the Group, under the share award scheme of the Company, further
      details of which are set out in note 29 to the financial statements. The fair values of such
      options and RSUs, which have been recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss
      over the vesting period, were determined as at the date of grant and the amounts included in
      the financial statements for the current and prior years are included in the above directors’ and
      chief executive’s remuneration disclosures.




160        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                          March 31, 2026

7. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION
   (CONTINUED)
  (a) Independent non-executive directors

      The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:

                                                                                       2026                     2025
                                                                                    RMB’000                  RMB’000

      Ms. Huang Yi Fei                                                                      350                       350
      Dr. Shao Rong                                                                         350                       350
      Ms. Wu May Yihong                                                                     646                       646


      Total                                                                              1,346                       1,346


      There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors
      during the year (2025: Nil).




                                    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report      161
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

7. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION
   (CONTINUED)
      (b) Executive directors and non-executive directors

                                                                   Salaries, Discretionary
                                                                allowances performance Share-based          Pension
                                                               and benefits        related compensation      scheme         Total
                                                      Fees          in kind       bonuses      expense contributions remuneration
                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000


           2026
           Executive directors:
              Mr. Shen Difan*                              —           2,004            3,150    6,054           49        11,257
               Mr. Tu Yanwu                                —           1,339            1,045    1,684           71         4,139


               Subtotal                                    —           3,343            4,195    7,738          120        15,396


           Non-executive directors:
             Mr. Zhu Shunyan#                              —           1,417               —    (13,571)         49       (12,105)
             Ms. Huang Jiaojiao                            —               —               —          —           —             —
             Mr. Xu Haipeng                                —               —               —          —           —             —


               Subtotal                                    —           1,417               —    (13,571)         49       (12,105)


           Total                                           —           4,760            4,195    (5,833)        169         3,291


           2025
           Executive directors:
              Mr. Shen Difan*                              —            1,659           1,635     4,013          46         7,353
              Mr. Tu Yanwu                                 —            1,182             855     2,449          71         4,557


               Subtotal                                    —            2,841           2,490     6,462         117        11,910


           Non-executive directors:
             Mr. Zhu Shunyan#                              —            1,805              —     25,376          28        27,209
             Ms. Huang Jiaojiao                            —                —              —          —           —             —
             Mr. Xu Haipeng                                —                —              —          —           —             —


               Subtotal                                    —            1,805              —     25,376          28        27,209


           Total                                           —            4,646           2,490    31,838         145        39,119


           *       Mr. Shen Difan is also the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.

           #
                   Mr. Zhu Shunyan resigned as a non-executive director of the Company with effect from December 15, 2025.




162    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            March 31, 2026

7. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION
   (CONTINUED)
  (b) Executive directors and non-executive directors (Continued)

          During the year ended March 31, 2026, there was no (2025: no) arrangement under which
          a director waived or agreed to waive any remuneration and no remuneration was paid by
          the Group to a director as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as
          compensation for loss of office.


8. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
  The five highest paid employees during the year included two (2025: two) directors, details of
  whose remuneration are set out in note 7 above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the
  remaining three (2025: three) highest paid employees who are neither a director nor chief
  executive of the Company are as follows:

                                                                                         2026                     2025
                                                                                      RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                               6,061                    4,716
  Discretionary performance related bonuses                                               3,474                    2,298
  Share-based compensation expense                                                       12,342                   11,604
  Pension scheme contributions                                                              226                      131


  Total                                                                                  22,103                   18,749


  The number of non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees whose
  remuneration fell within the following bands is as follows:

                                                                                     Number of employees
                                                                                            2026                       2025


  HK$5,000,001 to HK$5,500,000                                                                   —                       2
  HK$5,500,001 to HK$6,000,000                                                                   1                       —
  HK$7,000,001 to HK$7,500,000                                                                   2                       —
  HK$9,500,001 to HK$10,000,000                                                                  —                       1


  Total                                                                                           3                       3




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report     163
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

8. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES (CONTINUED)
      During the year and in prior years, share options and/or RSUs were granted to certain
      non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees in respect of their services to the
      Group, further details of which are included in the disclosures in note 29 to the financial
      statements. The fair values of such options and RSUs, which have been recognized in the
      statement of profit or loss over the vesting period, were determined as at the date of grant and
      the amounts included in the financial statements for the current and prior years are included in
      the above non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees’ remuneration
      disclosures.

      During the year ended March 31, 2026, no remuneration was paid/payable by the Group to any
      of the five highest paid employees as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as
      compensation for loss of office.


9. INCOME TAX
                                                                                           2026       2025
                                                                                        RMB’000    RMB’000

      Current — Hong Kong profits tax
        Charge for the year                                                              10,819      8,461
        Overprovision in prior years                                                         (5)        (6)
      Current — Chinese mainland income tax
        Charge for the year                                                             281,724    130,074
      Deferred (note 27)                                                                 45,340    (10,575)


      Total tax charge for the year                                                     337,878    127,954


      Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2025: 16.5%) on the estimated
      assessable profits arising in Hong Kong.

      In Chinese mainland, the companies are subject to the PRC corporate income tax rate of 25%
      (2025: 25%), except for two (2025: two) PRC subsidiaries which are entitled to a preferential tax
      rate of 15% (2025: 15%) because they are regarded as High and New Technology Enterprises
      and one (2025: one) PRC subsidiary which is entitled to a preferential tax rate of 15% because
      it operates in Hainan Free Trade Port and meets the preferential tax treatment requirements.

      No tax attributable to the joint venture was included in “Share of profit or loss of a joint
      venture” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss (2025: Nil).

      The share of tax charge attributable to associates of approximately RMB1,155,000 (2025:
      RMB949,000) is included in “Share of profits or losses of associates” in the consolidated
      statement of profit or loss.




164    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                       March 31, 2026

9. INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)
  A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the statutory rates for the
  jurisdictions in which the Company and the majority of its subsidiaries are domiciled and/or
  operate to the tax expense at the effective tax rate, and a reconciliation of the applicable rates
  (i.e., the statutory tax rates) to the effective tax rates, are as follows:

  2026

                                                       Hong Kong                  Chinese mainland                   Total
                                                    RMB’000                %     RMB’000           %           RMB’000               %


  Profit before tax                                  397,582                     1,876,638                    2,274,220


  Tax at the statutory tax rate                       65,601            16.5      469,160            25.0       534,761           23.5
  Effect of preferential tax treatment enacted
     by local authority                                      —              —    (163,944)            (8.7)    (163,944)          (7.2)
  Adjustments in respect of current tax of
     previous periods                                       (5)             —             —              —             (5)           —
  Non-deductible expenses and non-taxable
     income, net                                     (56,586)          (14.2)      (32,919)           (1.8)     (89,505)          (3.9)
  Research and development super deduction                 —               —       (43,655)           (2.3)     (43,655)          (1.9)
  Tax losses recognized/utilized from previous
     periods                                           (1,410)           (0.3)   (114,088)            (6.1)    (115,498)          (5.1)
  Tax losses and deductible temporary
     differences not recognized                         3,214             0.8     210,394            11.2       213,608            9.4
  Withholding tax in the PRC                            2,116             0.5           —               —         2,116            0.1


  Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate            12,930              3.3     324,948            17.3       337,878           14.9


  2025

                                                        Hong Kong                 Chinese mainland                   Total
                                                     RMB’000               %      RMB’000          %           RMB’000               %


  Profit before tax                                  496,687                     1,063,281                    1,559,968


  Tax at the statutory tax rate                        81,953           16.5       265,820            25.0      347,773           22.3
  Effect of preferential tax treatment enacted
     by local authority                                      —              —      (94,125)           (8.9)      (94,125)          (6.0)
  Adjustments in respect of current tax of
     previous periods                                       (6)             —             —              —             (6)           —
  Non-deductible expenses and non-taxable
     income, net                                      (76,860)          (15.5)      27,803             2.6       (49,057)          (3.1)
  Research and development super deduction                  —               —      (56,798)           (5.3)      (56,798)          (3.6)
  Tax losses recognized/utilized from previous
     periods                                                 —              —     (181,988)          (17.1)    (181,988)          (11.8)
  Tax losses and deductible temporary
     differences not recognized                         3,368             0.7      152,223            14.3      155,591           10.0
  Withholding tax in the PRC                            6,564             1.3            —               —        6,564            0.4


  Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate             15,019             3.0      112,935            10.6      127,954             8.2




                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report    165
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

10. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
    HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
      The calculation of the basic earnings per share amounts is based on the profit for the year
      attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent of RMB1,936,162,000 (2025:
      RMB1,432,427,000), and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 16,110,469,738
      outstanding during the year (2025: 16,070,669,722).

      The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amounts is based on the profit for the year
      attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent. The weighted average number of ordinary
      shares used in the calculation is the number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year, as
      used in the basic earnings per share calculation, and the weighted average number of ordinary
      shares assumed to have been issued at no consideration on the deemed exercise of all dilutive
      potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares.

      The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:

                                                                                                  2026            2025
                                                                                               RMB’000         RMB’000

      Earnings
      Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent,
        used in the basic earnings per share calculation                                      1,936,162        1,432,427


                                                                                               Number of shares
                                                                                                 2026              2025


      Shares
      Weighted average number of ordinary shares
        outstanding during the year used in the basic
        earnings per share calculation                                                  16,110,469,738    16,070,669,722

      Effect of dilution — weighted average number of
        ordinary shares:
        Share options                                                                       2,115,329             1,696
        Restricted share units                                                             86,339,942        65,132,486


      Total                                                                             16,198,925,009    16,135,803,904




166    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            March 31, 2026

11. DIVIDENDS
  The board of directors of the Company recommends the payment of a final dividend of
  RMB5.95 cents (2025: Nil) per ordinary share and a special dividend of RMB13.52 cents (2025:
  Nil) per ordinary share for the year ended March 31, 2026, subject to approval by the
  shareholders of the Company at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company. The
  total proposed dividend for the year ended March 31, 2026 is RMB3,140,000,000 (2025: Nil).


12. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                Computer
                                                              equipment,
                                        Leasehold           furniture and                   Motor
                                     improvements                 fixtures                vehicles                 Total
                                          RMB’000                RMB’000                 RMB’000                RMB’000

  March 31, 2026

  At April 1, 2025:
    Cost                                      23,727                 86,218                     208              110,153
    Accumulated depreciation                 (18,774)               (55,478)                   (208)             (74,460)


    Net carrying amount                        4,953                 30,740                        —               35,693


  At April 1, 2025, net of
    accumulated depreciation                   4,953                 30,740                        —               35,693
  Additions                                    1,975                  7,012                        —                8,987
  Disposals                                   (1,062)                (2,839)                       —               (3,901)
  Depreciation provided during the
    year (note 6)                             (1,566)               (12,420)                       —              (13,986)


  At March 31, 2026, net of
    accumulated depreciation                   4,300                 22,493                        —               26,793


  At March 31, 2026:
    Cost                                      24,035                 45,175                        —               69,210
    Accumulated depreciation                 (19,735)               (22,682)                       —              (42,417)


    Net carrying amount                        4,300                 22,493                        —               26,793




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   167
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

12. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
                                                                                    Computer
                                                                                  equipment,
                                                           Leasehold            furniture and         Motor
                                                        improvements                   fixtures     vehicles      Total
                                                             RMB’000                 RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000

      March 31, 2025

      At April 1, 2024:
        Cost                                                      24,882                 81,602         307    106,791
        Accumulated depreciation                                 (19,233)               (51,675)       (307)   (71,215)


        Net carrying amount                                        5,649                29,927            —     35,576


      At April 1, 2024, net of
        accumulated depreciation                                   5,649                29,927            —     35,576
      Additions                                                    1,103                19,634            —     20,737
      Disposals                                                   (1,031)               (4,294)           —     (5,325)
      Depreciation provided during the
        year (note 6)                                                (768)              (14,527)          —     (15,295)


      At March 31, 2025, net of
        accumulated depreciation                                   4,953                30,740            —     35,693


      At March 31, 2025:
        Cost                                                      23,727                 86,218         208    110,153
        Accumulated depreciation                                 (18,774)               (55,478)       (208)   (74,460)


        Net carrying amount                                        4,953                30,740            —     35,693




168    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            March 31, 2026

13. LEASES
   The Group as a lessee

   The Group has lease contracts for various buildings for retail outlets, offices and warehouses
   used in its operations, and the lease terms ranged from 1.1 year to 9 years.

  (a) Right-of-use assets

       The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets, i.e., buildings, and the
       movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                         2026                     2025
                                                                                      RMB’000                  RMB’000

       Carrying amount at April 1                                                        34,027                   68,091
       Additions                                                                         55,352                   13,476
       Revision of lease terms arising from changes in
         the non-cancellable periods of leases                                           (6,093)                 (22,069)
       Depreciation charge                                                              (22,456)                 (25,471)


       Carrying amount at March 31                                                       60,830                   34,027




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   169
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

13. LEASES (CONTINUED)
      The Group as a lessee (Continued)

      (b) Lease liabilities

           The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                           2026        2025
                                                                                        RMB’000     RMB’000

           Carrying amount at April 1                                                     35,515      82,170
           New leases                                                                     55,352      13,476
           Accretion of interest recognized during the year                                1,402       2,609
           Payments                                                                      (26,380)    (40,703)
           Revision of lease terms arising from changes in
             the non-cancellable periods of leases                                        (6,134)    (22,037)


           Carrying amount at March 31                                                   59,755      35,515


           Analyzed into:
             Current portion
               Repayable within one year                                                 29,578      10,579


              Non-current portion
               Repayable in the second year                                              23,520      12,086
               Repayable in the third to fifth years, inclusive                           6,657      12,850


              Total non-current portion                                                  30,177      24,936


           Total lease liabilities                                                       59,755      35,515


           The maturity analysis of lease liabilities based on the contractual undiscounted payments
           is disclosed in note 36 to the financial statements.




170    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2026

13. LEASES (CONTINUED)
  The Group as a lessee (Continued)

  (c)   The amounts charged/(credited) to profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

                                                                                          2026                     2025
                                                                                       RMB’000                  RMB’000

        Interest on lease liabilities                                                      1,402                    2,609
        Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                        22,456                   25,471
        Loss/(gain) on revision of lease terms arising from
          changes in the non-cancellable periods of leases                                    (41)                         32
        Expense relating to short-term leases                                               1,454                       2,131


        Total amount recognized in profit or loss                                         25,271                   30,243


  (d)   The total cash outflow for leases is disclosed in note 32(c) to the financial statements.


14. GOODWILL
                                                                                          2026                     2025
                                                                                       RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Cost and net carrying amount at April 1                                               810,853                  810,853
  Impairment during the year (note 6)                                                    (5,516)                       —


  Net carrying amount at March 31                                                       805,337                  810,853


  At March 31
    Cost                                                                                810,853                  810,853
    Accumulated impairment                                                               (5,516)                       —


    Net carrying amount                                                                 805,337                  810,853




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report      171
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

14. GOODWILL (CONTINUED)
      Impairment testing of goodwill

      Goodwill acquired through business combinations is allocated to the following CGUs for
      impairment testing:

      •       B2C and related business;

      •       B2B business; and

      •       Healthcare and digital services business.

      The carrying amount of goodwill allocated to each of the CGUs is as follows:

                                                                                              2026      2025
                                                                                           RMB’000   RMB’000

      B2C and related business CGU                                                          51,019    51,019
      B2B business CGU                                                                           —     5,516
      Healthcare and digital services related business CGU                                 754,318   754,318


      Carrying amount of goodwill at March 31                                              805,337   810,853


      B2C and related business CGU

      The recoverable amount of this CGU has been determined based on a value in use calculation
      using cash flow projections based on financial budgets covering a five-year period approved by
      senior management. The discount rate applied to the cash flow projections is 11% (2025: 11%).
      The growth rate used to extrapolate the cash flows beyond the five-year period is 2% (2025:
      2%), which approximates the long-term average consumer price index growth rate of Chinese
      mainland.

      B2B business CGU

      During the year ended March 31, 2025, the recoverable amount of this CGU has been
      determined based on a value in use calculation using cash flow projections based on financial
      budgets covering a five-year period approved by senior management. The discount rate
      applied to the cash flow projections is 10%. The growth rate used to extrapolate the cash flows
      beyond the five-year period is 2%, which approximates the long-term average consumer price
      index growth rate of Chinese mainland.




172       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            March 31, 2026

14. GOODWILL (CONTINUED)
  Impairment testing of goodwill (Continued)

  B2B business CGU (Continued)

  The goodwill of B2B business CGU was fully impaired during the year ended March 31, 2026
  because the subsidiary previously acquired for the B2B business ceased meaningful commercial
  operation during the year ended March 31, 2026 and no positive operating cash flows are
  expected to be generated from this subsidiary in the foreseeable future. The impairment loss of
  RMB5,516,000 recognised was included in “Other expenses and losses” in the consolidated
  statement of profit or loss.

  Healthcare and digital services related business CGU

  The recoverable amount of this CGU was determined based on a value in use calculation using
  cash flow projections based on financial budgets covering a eight-year period (2025: eight-year
  period) approved by senior management, because a longer forecast period is required for the
  relevant business currently at early stage to become stabilized. The discount rate applied to the
  cash flow projections is 13% (2025: 14%). The growth rate used to extrapolate the cash flows
  beyond the eight-year period is 2% (2025: beyond the eight-year period is 2%), which
  approximates the long-term average consumer price index growth rate of Chinese mainland.

  Assumptions were used in the value in use calculation of the B2C and related business CGU and
  healthcare and digital services related business CGU. The following describes each key
  assumption on which management has based its cash flow projections to undertake
  impairment testing of goodwill:

  Expected revenue growth rates — The expected revenue growth rates are following the business
  plan approved by the Group management. Management leveraged their experiences in the
  industries and provided forecast based on past performance and their anticipation of future
  business and market developments.

  Budgeted gross margins — The basis used to determine the value assigned to the budgeted
  gross margins is the average gross margins achieved in the year immediately before the
  budget year, increased for expected efficiency improvements, and expected market
  development.

  Discount rates — The discount rates used are after tax and reflect specific risks relating to the
  relevant units.

  Growth rates — The growth rates used to extrapolate the cash flows at the perpetual growth
  stage are based on the estimated growth rate of each unit taking into account the long-term
  average consumer price index growth rate of Chinese mainland.




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   173
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

15. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                 Patents and
                                                                                     licences     Brand name       Total
                                                                                     RMB’000          RMB’000    RMB’000

      March 31, 2026

      Cost at April 1, 2025, net of accumulated
        amortization                                                                      241         274,979    275,220
      Disposals                                                                          (192)              —       (192)
      Amortization provided during the year (note 6)                                      (49)        (16,750)   (16,799)

      At March 31, 2026                                                                     —         258,229    258,229


      At March 31, 2026:
        Cost                                                                             6,795        335,000    341,795
        Accumulated amortization                                                        (6,795)       (76,771)   (83,566)

        Net carrying amount                                                                 —         258,229    258,229


      March 31, 2025

      At April 1, 2024:
        Cost                                                                             6,868        335,000    341,868
        Accumulated amortization                                                        (6,528)       (43,271)   (49,799)

        Net carrying amount                                                               340         291,729    292,069


      Cost at April 1, 2024, net of accumulated
        amortization                                                                      340         291,729    292,069
      Additions                                                                            10               —         10
      Disposals                                                                           (22)              —        (22)
      Amortization provided during the year (note 6)                                      (89)        (16,750)   (16,839)
      Exchange realignment                                                                  2               —          2

      At March 31, 2025                                                                   241         274,979    275,220


      At March 31, 2025 and at April 1, 2025:
        Cost                                                                             6,833        335,000    341,833
        Accumulated amortization                                                        (6,592)       (60,021)   (66,613)

        Net carrying amount                                                               241         274,979    275,220




174    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                           March 31, 2026

16. INVESTMENT IN A JOINT VENTURE
                                                                                                        2026                     2025
                                                                                                     RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Share of net assets                                                                                 184,526                  208,966


  Particulars of the Group’s joint venture at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                 Place of            Percentage of ownership
                                         Particulars of          registration and      interest attributable
  Name                                   capital held            business                  to the Group^     Principal activities
                                                                                           2026            2025


  江蘇紫金弘雲健康產業投資合夥企業（有                     Capital contribution of PRC/Chinese              13.72           13.72   Investment management
   限合夥）(Jiangsu Zijin Hongyun              RMB1 each               mainland
   Health Industry Investment
   Partnership (Limited Partnership)@)
   (“Jiangsu Zijin”)


  @
         For identification purposes only

  ^
         The percentage of ownership interest attributable to the Group is same as the percentage of voting power and
         profit sharing attributable to the Group.


  Jiangsu Zijin has a financial year ending December 31, and the financial statements for March
  31 of Jiangsu Zijin may not be available in a timely manner for the Group to apply the equity
  method of accounting; therefore the Group elects to record its shares of the profits or losses,
  other comprehensive income and other changes recognized directly in equity, where applicable,
  of Jiangsu Zijin on a quarter lag basis, adjusted for any financial effects arising from any
  significant transactions or events of Jiangsu Zijin that occurred between January 1, 2026
  and March 31, 2026 (2025: January 1, 2025 and March 31, 2025).

  The above joint venture is indirectly held by the Company.

  The following table illustrates the financial information of the Group’s joint venture that is not
  individually material:

                                                                                                        2026                     2025
                                                                                                     RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Share of the joint venture’s loss and total
    comprehensive loss for the year                                                                         (423)               (19,136)
  Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investment in the
    joint venture                                                                                     184,526                  208,966




                                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   175
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026


17. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                                             2026                     2025
                                                                                                          RMB’000                  RMB’000

      Share of net assets                                                                                  413,125                  814,973
      Goodwill on acquisition                                                                              425,117                1,116,061


      Subtotal                                                                                             838,242                1,931,034
      Impairment                                                                                          (121,209)                (410,020)


      Total                                                                                                717,033                1,521,014


      Particulars of the Group’s associates at the end of the reporting periods are as follows:

                                                                   Place of              Percentage of ownership
                                              Particulars of       registration and        interest attributable
      Name                                    capital held         business                    to the Group      Principal activities
                                                                                              2026          2025


      東方口岸科技有限公司                              Registered capital   PRC/Chinese               30.00          30.00   Operation of platforms for
       (Dongfang Customs Technology             of RMB1 each         mainland                                         electronic customs
       Company Limited)@ (“Dongfang                                                                                   processing
       Customs”)


      萬里雲醫療信息科技(北京)有限公司                       Registered capital   PRC/Chinese               23.28          23.28   Construction of medical
       (Wanliyun Medical Information            of RMB1 each         mainland                                         platforms and provision
       Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.)#@                                                                              of related services
       (“Wanliyun”)


      深圳市巨鼎醫療股份有限公司                           Ordinary shares of   PRC/Chinese                9.65           9.50   Provision of medical self-
       (Shenzhen Juding Medical                  RMB1 each           mainland                                          service equipment and
       Co.,Ltd.)#^@ (“Shenzhen Juding”)                                                                                smart healthcare solutions


      江蘇曼荼羅軟件股份有限公司                           Ordinary shares of   PRC/Chinese               10.03         10.183   Provision of software
       (Jiangsu Mandalat Software                RMB1 each           mainland                                          development
       Company Limited)#^@ (“Mandalat”)


      德生堂醫藥股份有限公司 (Deshengtang Ordinary shares of                  PRC/Chinese                5.00           5.00   Pharmaceutical retail chain
       Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd)#^@ RMB1 each                         mainland                                         business
       (“Deshengtang”)


      來未來科技(浙江)有限公司                          Ordinary shares of    PRC/Chinese               23.88          23.88   Construction of intelligent
       (Laiweilai Technology (Zhejiang) Co.,    RMB1 each            mainland                                         medical platform business
       Ltd)#@ (“Laiweilai”)




176     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                    March 31, 2026

17. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
  @
       For identification purposes only

  ^
       The Group’s investments in these companies are accounted for as associates of the Group because the Group is
       in a position to exercise significant influence. The Group has at least one director at each board of directors and/
       or has relevant rights regarding certain significant financial and operating decisions in board meetings of these
       associates.

  #
       These companies have a financial year ending December 31, and the financial statements for March 31 of these
       companies may not be available in a timely manner for the Group to apply the equity method of accounting;
       therefore the Group elects to record their shares of the profits or losses, other comprehensive income and other
       changes recognized directly in equity, where applicable, of these companies on a quarter lag basis, adjusted for
       any financial effects arising from any significant transactions or events of these companies that occurred
       between January 1, 2026 and March 31, 2026 (2025: January 1, 2025 and March 31, 2025).


  The above associates are indirectly held by the Company.

  The amounts of the Group’s unrecognised share of losses of an associate during the year and
  unrecognised share of losses of an associate cumulatively at the end of the year are
  RMB3,715,000 and RMB3,715,000, respectively. (2025: nil)

  The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s associates that
  are not individually material:

                                                                                                 2026                     2025
                                                                                              RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Share of the associates’ profit/(loss) for the year                                              2,589                 (45,527)
  Share of the associates’ other comprehensive
    loss for the year                                                                                    —                     (283)
  Share of the associates’ total comprehensive income/(loss)
    for the year                                                                                   2,589                 (45,810)
  Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments
    in the associates                                                                          717,033                1,521,014


  Impairment of investments in associates

  The carrying amount of one of the Group’s unlisted investments in Chinese mainland was
  impaired by RMB47,285,000 during the year ended March 31, 2026. Its recoverable amount, i.e.,
  fair value less cost of disposal, of RMB113,000,000 at March 31, 2026 was estimated using a
  market-based valuation technique primarily based on the bottom quartile of the enterprise
  value-to-sales multiples of comparable companies and the discount for lack of marketability of
  33%. Such fair value was categorized within Level 3 of the fair value measurement hierarchy.
  The impairment was attributable to the unfavourable financial performance and declined
  revenue growth of the investee company.




                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report     177
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

17. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
      Impairment of investments in associates (Continued)

      The carrying amount of one of the Group’s unlisted investments in Chinese mainland was
      impaired by RMB47,194,000 and reduced to nil during the year ended March 31, 2026. Its
      recoverable amount, i.e., value in use, was estimated using a discounted cash flow valuation
      model with a discount rate of 14%. Such fair value was categorized within Level 3 of the fair
      value measurement hierarchy. The impairment was attributable to the unfavourable
      performance of the investee company.


18. INVENTORIES
                                                                                           2026         2025
                                                                                        RMB’000      RMB’000

      Trading goods                                                                     1,848,739    1,415,220


19. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES
                                                                                           2026         2025
                                                                                        RMB’000      RMB’000

      Trade receivables                                                                 1,269,116    1,083,331
      Impairment                                                                          (36,571)     (36,255)


      Net carrying amount                                                               1,232,545    1,047,076
      Bills receivable                                                                     33,345        5,447


      Total trade and bills receivables                                                 1,265,890    1,052,523


      The Group’s trading terms with some of its customers are on credit. The Group provides a credit
      period of 30 to 90 days. Trade receivables are settled in accordance with the terms of the
      respective contracts. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables.
      Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by senior management. In view of the aforementioned
      and the fact that the Group’s trade receivables relate to a large number of diversified
      customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk. The Group does not hold any
      collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade receivable balances. Trade receivables are
      non-interest-bearing.

      Included in the Group’s trade receivables are amounts due from subsidiaries of Alibaba Group
      (excluding the Group) of approximately RMB470,439,000 (2025: RMB502,821,000) and the
      Group’s associates of approximately RMB189,000 (2025: RMB194,000), which are repayable on
      credit terms mutually agreed by the parties involved.



178    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2026

19. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)
  An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the
  date of products delivered to B2C customers or received by B2B customers, or services rendered
  to customers and net of impairment, is as follows:

                                                                                           2026                     2025
                                                                                        RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Within 3 months                                                                      1,191,617                  936,079
  4 to 12 months                                                                          27,292                   96,636
  Over 1 year                                                                             13,636                   14,361


  Total                                                                                1,232,545                1,047,076


  At March 31, 2026, the Group’s bills receivable would be mature within 6 months (2025: 6
  months).

  The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                           2026                     2025
                                                                                        RMB’000                  RMB’000

  At April 1                                                                               36,255                   33,687
  Impairment (note 6)                                                                         975                    6,207
  Amount written off as uncollectible                                                        (659)                  (3,639)


  At March 31                                                                              36,571                   36,255


  The increase in the loss allowance as at March 31, 2026 was mainly due to the increase in the
  loss allowance of RMB659,000 as a result of the increase in expected credit loss rate applied to
  those trade receivables aged from one to two years. The increase in the loss allowance as at
  March 31, 2025 was mainly due to the increase in the loss allowance of RMB3,125,000 as a
  result of the increase in gross amount of trade receivables aged less than two years.

  An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to
  measure expected credit losses. The provision rates are based on ageing for groupings of
  various customer segments with similar loss patterns. The calculation reflects the reasonable
  and supportable information that is available at the reporting date about past events, current
  conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   179
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

19. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)
      Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables
      using a provision matrix:

      As at March 31, 2026

                                                                                           Ageing
                                                                Within 12               13 to        Over
                                                                 months             24 months     2 years              Total


      Expected credit loss rate                                     0.33%                 12.18%        100.00%        2.88%
      Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)                           1,222,970                 15,528         30,618    1,269,116
      Expected credit losses (RMB’000)                              4,061                  1,892         30,618       36,571


      As at March 31, 2025

                                                                                               Ageing
                                                                 Within 12                  13 to           Over
                                                                  months                24 months        2 years       Total


      Expected credit loss rate                                      0.44%                  7.91%       100.00%        3.35%
      Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)                            1,037,270                 15,594        30,467    1,083,331
      Expected credit losses (RMB’000)                               4,555                  1,233        30,467       36,255


      Bills receivable are subject to impairment using the low credit risk simplification under the
      general approach. At each reporting date, the Group evaluates whether the bills receivable are
      considered to have low credit risk using all reasonable and supportable information that is
      available without undue cost or effort. In making that evaluation, the Group reassesses the
      credit ratings of the debt investments. The Group did not recognize any impairment loss on bills
      receivable as at March 31, 2026 (2025: Nil).




180    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           March 31, 2026

20. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS
                                                                                        2026                     2025
                                                                                     RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Current:
    Prepayments                                                                       607,653                  368,439
    Other receivables and other assets                                              1,199,791                1,038,798


                                                                                    1,807,444                1,407,237
  Impairment                                                                          (17,934)                 (17,934)


  Total                                                                             1,789,510                1,389,303


  Non-current:
   Other receivables and other assets                                                 134,771                    93,480


  Total                                                                             1,924,281                1,482,783


  Included in the Group’s other receivables was a dividend receivable from a joint venture at
  March 31, 2025 of RMB9,689,000.

  The movements in provision for impairment of other receivables during the year are as follows:

                                                                                        2026                     2025
                                                                                     RMB’000                  RMB’000

  At April 1                                                                            17,934                    6,760
  Impairment (note 6)                                                                        —                   11,174


  At March 31                                                                           17,934                   17,934


  The individually impaired other receivables of RMB17,934,000 (2025: RMB17,934,000) relate to
  debtors that were in default and the outstanding receivables are not expected to be recovered.

  Other than the impaired other receivables, the financial assets included in the above balances
  relate to receivables for which there was no recent history of default and past due amounts. As
  at March 31, 2026, their loss allowance is assessed to be minimal (2025: minimal).




                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   181
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

21. CASH AND BANK DEPOSITS, TIME DEPOSITS AND RESTRICTED
    CASH
                                                                                            2026          2025
                                                                                         RMB’000       RMB’000

      Cash and bank balances                                                             5,019,587    2,007,006
      Highly liquid time deposits                                                          414,510      211,290


      Cash and bank deposits                                                             5,434,097    2,218,296

      Time deposits not included in cash and cash equivalents:
        Short-term time deposits                                                         4,430,913    5,617,926
        Long-term time deposits                                                          3,348,955    4,152,413

      Restricted cash                                                                     318,792      303,243


      Cash and bank deposits, restricted cash and time deposits                         13,532,757   12,291,878


      At the end of the reporting period, the cash and bank balances and time deposits of the Group
      denominated in RMB placed in banks in Chinese mainland amounted to approximately
      RMB4,557,549,000 (2025: RMB4,891,137,000). The RMB is not freely convertible into other
      currencies, however, under Chinese mainland’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and
      Administration of Settlement and Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the
      Group is permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorized to conduct
      foreign exchange business.

      Cash at banks (including Alipay) earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit
      rates. Time deposits are categorized into (i) highly liquid time deposits of which the original
      maturity dates are within three months when acquired, (ii) short-term time deposits (including
      certificates of deposits with the original intention of holding them to collect contractual cash
      flows upon maturity) of which the original maturity dates are between four and twelve months
      when acquired, or the maturity dates are over one year when acquired but will become mature
      within twelve months from the end of the reporting period, and (iii) long-term time deposits
      (including certificates of deposits with the original intention of holding them to collect
      contractual cash flows upon maturity) of which the maturity dates are over one year when
      acquired. Highly liquid time deposits, and short-term deposits and long-term time deposits are
      made for three months, and periods ranging between four and twelve months, and/or periods
      ranging between one and three years, respectively, and earn interest at the respective time
      deposits rates. The bank balances are deposited with creditworthy banks with no recent history
      of default. As at March 31, 2026, the cash (including restricted cash) at Alipay amounted to
      RMB193,270,000 (2025: RMB323,389,000). Restricted cash mainly related to receipt in advance
      placed with escrow account and cash deposited in trust account for share repurchase purpose.




182    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2026

22. EQUITY INVESTMENTS DESIGNATED AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH
    OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                          2026                     2025
                                                                                       RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Listed equity investments, at fair value:
     Hangzhou Jiuyuan Gene Engineering Co., Ltd.                                                  —                     9,404


  Unlisted equity investment, at fair value:
    IK Healthcare Holdings Limited                                                       38,684                    88,184
    Vincentage Pharma Co., Ltd                                                          100,000                         —


  Total                                                                                 138,684                    97,588


  The above equity investments were irrevocably designated at FVOCI as the Group considers
  these investments to be strategic in nature.


23. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                          2026                     2025
                                                                                       RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Non-current:
   Unlisted equity investments, at fair value                                         1,974,932                1,622,162


  Current:
    Other unlisted investments, at fair value                                           300,414                  263,621


  Total                                                                               2,275,346                1,885,783


  The unlisted equity investments were classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or
  loss as the Group has not elected to recognize the fair value gain or loss through other
  comprehensive income.

  The other unlisted investments were structured deposits issued by banks in Chinese mainland.
  They were mandatorily classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss as their
  contractual cash flows are not solely payments of principal and interest.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report      183
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

24. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES
      An ageing analysis of the trade and bills payables as at the end of the reporting period, based
      on the date of products and services received by the Group or the date of bill issuance, is as
      follows:

                                                                                           2026        2025
                                                                                        RMB’000     RMB’000

      Within 3 months                                                                   2,405,438   2,671,256
      4 to 12 months                                                                      454,388     147,870
      Over 1 year                                                                         169,948      33,255


      Total                                                                             3,029,774   2,852,381


      The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on terms of 30 to 90
      days.

      Included in the Group’s trade payables are amounts due to subsidiaries of Alibaba Group
      (excluding the Group) of approximately RMB283,721,000 (2025: RMB495,487,000), which are
      repayable on credit terms mutually agreed by the parties involved.


25. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                                           2026        2025
                                                                                        RMB’000     RMB’000

      Other payables                                                                     791,278     832,827
      Accruals                                                                           268,295     215,076


      Total                                                                             1,059,573   1,047,903


      Other payables are non-interest-bearing and have an average term of three months.

      Included in the Group’s other payables are management fee received in advance from a joint
      venture of RMB1,305,000 (2025: RMB334,000).




184    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                          March 31, 2026

26. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
   Details of contract liabilities are as follows:

                                                                                            2026                     2025                         2024
                                                                                         RMB’000                  RMB’000                      RMB’000

   Pharmaceutical direct sales business                                                   522,932                  476,275                     250,609
   Healthcare and digital services business                                               329,548                  218,820                     304,074


   Total                                                                                  852,480                  695,095                     554,683


   The increase in contract liabilities as at March 31, 2026 was mainly due to the increasing scale
   of healthcare and digital services business. The increase in contract liabilities as at March 31,
   2025 was mainly due to the increasing scale of pharmaceutical direct sales business.


27. DEFERRED TAX
   The movements in gross deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year are as follows:

   March 31, 2026

                                                                Fair value adjustments
                                                                     attributable to
                                                                                                        Equity
                                                                                                   accounting
                                                      Loss                                       and deemed
                                             available for                                                 cost
                                                offsetting                                     adjustments of
                                                  against     Investments                         investments
                                                    future   at fair value                           in a joint
                                                  taxable         through     Acquisition of     venture and          Lease     Right-of-use
                                                   profits   profit or loss     subsidiaries        associates    liabilities         assets         Total
                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000


   Gross deferred tax assets/(liabilities)
      at April 1, 2025                             70,629         (12,462)          (68,746)           (37,120)       8,868          (8,497)       (47,328)
   Deferred tax credited/(charged) to:
      the statement of profit or loss
          (note 9)                                (50,301)        (21,857)            4,187            23,270         6,071          (6,710)       (45,340)
      the statement of changes in equity                —               —                 —               315             —               —            315


   Gross deferred tax assets/(liabilities)
      at March 31, 2026                            20,328         (34,319)          (64,559)           (13,535)     14,939          (15,207)       (92,353)




                                                             ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report           185
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

27. DEFERRED TAX (CONTINUED)
      March 31, 2025

                                                                   Fair value adjustments
                                                                        attributable to
                                                                                                         Equity
                                                                                                    accounting
                                                         Loss                                     and deemed
                                                available for                                               cost
                                                   offsetting                                      adjustments
                                                     against     Investments                    of investments
                                                       future   at fair value                         in a joint
                                                     taxable         through     Acquisition of    venture and         Lease     Right-of-use     Investments
                                                      profits   profit or loss     subsidiaries      associates    liabilities         assets    in subleases          Total
                                                    RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000


      Gross deferred tax assets/(liabilities)
         at April 1, 2024                            190,928           (6,661)         (72,933)        (171,625)     20,525          (17,006)          (2,657)       (59,429)
      Deferred tax credited/(charged) to:
         the statement of profit or loss
             (note 9 )                              (120,299)          (5,801)           4,187          132,979     (11,657)           8,509           2,657         10,575
         the statement of comprehensive
             income                                        —                —                —               71             —              —               —             71
         the statement of changes
             in equity                                     —                —                —            1,455             —              —               —           1,455


      Gross deferred tax assets/(liabilities)
         at March 31, 2025                            70,629          (12,462)         (68,746)         (37,120)       8,868           (8,497)             —         (47,328)


      For presentation purposes, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset in the
      statement of financial position. The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balances of the
      Group for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                                                                    2026                           2025
                                                                                                                                 RMB’000                        RMB’000

      Net deferred tax assets recognized in the consolidated
       statement of financial position                                                                                             20,733                        50,821
      Net deferred tax liabilities recognized in the consolidated
       statement of financial position                                                                                           (113,086)                       (98,149)


      Net deferred tax liabilities                                                                                                (92,353)                       (47,328)




186      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            March 31, 2026

27. DEFERRED TAX (CONTINUED)
  Deferred tax assets have not been recognized in respect of the following items:

                                                                                         2026                     2025
                                                                                      RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Tax losses                                                                           575,622                  692,786
  Deductible temporary differences                                                   1,233,323                  709,167


  Total                                                                              1,808,945                1,401,953


  The Group has unrecognized tax losses arising in Hong Kong of approximately RMB71,723,000
  (2025: RMB80,266,000), subject to agreement by the Hong Kong Inland Revenue Department,
  that are available indefinitely for offsetting against future taxable profits of the companies in
  which the losses arose. The Group also has unrecognized tax losses arising in Chinese
  mainland of RMB503,899,000 (2025: RMB612,520,000) that will expire in one to ten years for
  offsetting against future taxable profits.

  Deferred tax assets have not been recognized in respect of these losses and other deductible
  temporary differences as they have arisen in subsidiaries that either have been loss-making for
  some time or turned a profit in recent years, and it is not considered probable that taxable
  profits will be available against which the tax losses can be utilized.

  The Group is liable to withholding taxes on dividends distributed by its subsidiaries, joint
  venture and associates established in Chinese mainland in respect of earnings generated from
  January 1, 2008. The applicable rate is 10% for the Group.

  At March 31, 2026, no deferred tax has been recognized for withholding taxes that would be
  payable on the unremitted earnings that are subject to withholding taxes of the Group’s
  subsidiaries, a joint venture and associates established in Chinese mainland. In the opinion of
  the directors, it is not probable that these subsidiaries will distribute such earnings in the
  foreseeable future. The aggregate amount of temporary differences associated with investments
  in subsidiaries in Chinese mainland for which deferred tax liabilities have not been recognized
  totalled approximately RMB3,563,075,000 at March 31, 2026 (2025: RMB2,244,006,000). At March
  31, 2026, there were unremitted earnings shared by the Group of approximately
  RMB172,186,000 (2025: RMB186,492,000) from the Group’s joint venture and associates
  established in Chinese mainland in respect of earnings generated from January 1, 2008.

  There are no income tax consequences attaching to the payment of dividends by the Company
  to its shareholders.




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   187
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

28. SHARE CAPITAL
      Shares

                                                                                                               2026                   2025
                                                                                                            HK$’000                HK$’000

      Authorized:
        20,000,000,000 (2025: 20,000,000,000) ordinary shares of
          HK$0.01 each                                                                                       200,000               200,000


                                                                                                              2026                    2025
                                                                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000

      Issued and fully-paid:
         16,175,300,965 (2025: 16,092,851,240) ordinary shares of
           HK$0.01 each                                                                                      143,546               142,790


      A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:

                                                   Number of             Share             Share      Number of        Treasury
                                               shares in issue          capital          premium treasury shares        shares          Total
                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000                       RMB’000        RMB’000


      At April 1, 2024                         16,091,736,264          142,780       51,374,724       35,362,572       (101,946)     51,415,558
      Repurchase of shares (note a)                         —                —                 —      12,697,000        (39,931)        (39,931)
      Vested awarded shares transferred to
         employees (note c)                                 —                —            134,885     (30,714,860)       89,277        224,162
      Share options exercised (note d)              1,114,976               10              6,783              —             —            6,793


      At March 31 and April 1, 2025            16,092,851,240          142,790      51,516,392        17,344,712        (52,600)    51,606,582
      Repurchase of shares (note a)
      Issue of shares for restricted share
         units (note b)                            80,000,000              734                 —      80,000,000          (734)              —
      Vested awarded shares transferred to
         employees (note c)                                 —                —           154,707     (48,469,509)       44,803         199,510
      Share options exercised (note d)              2,449,725               22             15,767              —             —          15,789


      At March 31, 2026                        16,175,300,965          143,546      51,686,866        48,875,203         (8,531)    51,821,881




188     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                       March 31, 2026

28. SHARE CAPITAL (CONTINUED)
  Shares (Continued)

  Notes:

  a.       During the year ended March 31, 2026, there was no shares were repurchased for RSUs to be vested for
           non-connected persons and connected persons(2025: 12,697,000 shares of HK$0.01 each were repurchased for
           RSUs to be vested for non-connected persons and connected persons).


  b.       During the year ended March 31, 2026, 80,000,000 (2025: Nil) shares of HK$0.01 each were issued for RSUs to be
           vested for non-connected persons and connected persons.


  c.       Upon vesting of RSUs for the year ended March 31, 2026, 45,109,737 (2025: 29,477,442) treasury shares were
           transferred to non-connected persons and 3,359,772 (2025: 1,237,418) treasury shares were transferred to
           connected persons, respectively.


  d.       The subscription rights attaching to 2,449,725 (2025: 1,114,976) share options were exercised at the subscription
           price of HK$4.83 (2025: HK$4.41) per share (note 29), resulting in the issue of 2,449,725 (2025: 1,114,976) shares
           for a total cash consideration, before expenses, of RMB10,756,000 (2025: 4,587,000). An amount of RMB5,033,000
           (2025: 2,206,000) was transferred from the share option reserve to share premium upon the exercise of the share
           options.


  Share options

  Details of the Company’s share option scheme and the share options issued under the scheme
  are included in note 29 to the financial statements.


29. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS
  Share award scheme

  The Company adopted 2014 Share Award Scheme on November 24, 2014 for the purpose of
  providing incentives and rewards to eligible participants for their contributions to the Group.
  The 2014 Share Award Scheme was amended on August 11, 2023, and later terminated on
  August 30, 2024. Upon the termination of the 2014 Share Award Scheme, no further share
  awards may be offered or granted but in all other respects the terms of the 2014 Share Award
  Scheme shall remain in full force and effect. Further, the outstanding options and RSUs granted
  pursuant to the 2014 Share Award Scheme, which remain unvested or which have vested but
  not yet been exercised or in respect of which shares not yet issued to the participants at the
  time of its termination, shall remain in full force and effect.




                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   189
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

29. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS (CONTINUED)
      Share award scheme (Continued)

      The Company adopted 2024 Share Award Scheme on August 30, 2024 (the “2024 Adoption
      Date”). Eligible participants of the 2024 Share Award Scheme include the directors and
      employees of the Group, directors and employees of the holding companies, fellow subsidiaries
      or associated companies of the Company, and service providers to the Group on a continuing
      or recurring basis in its ordinary and usual course of business. The 2024 Share Award Scheme,
      unless otherwise cancelled or amended, shall remain in force for 10 years from the 2024
      Adoption Date.

      Pursuant to the 2024 Share Award Scheme, the scheme mandate limit shall be (a) 10% of the
      shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) as at the 2024 Adoption Date or (b) 10% of the
      shares in issue (excluding treasury Shares) as at the most recent new approval date; and on a
      yearly basis, shall be (a) 1% of the shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) as at the 2024
      Adoption Date or (b) 1% of the shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) as at the most recent
      new approval date. The total number of shares that may be issued (and, together with treasury
      shares that may be transferred, as applicable) in respect of which share awards may be
      granted to service providers within the aforementioned scheme mandate limit pursuant to the
      2024 Share Award Scheme and any other share schemes of the Company are (a) 1% of the
      shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) as at the 2024 adoption date or (b) 1% of the shares
      in issue (excluding treasury shares) as at the most recent new approval date.

      The maximum number of shares issuable to each eligible participant in the 2024 Share Award
      Scheme within any 12-month period is limited to 1% of the shares of the Company in issue
      (excluding treasury shares) at any time. Any further grant of share awards in excess of this limit
      is subject to shareholders’ approval in advance in a general meeting.

      Share awards granted to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company,
      or to any of their associates, are subject to approval in advance by the independent
      non-executive directors. In addition, any share awards granted to a substantial shareholder or
      an independent non-executive director of the Company, or to any of their associates, in excess
      of 0.1% of the shares of the Company in issue (excluding treasury shares) at any time, are
      subject to shareholders’ approval in a general meeting.

      The offer of a grant of share awards may be accepted within the period specified in the notice
      of grant and HK$1 may be required, in the Company’s discretion, as a consideration for the
      grant of share awards. The exercise price of share options is determinable by the directors, but
      may not be less than the higher of (i) the Stock Exchange closing price of the Company’s
      shares on the date of offer of the share options; (ii) the average Stock Exchange closing price
      of the Company’s shares for the five trading days immediately preceding the date of offer; and
      (iii) the nominal value of the Company’s shares.

      The share awards do not confer rights on the holders to dividends or to vote at shareholders’
      meetings.


190    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2026

29. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS (CONTINUED)
  Share award scheme (Continued)

  Movements in the number of share options and RSUs granted under the Group’s share award
  schemes during the year and their related weighted average fair values are as follows:

                                                            Weighted
                                                              average
                                                        exercise price                                       Number of
                                                             of share              Number of                   restricted
                                                               options          share options                share units
                                                        HK$ per share                    ’000                        ’000

  Outstanding at April 1, 2024                                         8.29                 26,463                101,217
  Granted during the year                                              3.72                  3,701                 81,433
  Forfeited or lapsed during the year                                  5.38                 (7,047)               (26,649)
  Exercised or vested during the year                                  4.41                 (1,115)               (30,676)


  Outstanding at March 31 and April 1, 2025                           8.65                 22,002                 125,325
  Granted during the year                                             4.62                  1,701                  53,029
  Forfeited or lapsed during the year                                 4.61                 (2,352)                (13,537)
  Exercised or vested during the year                                 4.83                 (2,450)                (48,469)


  Outstanding at March 31, 2026                                       9.29                 18,901                 116,348


  The weighted average share price at the date of exercise for share options exercised during the
  year was HK$6.06 per share (2025: HK$5.74).




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   191
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

29. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS (CONTINUED)
      Share award scheme (Continued)

      The exercise prices and exercise periods of the share options outstanding as at the end of the
      reporting period are as follows:

                                                                                            2026        2025
                                                                                        Number of   Number of
      Exercise period                                              Exercise price         options     options
                                                                   HK$ per share             ’000        ’000

      7/9/2015               to        6/9/2025                                 5.184           —         483
      28/4/2016              to        27/4/2026                                 5.32          76         132
      29/7/2016              to        28/7/2026                                5.558         504         815
      2/2/2017               to        1/2/2027                                 3.626           —          72
      3/8/2017               to        2/8/2027                                 3.686         342         417
      10/10/2017             to        9/10/2027                                  4.4           —          70
      1/2/2018               to        31/1/2028                                4.144           —           —
      15/6/2020              to        14/6/2030                                19.94       4,272       4,272
      15/9/2020              to        14/9/2030                                18.86         120         119
      15/6/2021              to        14/6/2031                                18.21       1,495       1,495
      15/3/2022              to        14/3/2032                                 4.24           —         563
      15/6/2022              to        14/6/2032                                 4.92       3,510       4,663
      15/6/2023              to        14/6/2033                                 5.16       3,863       5,044
      15/9/2023              to        14/9/2033                                 4.68           —           —
      15/12/2023             to        14/12/2033                                4.38         104         156
      15/6/2024              to        14/6/2034                                 3.72       2,914       3,701
      15/6/2025              to        14/6/2035                                4.624       1,701           —


                                                                                           18,901      22,002


      The number of the share options exercisable at March 31, 2026 was 15,834,000 (2025:
      11,207,000) with the weighted average exercise price of HK$10.53 per share (2025: HK$11.99
      per share).

      The exercise price of RSUs is nil.

      As at March 31, 2026, the remaining vesting periods for the share options and RSUs granted
      range from 2.5 to 51.25 months (2025: 2.5 to 62.5 months).

      The weighted average remaining contractual life of the share options outstanding as at March
      31, 2026 was 6.11 years (2025: 6.78 years).




192    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2026

29. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS (CONTINUED)
  Share award scheme (Continued)

  The fair value of the share options granted during the year was RMB3,613,000 (HK$2.32 each)
  (2025: RMB6,441,000 (HK$1.87 each)), of which the Group recognized a share option expense of
  RMB1,333,000 (2025: RMB1,764,000) during the year ended March 31, 2026. During the year
  ended March 31, 2026, the Group also recognized a share option expense of RMB7,566,000
  (2025: RMB9,947,000) in respect of share options granted in prior years.

  The fair value of the RSUs granted during the year was RMB227,554,000 (HK$4.71 each) (2025:
  RMB180,677,000 (HK$3.49 each)), of which the Group recognized a RSU expense of
  RMB75,930,000 (2025: RMB81,286,000) during the year ended March 31, 2026. During the year
  ended March 31, 2026, the Group also recognized a RSU expense of RMB90,510,000 (2025:
  RMB103,569,000) in respect of RSUs granted in prior years.

  The fair value of share options granted during the year was estimated as at the date of grant
  using a binomial model, taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the share
  options were granted. The following table lists the inputs to the model used:

                                                                                 Share options granted in
                                                                                           2026                          2025


  Fair value of the Company’s shares as at the grant date                              HK$4.6                      HK$3.5
  Expected volatility (%)                                                                  62                          63
  Expected dividend (%)                                                                     —                           —
  Exercise multiple                                                                       2.5                         2.5
  Exercise price                                                                      HK$4.62                     HK$3.72
  Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                            2.81                        3.52
  Life of options (year)                                                                   10                          10
  Forfeiture rate (%)                                                                      25                          25


  The expected volatility reflects the assumption that the historical volatility is indicative of future
  trends, which may also not necessarily be the actual outcome. The exercise multiple reflects the
  ratio of the stock price over the exercise price, and the likelihood of early exercise increases
  when the stock price is over a certain multiple of the exercise price. The forfeiture rate reflects
  the probability that the grantees will leave after the vesting period.

  The fair value of the RSUs granted during the year was determined based on the market value
  of the Company’s shares at the respective grant dates.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report     193
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

29. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS (CONTINUED)
      Share award scheme (Continued)

      The fair value of share options and/or RSUs granted by Alibaba Group to employees
      transferred from other entities of Alibaba Group to the Group were measured with reference to
      the fair value of these share options and/or RSUs at the original grant date. The Group
      reversed share-based compensation expenses of RMB13,215,000 for awards under Alibaba
      Group’s share award scheme for the year ended March 31, 2026 due to the resignation of
      relevant employees (2025: RMB27,969,000 expense recognized).

      Total share-based compensation expenses recorded by the Group under the Group’s share
      award schemes and Alibaba Group’s share award scheme are as follows:

                                                                                           2026      2025
                                                                                        RMB’000   RMB’000

      Cost of sales                                                                      10,100     9,804
      Fulfilment                                                                         24,289    29,001
      Selling and marketing expenses                                                     17,152    18,801
      Administrative expenses                                                            18,209    76,651
      Product development expenses                                                       92,374    90,278


      Total                                                                             162,124   224,535


      At the end of the reporting period, the Company had approximately 18,901,000 share options
      and 116,348,000 RSUs outstanding under the share award schemes, which represented
      approximately 0.84% of the Company’s shares in issue as at that date. The exercise in full of the
      outstanding share options and RSUs, under the present capital structure of the Company, would
      result in the issue of approximately 18,901,000 additional ordinary shares of the Company and
      additional share capital of HK$189,010 (equivalent to approximately RMB172,000) (before issue
      expenses), the purchase of 67,473,000 existing shares from the market and the release of
      48,875,000 shares from treasury shares.

      At the date of approval of these financial statements, the Company had approximately
      18,901,000 share options and 116,348,000 RSUs outstanding under the share award schemes,
      which represented approximately 0.84% of the Company’s shares in issue as at that date.




194    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            March 31, 2026

30. RESERVES
  The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years
  are presented in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 113 to page 114 of
  the financial statements.

  Merger reserve

  The merger reserve represents the differences between the fair value of consideration shares
  issued by the Company and the carrying amount of the net assets of the target company at the
  acquisition date pursuant to the business combination under common control of the Group that
  took place in prior years.

  Other reserves

  Other reserves mainly consist of PRC statutory reserves and contributed surplus. Under the
  relevant PRC laws and regulations, PRC companies are required to allocate 10% of their net
  profit to the fund until such fund reaches 50% of their registered capital. The statutory reserve
  fund can be utilized, upon approval by the relevant authorities, to offset against accumulated
  losses or to increase registered capital of the companies, provided that such fund is maintained
  at a minimum of 25% of the companies’ registered capital. Contributed surplus represents the
  difference between the nominal value of the Company’s shares issued in exchange for the
  issued share capital of the subsidiaries and the net asset value of the subsidiaries acquired,
  and the surplus arising from the reduction of share capital.


31. DISPOSAL OF A BUSINESS
  On May 5, 2025, three subsidiaries of the Group (the “Vendors”) and Ant Yikang (Guangzhou)
  Information Technology Co., Ltd. (the “Buyer”), a subsidiary of Alibaba Group, entered into a
  business transfer agreement pursuant to which the Vendors agreed to dispose of the Group’s
  medical-related registration, payment and enquiry services (the “Business”) to the Buyer at a
  cash consideration of RMB10,110,000, all of which has been settled during the period. As at the
  date of disposal, there were neither assets nor liabilities directly attributable to the Business.
  Accordingly, the Group recorded a disposal gain of RMB9,538,000, being the consideration net
  of the corresponding value-added tax.




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   195
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

32. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
      (a) Major non-cash transactions

      During the year, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of
      RMB55,352,000 (2025: RMB13,476,000) and RMB55,352,000 (2025: RMB13,476,000), respectively,
      in respect of lease arrangements for buildings.

      (b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                                           Lease liabilities
                                                                                            2026                  2025
                                                                                         RMB’000               RMB’000

            Carrying amount at April 1                                                     35,515                82,170
            Changes from financing cash flows                                             (24,978)              (38,094)
            New leases                                                                     55,352                13,476
            Revision of lease terms arising from changes in the
              non-cancellable periods of leases                                            (6,134)              (22,037)
            Interest expense                                                                1,402                 2,609
            Interest paid classified as operating cash flows                               (1,402)               (2,609)


            Carrying amount at March 31                                                   59,755                35,515


      (c)   Total cash outflow for leases

            The total cash outflow for leases included in the statement of cash flows is as follows:

                                                                                             2026                 2025
                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000

            Within operating activities                                                      2,856               4,740
            Within financing activities                                                     24,978              38,094


            Total                                                                           27,834              42,834




196     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2026

33. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
  (I)   Transactions with related parties

                                                                                            2026                     2025
                                                                                         RMB’000                  RMB’000

        Ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries:
          Share-based compensation expenses attributable to
             connected persons^                                                            (17,791)                 (31,026)
          Share-based compensation expenses attributable to
             share awards granted by Alibaba Holding                                        13,215                  (27,969)
          Reimbursement amount of the Group’s share awards
             from Alibaba Holding                                                            6,950                   15,679

        Fellow subsidiaries:
          Marketing services received from Hangzhou Alimama,
             its subsidiaries and affiliates                                          (3,187,589)               (2,287,280)
          Shared services received from Alibaba Group                                   (532,664)                 (276,536)
          Platform services received from Alibaba Group                                 (806,440)                 (619,523)
          Cloud computing services received from Alibaba
             Cloud Computing Ltd.                                                        (132,985)                (134,636)
          Logistics and warehouse services received from
             Hangzhou Cainiao Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd.,
             its subsidiaries and affiliates                                             (133,072)                (125,718)
          Technical services received from Taobao China
             Holding Limited, its subsidiaries and affiliates
             (“Taobao China Companies”) and Tmall Entities                            (1,078,224)               (1,093,075)
          Outsourced and value-added services provided to
             Tmall Entities                                                                76,624                  104,348
          Tracking related services provided to Taobao Holding                              1,833                    1,951
          Shared services provided to Alibaba Group                                           895                       11
          Software services provided to Taobao China Companies                            168,507                  116,854
          Business sourcing and promotion services provided to
             Koubei (Shanghai) Information Technology Co., Ltd.                                     3                    2,472
          Marketing materials review services and value-added
             services provided to Hangzhou Alimama                                     1,729,211                 1,515,270

        Associate of the ultimate holding company:
          Payment services received from Alipay and its affiliates                         (14,693)                 (41,297)
          Information display service provided by Ant Yikang
             (Guangzhou) Information Technology Co., Ltd.                                           1                (1,749)
          Registration service provided to Ant Yikang
             (Guangzhou) Information Technology Co., Ltd.                                          —                     2,894
          Software services received from Ant Blockchain
             Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                                                (1,801)                  (2,303)

        Joint ventures:
           Management fee                                                                   11,475                   12,193




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report      197
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

33. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      (I)   Transactions with related parties (Continued)

            ^       On June 14, 2024, a total of 3,700,700 share options are granted to two connected grantees, of which
                    1,741,500 share options are granted to Mr. Zhu Shunyan (Chairman) and 1,959,200 share options are
                    granted to Mr. Shen Difan (Chief Executive Officer).


                    On June 14, 2024, a total of 4,319,000 RSUs are granted to six connected grantees, of which 696,600 RSUs
                    are granted to Mr. Zhu Shunyan (Chairman), 783,700 RSUs are granted to Mr. Shen Difan (Chief Executive
                    Officer), 696,600 RSUs are granted to Mr. Tu Yanwu, and the remaining RSUs are granted to three directors
                    of subsidiaries of the Company.


                    On June 13, 2025, a total of 1,701,000 share options are granted to one connected grantee, Mr. Shen Difan
                    (Chief Executive Officer).


                    On June 13, 2025, a total of 3,259,100 RSUs are granted to ten connected grantees, of which 680,400 RSUs
                    are granted to Mr. Shen Difan (Chief Executive Officer), 453,600 RSUs are granted to Mr. Tu Yanwu (an
                    Executive Director), and the remaining RSUs are granted to eight directors of subsidiaries of the Company.


            All these transactions were carried out in accordance with the terms and conditions
            mutually agreed by the parties involved.




198     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2026

33. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
  (II)   Outstanding balances with related parties:

         In addition to the outstanding balances detailed in notes 19, 20, 24 and 25 to the financial
         statements, the balances with related parties as at the end of the reporting period are
         listed below:

                                                                                           2026                     2025
                                                                                        RMB’000                  RMB’000

         Alibaba Holding and its subsidiaries (excluding the
           Group):
           Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                               222,464                  362,105
           Other payables and accruals                                                   141,048                  179,211


         Associate of the ultimate holding company:
           Trade receivables                                                                 1,392                       156
           Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                      90                       733


         The balances with fellow subsidiaries are unsecured, interest-free, and have no fixed terms
         of repayment.

  (III) Compensation of key management personnel of the Group

                                                                                           2026                     2025
                                                                                        RMB’000                  RMB’000

         Short-term employee benefits                                                      23,304                   22,510
         Discretionary performance related bonuses                                         14,347                   12,128
         Share-based compensation expenses                                                 24,128                   64,522
         Pension scheme contributions                                                         983                      918


         Total compensation of key management personnel                                    62,762                 100,078


         Further details of directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments are included in note 7 to the
         financial statements.

         The transactions in respect of item (I) above also constitute connected transactions or
         continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report    199
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY
      The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the
      reporting period are as follows:

      2026

      Financial assets

                                                          Financial assets
                                                              at fair value
                                                            through profit        Financial assets
                                                                  or loss —           at fair value
                                                               designated           through other
                                                                   as such         comprehensive           Financial
                                                               upon initial      income — equity           assets at
                                                               recognition            investments     amortized cost            Total
                                                                  RMB’000                 RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000


      Equity investments designated at fair value
          through other comprehensive income                               —              138,684                 —          138,684
      Financial investments at fair value through
          profit or loss                                          2,275,346                      —                —         2,275,346
      Trade receivables                                                   —                      —        1,232,545         1,232,545
      Bills receivable                                                    —                      —           33,345            33,345
      Financial assets included in prepayments,
          other receivables and other assets                               —                     —        1,095,757         1,095,757
      Long-term time deposits                                              —                     —        3,348,955         3,348,955
      Short-term time deposits                                             —                     —        4,430,913         4,430,913
      Restricted cash                                                      —                     —          318,792           318,792
      Cash and bank deposits                                               —                     —        5,434,097         5,434,097


      Total                                                       2,275,346               138,684        15,894,404        18,308,434


      Financial liabilities

                                                                                                                          Financial
                                                                                                                       liabilities at
                                                                                                                         amortized
                                                                                                                                 cost
                                                                                                                          RMB’000

      Trade and bills payables                                                                                           3,029,774
      Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                                                        513,290
      Lease liabilities                                                                                                     59,755

      Total                                                                                                              3,602,819



200     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                      March 31, 2026

34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (CONTINUED)
  2025

  Financial assets

                                                 Financial assets
                                                     at fair value
                                                   through profit       Financial assets
                                                         or loss —          at fair value
                                                      designated          through other
                                                          as such        comprehensive               Financial
                                                      upon initial     income — equity               assets at
                                                      recognition            investment         amortized cost                 Total
                                                         RMB’000                RMB’000               RMB’000               RMB’000


  Equity investments designated at fair value
     through other comprehensive income                          —                97,588                       —                 97,588
  Financial investments at fair value
     through profit or loss                           1,885,783                         —                   —            1,885,783
  Trade receivables                                           —                         —           1,047,076            1,047,076
  Bills receivable                                            —                         —               5,447                5,447
  Financial assets included in
     prepayments, other receivables and
     other assets                                                —                      —             976,928              976,928
  Long-term time deposits                                        —                      —           4,152,413            4,152,413
  Short-term time deposits                                       —                      —           5,617,926            5,617,926
  Restricted cash                                                —                      —             303,243              303,243
  Cash and bank deposits                                         —                      —           2,218,296            2,218,296


  Total                                               1,885,783                  97,588           14,321,329            16,304,700


  Financial liabilities

                                                                                                                        Financial
                                                                                                                     liabilities at
                                                                                                                       amortized
                                                                                                                               cost
                                                                                                                        RMB’000

  Trade and bills payables                                                                                              2,852,381
  Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                                                           526,508
  Lease liabilities                                                                                                        35,515

  Total                                                                                                                 3,414,404




                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report       201
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

35. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS
      The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s financial instruments, other than those with
      carrying amounts that reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:

                                                                     Carrying amount                     Fair value
                                                                     2026                  2025        2026          2025
                                                                  RMB’000               RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000

      Financial assets

      Financial assets at fair value through
        profit or loss                                          2,275,346               1,885,783   2,275,346    1,885,783
      Equity investments designated at
        fair value through other
        comprehensive income                                      138,684                  97,588     138,684       97,588
      Long-term time deposits                                   3,348,955               4,152,413   3,462,235    4,204,161
      Other receivables and other assets,
        non-current portion                                        134,771                93,480     127,577          90,756


      Total                                                     5,897,756               6,229,264   6,003,842    6,278,288


      Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and bank deposits, short-term time
      deposits, restricted cash, trade and bills receivables, current portion of financial assets included
      in prepayments, other receivables and other assets, trade and bills payables and current
      portion of financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals, approximate to their
      carrying amounts largely due to the short term maturities of these instruments.

      The Group’s finance department headed by the finance manager is responsible for determining
      the policies and procedures for the fair value measurement of financial instruments. The finance
      manager reports directly to the chief financial officer and the audit committee. At each
      reporting date, the finance department analyzes the movements in the values of financial
      instruments and determines the major inputs applied in the valuation. The valuation is reviewed
      and approved by the chief financial officer. The valuation process and results are discussed
      with the audit committee twice a year for interim and annual financial reporting.




202    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            March 31, 2026

35. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
  The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the
  instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a
  forced or liquidation sale. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the
  fair values:

  The Group’s financial assets at fair value through profit or loss comprise structured deposits and
  listed and unlisted equity investments. The fair values of structured deposits included in
  financial assets at fair value through profit or loss have been calculated using a Monte Carlo
  simulation model to generate the key input values which are used to determine the returns of
  structured deposits, and then a discounted cash flow valuation model based on the average
  key input values and market interest rates of instruments with similar terms and risks. The fair
  values of listed equity investments at fair value through profit or loss are based on quoted
  market prices. The fair values of unlisted equity investments at fair value through profit or loss
  and designated at fair value through other comprehensive income have been estimated using
  market-based valuation techniques or backsolve model. The key assumptions applied in the
  calculation are (i) valuation multiples of the comparable public companies (peers) and
  discounts for lack of marketability (“DLOM”), or (ii) recent transaction prices, together with an
  option pricing model for the equity allocation purpose. Comparable companies are actively
  traded in stock market and the multiples are publicly available. Also, to adjust the fair value
  difference between a publicly traded company and a private company, an independent valuer
  has applied an option pricing model to estimate the DLOM. The directors believe that the
  estimated fair values resulting from the valuation techniques, which are recorded in the
  consolidated statement of financial position, and the related changes in fair values, which are
  recorded in profit or loss or other comprehensive income, are reasonable.

  The fair values of long-term time deposits and non-current portion of other receivables and
  other assets have been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows using rates
  currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities.




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   203
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

35. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      Below is a summary of significant unobservable inputs to the valuation of unlisted equity
      investments together with a quantitative sensitivity analysis as at March 31, 2026 and 2025:

                             Significant
      Valuation technique    unobservable inputs         Values                     Sensitivity of fair value to the input


      Valuation multiples    Median or quartile 1 P/S 0.58, 0.98, 7.25, 7.25        1% (2025: 1%) increase in multiple would result in increase in
                               multiple of peers         and 11.18                    fair value by RMB2,974,000, RMB543,000, RMB386,000,
                                                         (2025: 1.18, 2.09,           RMB1,152,000 and RMB4,394,000, respectively (2025:
                                                         10.77, 7.23 and nil)         RMB7,350,000, RMB882,000, RMB882,000, RMB1,002,000
                                                                                      and nil, respectively). 1% (2025: 1%) decrease in multiple
                                                                                      would result in decrease in fair value by RMB3,222,000,
                                                                                      RMB545,000, RMB386,000, RMB1,158,000 and
                                                                                      RMB4,338,000, respectively (2025: RMB7,350,000,
                                                                                      RMB882,000, RMB883,000, RMB1,011,000 and nil,
                                                                                      respectively).

                             Discount for lack of        32%, 37%, 15%, 22%         1% (2025: 1%) increase in discount would result in decrease
                                marketability              and 23%                    in fair value by RMB1,487,000, RMB227,000, RMB98,000,
                                                           (2025: 25%, 38%,           RMB321,000 and RMB1,123,000, respectively (2025:
                                                           20%, 14% and nil)          RMB2,450,000, RMB540,000, RMB220,000, RMB156,000 and
                                                                                      nil, respectively). 1% decrease in discount would result in
                                                                                      increase in fair value by RMB1,487,000, RMB227,000,
                                                                                      RMB98,000 and RMB321,000 and RMB1,123,000,
                                                                                      respectively (2025: RMB2,450,000, RMB540,000,
                                                                                      RMB220,000 and RMB156,000 and nil, respectively).

      Backsolve method       Recent transaction price    RMB512,000.00,             1% (2025: 1%) increase in recent transaction price would
                                per share                  RMB17.17, RMB512.45        result in increase in fair value by RMB1,402,000,
                                                           and nil (2025: nil, nil,   RMB400,000, RMB1,000,000 and nil, respectively (2025: nil,
                                                           nil and RMB18.50)          nil, nil and RMB6,786,000, respectively). 1% (2025: 1%)
                                                                                      decrease in recent transaction price would result in
                                                                                      decrease in fair value by RMB1,402,000, RMB400,000 and
                                                                                      RMB1,000,000 and nil, respectively (2025: nil, nil, nil and
                                                                                      RMB6,871,000, respectively).

                             Risk-free rate              3.71%, nil, nil and nil     1% (2025: 1%) increase in risk-free rate would result in
                                                            (2025: nil, nil, nil and   decrease in fair value by RMB2,235,000, nil, nil and nil,
                                                            4.13%)                     respectively (2025: nil, nil, nil and RMB1,699,000,
                                                                                       respectively). 1% (2025: 1%) decrease in risk-free rate
                                                                                       would result in increase in fair value by RMB3,741,000, nil,
                                                                                       nil and nil, respectively (2025: nil, nil, nil and
                                                                                       RMB1,700,000, respectively).


      The discount for lack of marketability represents the amounts of premiums and discounts
      determined by the Group that market participants would take into account when pricing the
      investments.




204     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                 March 31, 2026

35. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
  Fair value hierarchy

  The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial
  instruments:

  Assets measured at fair value:

  As at March 31, 2026

                                                        Fair value measurement using
                                             Quoted prices             Significant  Significant
                                                  in active            observable unobservable
                                                   markets                  inputs       inputs
                                                 (Level 1)               (Level 2)    (Level 3)                         Total
                                                 RMB’000                 RMB’000      RMB’000                        RMB’000

  Equity investments designated at fair
     value through other comprehensive
     income                                                    —                    —            138,684              138,684
  Financial assets at fair value through
     profit or loss                                            —           300,414            1,974,932             2,275,346


  Total                                                        —           300,414            2,113,616             2,414,030


  As at March 31, 2025

                                                          Fair value measurement using
                                              Quoted prices            Significant          Significant
                                                   in active           observable         unobservable
                                                    markets                 inputs               inputs
                                                   (Level 1)             (Level 2)            (Level 3)                  Total
                                                   RMB’000               RMB’000              RMB’000                 RMB’000

  Equity investments designated at fair
     value through other comprehensive
     income                                              9,404                      —              88,184               97,588
  Financial assets at fair value through
     profit or loss                                            —            263,621            1,622,162            1,885,783


  Total                                                  9,404              263,621            1,710,346            1,983,371




                                           ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   205
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

35. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

      The movements in fair value measurements within Level 3 during the year are as follows:

                                                                                           2026         2025
                                                                                        RMB’000      RMB’000

      Equity investments at fair value though other
        comprehensive income
      At April 1                                                                          88,184      101,659
      Purchase                                                                           100,000            —
      Total losses recognized in other comprehensive income                              (46,594)     (13,914)
      Exchange realignment                                                                (2,906)         439


      At March 31                                                                        138,684       88,184


                                                                                           2026         2025
                                                                                        RMB’000      RMB’000

      Financial assets at fair value though profit or loss
      At April 1                                                                        1,622,162    1,567,998
      Purchases                                                                           175,947            —
      Reclassified from investments in associates                                         784,507            —
      Total gains/(losses) recognized in profit or loss                                  (348,462)      47,743
      Disposals                                                                          (225,055)           —
      Exchange realignment                                                                (34,167)       6,421


      At March 31                                                                       1,974,932    1,622,162


      The Group did not have any financial liabilities measured at fair value as at March 31, 2026
      and 2025.

      During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level
      2 and no transfers into or out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (2025:
      Nil).




206    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2026

35. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
  Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

  Assets for which fair values are disclosed:

  As at March 31, 2026

                                                     Fair value measurement using
                                          Quoted prices             Significant  Significant
                                               in active            observable unobservable
                                                markets                  inputs       inputs
                                              (Level 1)               (Level 2)    (Level 3)                         Total
                                              RMB’000                 RMB’000      RMB’000                        RMB’000

  Long-term time deposits                                   —         3,462,235                        —         3,462,235
  Other receivables and other assets,
    non-current portion                                     —           127,577                        —           127,577


  Total                                                     —         3,589,812                        —         3,589,812


  As at March 31, 2025

                                                       Fair value measurement using
                                           Quoted prices            Significant          Significant
                                                in active           observable         unobservable
                                                 markets                 inputs               inputs
                                                (Level 1)             (Level 2)            (Level 3)                  Total
                                                RMB’000               RMB’000              RMB’000                 RMB’000

  Long-term time deposits                                   —         4,204,161                        —         4,204,161
  Other receivables and other assets,
    non-current portion                                     —             90,756                       —             90,756


  Total                                                     —         4,294,917                        —         4,294,917




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   207
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

36. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
      The Group’s principal financial instruments comprise cash and bank deposits and time deposits.
      The Group has various other financial assets and liabilities such as trade receivables and trade
      payables, which arise directly from its operations.

      It is, and has been throughout the year under review, the Group’s policy that no trading in
      financial instruments shall be undertaken.

      The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are credit risk, foreign currency risk
      and liquidity risk. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of
      these risks and they are summarized below.

      Credit risk

      The Group trades only with recognized and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group’s policy
      that all customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification
      procedures. In addition, receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis.

      The credit risk of the Group’s other financial assets, which comprise cash and bank deposits,
      time deposits and other receivables, arises from default of the counterparty, with a maximum
      exposure equal to the carrying amounts of these instruments.

      Further quantitative data in respect of the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade
      receivables are disclosed in note 19 to the financial statements.

      The Group places its cash and bank deposits and time deposits with major international banks
      in Hong Kong and state-owned banks in Chinese mainland. This investment policy limits the
      Group’s exposure to concentrations of credit risk.

      Maximum exposure and year-end staging

      The tables below show the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the
      Group’s credit policy, which is mainly based on ageing information unless other information is
      available without undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at March 31. The
      amounts presented are gross carrying amounts for financial assets and the exposure to credit
      risk for the financial guarantee contracts.




208    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           March 31, 2026

36. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
    (CONTINUED)
  Credit risk (Continued)

  Maximum exposure and year-end staging (Continued)

  As at March 31, 2026

                                    12-month
                                        ECLs                          Lifetime ECLs

                                                                                         Simplified
                                     Stage 1           Stage 2            Stage 3        approach                Total
                                    RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000

  Trade receivables*                        —                     —                 —     1,269,116         1,269,116
  Bills receivable                     33,345                     —                 —             —            33,345
  Financial assets included in
    prepayments, other
    receivables and other assets
    — Normal**                      1,095,757                     —              —                    —     1,095,757
    — Doubtful**                           —                      —          17,934                   —        17,934
  Long-term time deposits
    — Not yet past due              3,348,955                     —                 —                 —     3,348,955
  Short-term time deposits
    — Not yet past due              4,430,913                     —                 —                 —     4,430,913
  Restricted cash
    — Not yet past due               318,792                      —                 —                 —        318,792
  Cash and bank deposits
    — Not yet past due              5,434,097                     —                 —                 —     5,434,097


  Total                            14,661,859                     —         17,934        1,269,116 15,948,909




                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   209
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

36. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
    (CONTINUED)
      Credit risk (Continued)

      Maximum exposure and year-end staging (Continued)

      As at March 31, 2025

                                                            12-month
                                                                ECLs                            Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                                Simplified
                                                              Stage 1            Stage 2           Stage 3      approach        Total
                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000

      Trade receivables*                                              —                     —            —      1,083,331    1,083,331
      Bills receivable                                            5,447                     —            —              —        5,447
      Financial assets included in
        prepayments, other
        receivables and other assets
        — Normal**                                             976,928                      —            —              —     976,928
        — Doubtful**                                                 —                      —       17,934              —      17,934
      Long-term time deposits
        — Not yet past due                                  4,152,413                       —            —              —    4,152,413
      Short-term time deposits
        — Not yet past due                                  5,617,926                       —            —              —    5,617,926
      Restricted cash
        — Not yet past due                                     303,243                      —            —              —     303,243
      Cash and bank deposits
        — Not yet past due                                  2,218,296                       —            —              —    2,218,296


      Total                                               13,274,253                        —       17,934      1,083,331 14,375,518

      *        For trade receivables to which the Group applies the simplified approach for impairment, information based on
               the provision matrix is disclosed in note 19 to the financial statements.

      **       The credit quality of the financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets is considered
               to be “normal” when they are not past due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had
               a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition.


      Since the Group trades only with recognized and creditworthy third parties, there is no
      requirement for collateral. Concentrations of credit risk are managed by customer/counterparty,
      by geographical region and by industry sector. There are no significant concentrations of credit
      risk within the Group as the customer bases of the Group’s trade receivables are widely
      dispersed in different sectors and industries.



210        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            March 31, 2026

36. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
    (CONTINUED)
  Foreign currency risk

  The Group has transactional currency exposures. Such exposures arise from the Group’s cash
  and bank deposits and time deposits denominated in currencies other than the functional
  currencies of the operating units.

  The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a
  reasonably possible change in the RMB exchange rate, with all other variables held constant, of
  the Group’s profit before tax (arising from RMB denominated cash and bank balances).

                                                                                                             Increase/
                                                                                   Increase/                (decrease)
                                                                               (decrease) in                   in profit
                                                                                   RMB rate                 before tax
                                                                                          %                   RMB’000

  2026
  If the Hong Kong dollar weakens against RMB                                                    1                      471
  If the Hong Kong dollar strengthens against RMB                                               (1)                    (471)


  2025
  If the Hong Kong dollar weakens against RMB                                                     1                     229
  If the Hong Kong dollar strengthens against RMB                                                (1)                   (229)

  Liquidity risk

  The Group monitors its risk to a shortage of funds using a recurring liquidity planning tool. This
  tool considers the maturity of both its financial instruments and financial assets (e.g., trade
  receivables) and projected cash flows from operations.




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report     211
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

36. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
    (CONTINUED)
      Liquidity risk (Continued)

      The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period,
      based on the contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:

      As at March 31, 2026

                                                                                     Less than
                                                                                     1 year or
                                                                                   on demand        Over 1 year      Total
                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000

      Trade and bills payables                                                          3,013,775            —    3,013,775
      Financial liabilities included in other payables and
        accruals                                                                         513,290             —     513,290
      Lease liabilities                                                                   29,775        30,301      60,076


      Total                                                                             3,556,840       30,301    3,587,141


      As at March 31, 2025

                                                                                     Less than
                                                                                     1 year or
                                                                                   on demand        Over 1 year       Total
                                                                                      RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000

      Trade and bills payables                                                          2,852,381            —    2,852,381
      Financial liabilities included in other payables and
        accruals                                                                          526,508             —     526,508
      Lease liabilities                                                                    12,498        25,242      37,740


      Total                                                                             3,391,387        25,242   3,416,629




212    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           March 31, 2026

36. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
    (CONTINUED)
  Capital management

  The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a
  going concern while maximizing the return to stakeholders through the optimization of the debt
  and equity balance. The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from that of the prior
  year.

  The capital structure of the Group consists of equity attributable to owners of the Company,
  comprising issued share capital and reserves.

  The directors of the Company review the capital structure on a regular basis. As part of this
  review, the directors consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of
  capital. Based on recommendations of the directors, the Group will balance its overall capital
  structure through new issues of shares.


37. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
  The Group did not have any significant events subsequent to March 31, 2026.




                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report   213
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2026

38. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
      Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the
      reporting period is as follows:

                                                                                              2026          2025
                                                                                           RMB’000       RMB’000

      NON-CURRENT ASSETS
      Investments in subsidiaries                                                        43,747,534    46,097,545
      Due from subsidiaries                                                               6,918,744     7,316,064
      Other intangible assets                                                                     —           204


      Total non-current assets                                                           50,666,278    53,413,813


      CURRENT ASSETS
      Prepayments, other receivables and other accruals                                    169,258       171,011
      Restricted cash                                                                       46,270        48,939
      Cash and bank deposits                                                                 2,521         4,741


      Total current assets                                                                 218,049       224,691


      CURRENT LIABILITIES
      Other payables and accruals                                                          128,325       121,504
      Due to subsidiaries                                                                   15,228        12,195


      Total current liabilities                                                            143,553       133,699


      NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                                     74,496        90,992


      TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                              50,740,774    53,504,805


      Net assets                                                                         50,740,774    53,504,805


      EQUITY
      Share capital                                                                         143,546       142,790
      Treasury shares                                                                        (8,531)      (52,600)
      Reserves                                                                           50,605,759    53,414,615


      Total equity                                                                       50,740,774    53,504,805




214     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                              March 31, 2026

38. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
    (CONTINUED)
  A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:

                                                                                                         Employee
                                                       Share                              Exchange     share-based
                                                    premium      Capital    Contributed fluctuation   compensation     Accumulated
                                                     account     reserve        surplus    reserve#        reserve           losses       Total
                                                     RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000


  At April 1, 2024                                 51,374,724     38,193         57,741   1,882,569        490,558       (1,141,196) 52,702,589
  Loss for the year                                        —           —             —           —               —          (16,633)    (16,633)
  Exchange differences on translation of
      the financial statements of the Company              —           —             —      625,949              —               —     625,949


  Total comprehensive income for the year                  —           —             —      625,949              —          (16,633)   609,316
  Exercise of share options                             6,783          —             —           —           (2,206)             —        4,577
  Share-based compensation expenses                        —     (15,679)            —           —         212,245               —     196,566
  Vested awarded shares transferred to employees      134,885    (27,439)            —           —         (205,879)             —      (98,433)


  At March 31, 2025 and April 1, 2025              51,516,392     (4,925)       57,741    2,508,518        494,718       (1,157,829) 53,414,615
  Loss for the year                                        —           —             —           —               —         (20,133)    (20,133)
  Exchange differences on translation of the
      financial statements of the Company                  —           —             — (2,917,562)               —               — (2,917,562)


  Total comprehensive income for the year                  —           —             — (2,917,562)               —         (20,133) (2,937,695)
  Exercise of share options                           15,767           —             —           —          (5,033)              —      10,734
  Share-based compensation expenses                        —           —             —           —         174,755               —     174,755
  Vested awarded shares transferred to employees     154,707       2,711             —           —        (214,068)              —     (56,650)


  At March 31, 2026                                51,686,866     (2,214)       57,741    (409,044)        450,372       (1,177,962) 50,605,759


  #
          The exchange fluctuation reserve represents the differences arising from translating the financial statements from
          HK$ into RMB, the Group’s presentation currency.


39. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  The financial statements were approved and authorized for issue by the board of directors on
  14 May 2026.




                                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report       215
FINANCIAL SUMMARY

                                                                           Year ended March 31,
                                               2026                   2025                   2024          2023          2022
                                            RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

RESULTS
Revenue                                  34,255,122            30,598,292               27,026,555    26,763,016    20,577,616


Profit/(loss) before tax                   2,274,220             1,559,968                939,399       550,994       (252,514)
Income tax expense                          (337,878)             (127,954)               (56,263)      (14,485)       (15,527)


Profit/(loss) for the year                 1,936,342             1,432,014                883,136       536,509       (268,041)


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                     1,936,162             1,432,427                883,477       535,653       (267,655)
  Non-controlling interests                      180                  (413)                  (341)          856           (386)


                                           1,936,342             1,432,014                883,136       536,509       (268,041)


                                                                                As at March 31,
                                               2026                   2025                   2024          2023          2022
                                            RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
Total assets                             23,093,105            21,178,417               19,705,337    20,747,820    19,201,997
Total liabilities                        (5,236,540)           (4,865,257)              (5,187,733)   (5,600,621)   (5,132,145)


                                         17,856,565            16,313,160               14,517,604    15,147,199    14,069,852


Equity attributable to
  owners of the parent                   17,855,404            16,312,179               14,544,212    15,173,573    14,096,039
Non-controlling interests                     1,161                   981                  (26,608)      (26,374)      (26,187)


                                         17,856,565            16,313,160               14,517,604    15,147,199    14,069,852




216    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2026 Fiscal Year Annual Report
