CONTENTS
02    Corporate Information

04    Chairman’s Statement

09    Management Discussion and Analysis

24    Directors’ Report

70    Biographical Information of
      Directors and Senior Management

75    Corporate Governance Report

91    Risk Management and Internal Control

100   Independent Auditor’s Report

107   Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss

108   Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive
      Income

109   Consolidated Statement of Financial Position

111   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity

113   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows

116   Notes to Financial Statements

218   Financial Summary
CORPORATE INFORMATION

BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                                      AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
                                                                        Mr. SHEN Difan
Executive Directors                                                     Ms. TSUI Hiu Leong
Mr. ZHU Shunyan (Chairman) (re-designated as
 a non-executive Director with effect from
                                                                        JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
  September 1, 2024)
                                                                        Ms. TSUI Hiu Leong
Mr. SHEN Difan (Chief Executive Officer)
                                                                        Ms. DENG Yan
Mr. TU Yanwu

Non-executive Directors                                                 LEGAL ADVISOR
Mr. ZHU Shunyan (Chairman) (re-designated as                            Fangda Partners
 a non-executive Director with effect from
  September 1, 2024)                                                    AUDITOR
Ms. HUANG Jiaojiao                                                      Ernst & Young
Mr. XU Haipeng                                                          Certified Public Accountants
                                                                        Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
Independent Non-executive Directors
Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa)                                              REGISTERED OFFICE
Dr. SHAO Rong                                                           Victoria Place
Ms. WU May Yihong                                                       5th Floor
                                                                        31 Victoria Street
Audit Committee                                                         Hamilton HM 10
Ms. WU May Yihong (Chairman)                                            Bermuda
Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa)
Dr. SHAO Rong
                                                                        PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
Remuneration Committee                                                  IN HONG KONG
Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa) (Chairman)                                   26/F, Tower One
Ms. HUANG Jiaojiao                                                      Times Square
Ms. WU May Yihong                                                       1 Matheson Street
                                                                        Causeway Bay
Nomination Committee                                                    Hong Kong
Mr. ZHU Shunyan (Chairman)
Dr. SHAO Rong                                                           PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS
Ms. WU May Yihong
                                                                        IN PRC
                                                                        30/F, Greenland Center
                                                                        Building 9, Zone 4
                                                                        Wangjing East Park
                                                                        Chaoyang District
                                                                        Beijing




02    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                              CORPORATE INFORMATION

PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR
(IN BERMUDA)
Ocorian Management (Bermuda) Ltd.
Canon’s Court
22 Victoria Street
Hamilton HM 12
Bermuda


BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR
(IN HONG KONG)
Tricor Investor Services Limited
17/F, Far East Finance Centre
16 Harcourt Road
Hong Kong


PRINCIPAL BANKERS
China CITIC Bank International Limited
The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
  Corporation Limited
China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
Bank of Ningbo Co., Ltd
JPMorgan Chase Bank


COMPANY WEBSITE
http://www.irasia.com/listco/hk/alihealth/




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   03
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

Dear fellow shareholders,

First of all, on behalf of the Board of Directors and Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited
(the “Company”) or Alibaba Health, together with its subsidiaries, (the “Group”), I would like to
take this opportunity to express our sincere gratitude to all of our shareholders and the general
public for their continued interest and support.

In 2024, China’s economy maintained steady progress along the path of pursuing high-quality
development, driven by technological innovation in building a modern industrial system. The
consumer potential continues to be unleashed, and the digital economy is becoming deeply
integrated with the real economy. 2024 was also a year of breakthrough for the Internet healthcare
industry as it moved towards intelligent and accessible development. The Government Work Report
of the State Council clearly proposes to “step up the application of big data and artificial
intelligence in the healthcare sector”. The National Health Commission, the National Administration
of Traditional Chinese Medicine, and the National Disease Control and Prevention Administration
jointly released the “Reference Guidance for Artificial Intelligence Application Scenarios in the
Healthcare Industry”^ (《衛生健康行業人工智能應用場景參考指引》), explicitly supporting the in-depth
application of AI technologies in medical scenarios. With the continuous increase in policy support
and the rapid evolution of technological innovation, the Internet healthcare industry is destined to
embrace broader development opportunities and a brighter future. Against this backdrop, Alibaba
Health has remained steadfast in its mission of making healthcare services accessible and
affordable. We have proactively responded to national policy incentives and driven industry
transformation through scientific and technological innovation. As the flagship platform of Alibaba
Group in the healthcare sector, Alibaba Health has deeply integrated AI technology with full-chain
healthcare and pharmaceutical service capabilities, striving to build an intelligent healthcare
ecosystem that synergizes online and offline services. Focusing on user needs, we continued to
enhance the accessibility and efficiency of pharmaceutical and healthcare products through
AI-enabled intelligent transformation of healthcare services and doctor services, while actively
exploring the path of “AI + Healthcare” industry innovation.




04    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                   CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

PHARMACEUTICAL E-COMMERCE BUSINESS
Over the past year, the pharmaceutical e-commerce business continued to reinforce its leading
position in the industry. By improving supply chain efficiency, enriching the categories of
pharmaceuticals and healthcare products, and enhancing user service experience, we continued to
meet the needs of a wide range of users to purchase pharmaceuticals in a convenient and reliable
manner. We have entered into strategic cooperation agreements with a number of well-known
pharmaceutical companies, maximizing the accessibility of out-of-hospital medications, improved the
availability of their products in lower-tier markets, and comprehensively expanded cooperations in
digital healthcare services across online retail, category expansion, new drug launches, and disease
education. While expanding the scope of cooperation and product collaboration, we also leveraged
the combined R&D strengths and big data capabilities of both manufacturers and Alibaba Health to
jointly develop market-oriented new products, thereby accelerating the R&D pace of new products
and meeting the diverse market demands. Through the supply-side structural reform, we have built
a comprehensive and multi-tiered healthcare consumption portal. With an industry-leading breadth
of product offerings, we satisfied consumers’ diverse healthcare needs and established a virtuous
ecosystem cycle of “full-spectrum supply — precise matching — inclusive access”. Alibaba Health is
committed to providing patients with a safer, more accurate and more convenient medication
purchasing experience by leveraging its core advantages in the pharmaceutical e-commerce
business.

For digital marketing, following the acquisition of the Exclusive Marketing Materials Review Right
under the healthcare categories of Alimama in the previous year, Alibaba Health proactively
integrated marketing services into the complete solution loop of health brand merchant solutions,
forming a multi-engine growth model featuring in “proprietary revenue + platform commission +
marketing services”. This model enhanced merchant engagement and advertising scale on the
platform, further driving business growth for Alibaba Health. The Group established a dedicated
team to formulate tailored marketing strategies for new products, enabling rapid enhancement of
user awareness and purchase conversion both within and beyond the Taobao ecosystem. Alibaba
Health’s digital capabilities are constantly being brought into play to identify user pain points and
better address consumer healthcare needs. Meanwhile, Alibaba Health developed a personalized
digital marketing system by combining content-driven education with in-depth exploration of product
attributes and target consumer segments. To further build a robust health ecosystem, Tmall
Healthcare invested hundreds of millions of funds and focused on three major industry growth
drivers, namely “new users, new merchants, and new growth.” We have built a robust healthy
ecosystem to support merchants at different stages of development, helping them achieve
sustainable and predictable growth. Alibaba Health and its partnered brands will step up the
exploration around “quality products, competitive prices, and excellent services”, engaging in
diversified and in-depth collaborations covering premium products, rich content, precise services,
and customized engagement strategies. These efforts aim to unlock long-term growth potential and
jointly build the most trusted healthcare brands and healthcare platforms for consumers in China.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   05
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

HEALTHCARE AND DIGITAL SERVICES BUSINESS
Over the past year, The Group has made ongoing efforts to further optimize the service processes for
online consultations, follow-up prescriptions, and chronic disease management, thereby improving
the accessibility and efficiency of healthcare services. We have continued to invest resources in
attracting high-quality medical professionals and expanding our specialty service capabilities,
especially in the area of chronic disease management, to support patients in achieving more
effective long-term health management through digital tools and professional services. We offered
personalized consultation advice and treatment plans for chronic disease patients, addressing their
medication-related inquiries, providing consultations on disease symptoms, as well as conducting
health risk assessments and offering preventive recommendations. Guided by the national strategy
“Healthy China 2030”, the Group is building a leading medical and healthcare service system.
Through a variety of channels such as Tmall, Taobao, Alipay, AMap, DingTalk, Freshippo and Quark,
the Group aims to achieve precise matching of medical resources with user needs, formulating a
complete and full-cycle health management loop covering prevention, diagnosis, treatment, and
rehabilitation. As at March 31, 2025, the total number of licensed physicians, pharmacists and
nutritionists who contracted with the Group reached nearly 240,000, to provide seamless
online-to-offline healthcare services (including, among others, TCM, medical checkups, medical
consultation, appointment-making, vaccination, dental care, mental care, optometry and nursing),
allowing its users to access convenient, efficient and personalized healthcare management
solutions.

The Group continued to set an industry benchmark by expanding the application and
implementation of discipline-specific digital intelligent solutions in its internet hospital business,
extending from oncology and autoimmune specialties to additional disciplines including
neurosurgery, orthopaedics, psychiatry and gynaecology. The digital capabilities enable doctors to
refine patient management and deliver more efficient patient education.

The business of Xiaolu TCM continued to grow steadily. As at March 31, 2025, it has gathered
140,000 registered TCM practitioners, forming a nationwide network of 137 dispensing centers,
reflecting significant improvement in both the service coverage and quality standard. Xiaolu TCM
launched an AI-assisted diagnosis system, leveraging Alibaba Cloud Bailian (阿里雲百煉) platform
and fully integrated with the DEEPSEEK reasoning large model. Based on the analysis of millions of
clinical case data, the system significantly improves efficiency in scenarios such as doctor-assisted
consultations.




06    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                    CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

On March 19, 2025, the National Healthcare Security Administration, the Ministry of Human Resources
and Social Security, the National Health Commission and the National Medical Products
Administration jointly issued the “Notice on Strengthening the Collection and Application of Drug
Tracking Codes in Healthcare Security and Work Injury Insurance”^ (《關於加強藥品追溯碼在醫療保障和
工傷保險領域採集應用的通知》), which mandates the use of drug tracking codes to track drugs
throughout the whole process covering production, distribution and usage. It also promotes the
comprehensive collection and application of drug tracking codes in healthcare security and work
injury insurance, ultimately enabling the tracking codes to be fully collected in medical institutions.
Proactively responding to these policy incentives, the “Ma Shang Fang Xin” platform has further
promoted the coverage of the entire value chain from drug production, distribution, retail-end
pharmacies and healthcare institutions, contributing to improving the transparency, security and
compliance of the drug supply chain.

In the application of AI technology, we are committed to driving business innovation with
cutting-edge technologies such as big data and artificial intelligence. We have enhanced our
operational efficiency and service quality, devoting ourselves to exploring wider application
sceneries of large language models, while empowering the overall upgrade of healthcare industry.
By applying large language models to provide healthcare services, the Group achieved end-to-end
AI integration across its pharmaceutical e-commerce business, including traffic acquisition, supply
chain management, and service delivery. Leveraging upgraded AI capabilities, the Group has further
enhanced operational efficiency in multiple areas, including optimized search and recommendation
models for pharmaceuticals, smart pharmacy supply chain systems, intelligent product operations,
and smart customer services. These advancements have not only driven growth in GMV but also
enabled it to meet users’ demands for faster and more efficient services. Looking ahead, the Group
will continue to explore the application of large language models in the healthcare service segment,
aiming to further improve efficiency and process quality across the healthcare field, creating more
values for the industry.


PUBLIC SERVICE
Alibaba Health is committed to fulfilling its corporate social responsibilities, focusing on the
healthcare needs of the disadvantaged while promoting the fair and sustainable development of
social health by making healthcare services accessible to all. We continue to invest in initiatives
concerning the hearing health of elderly people, promoting public project of Medical Checkups for
Blind People, supporting rare disease care, and advancing health education. We are committed to
making quality medical and health services more accessible, contributing to the creation of a
healthier society. Alibaba Health will continue to focus on disadvantaged groups and address social
pain points. It will also lead ecological partners to support Healthy China.




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   07
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

The “Care Campaign for Babies with Methylmalonic Acidemias” has solved the problem of rare
disease patients not being able to buy specialized formula. By engaging the concerted efforts of
specialized formula brands to design an “on-demand supply” model, the initiative ensures the
accessibility of specialized food for child patients with rare diseases across 31 provinces,
autonomous regions and municipalities. Over 700 families of rare disease patients have registered
their demand for specialized formula, with annual needs of more than 30,000 cans of formula
collected for child patients with rare diseases.

The “Hearing Aid Campaign” has established the “Hearing Test Centres” in 25 communities across
Beijing, Shanghai, and Wuhan, providing free hearing test services for 5,011 senior citizens through
self-screening, free consultation, and home test. Meanwhile, the “Medical Checkups for Blind
People” public project has offered tailor-made “blind-friendly” public medical checkups to 500
visually impaired individuals in 10 cities, including more than 20 physical examination items for the
visually impaired individuals.

Alibaba Health tracking code has launched the “Digitalization of Pharmaceutical Circulation
Compliance” project to help reduce carbon emissions and build an efficient pharmaceutical supply
chain system. The project has cumulatively provided services to over 1,500 manufacturing enterprises
and more than 7,100 operating enterprises, and has cumulatively issued over 8.5 million digital drug
inspection reports.

At Alibaba Health, we firmly believe that a company’s growth stems not only from creating
commercial value but also from giving back to society and nature. We have announced an
enhanced version of the distinctive “1–5–100 Public Service Plan”. Guided by the principle of “one
stretch of Alibaba Health Public Service Forest, five business-related public projects, and
participation from one hundred employee families”, the plan integrates social responsibility into our
corporate gene. We introduced the innovative “Alibaba Health Public Service Forest” program,
adopting an “employee volunteer service + ecological remediation” model to foster the coexistence
of goodwill and greenery. Alibaba Health will plant one tree for every three hours of voluntary
services completed by each of its employees to commemorate their acts of kindness. The Public
Service Forest embodies the sense of social responsibility of every Alibaba Health member. It will
also stand as our enduring commitment to society and nature.

Looking ahead, we remain highly confident in the long-term growth potential of Alibaba Health.
Technological innovation continues to serve as the core engine driving industrial transformation.
Meanwhile, meeting the multi-level and diversified healthcare needs of the people remains our
unwavering mission. Alibaba Health will maintain its focus on AI-driven growth, deepen
collaboration with ecological partners, and continuously enhance user experience and service
quality. We are confident in our ability to ride the wave in the opportunity-rich blue ocean of digital
health, continuously creating long-term value for our users, society, and shareholders.

ZHU Shunyan
Chairman



May 19, 2025



08    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

BUSINESS REVIEW
In FY2025, the “Internet + Healthcare” industry has undergone continuous and progressive
advancement. Guided by the Central Economic Work Conference’s strategy to “expand domestic
demand and boost the dynamism and reliability of the domestic economy”, the National Health
Commission, in collaboration with other ministries and commissions, are further advancing and
strengthening the reforms in “demand-side management”. A series of policies have been
introduced to further encourage systematic measures including optimizing the medical insurance
payment mechanisms, expanding the coverage of online diagnosis and treatment, and encouraging
innovative healthcare models, to promote the high-quality, multi-tiered and inclusive development of
the healthcare industry. On April 7, 2025, 12 departments including the Ministry of Commerce and
the National Health Commission jointly issued the Notice on “Special Action Plan to Promote Healthy
Consumption”^ (( 《促進健康消費專項行動方案》), which clearly outlines the optimization of the structure
of health-related products supply chains, encouraging the development of niche sectors such as
nutritional supplements, traditional Chinese medicine (“TCM”) wellness, health monitoring and elderly
care products and services, while supporting e-commerce platforms in expanding market coverage.
The Government Work Report of the Two Sessions in 2025 highlights the “implementation of special
actions to boost consumption”, supported by the issue of ultra-long-term special treasury bonds of
RMB300 billion to promote trade-in of consumer goods, directly integrating this initiative to health
consumption. Alibaba Health actively participated in these targeted initiatives, leveraging
government subsidies to lower consumption barriers and addressing users’ demand for replacing
products through “direct discounts and subsidies” models.

Besides, in the field of healthcare innovation, the Government Work Report of the Two Sessions
further clarify and solidify the research, development and application of artificial intelligence (“AI”),
supporting the widespread adoption of large-scale models, with a strategic focus on AI application
in key sectors such as healthcare and education. In July 2024, the National Health Commission, the
National Administration of Traditional Chinese Medicine, and the National Disease Control and
Prevention Administration jointly released the “Reference Guidance for Artificial Intelligence
Application Scenarios in the Healthcare Industry”^ ((    《衛 生 健 康 行 業 人 工 智 能 應 用 場 景 參 考 指 引》),
providing clear direction and references for AI applications in the healthcare industry. The guidance
covers application scenarios across four major sectors of “AI+” namely, medical services
management, primary health services, health industry development, and medical scientific research,
establishing a standardized foundation for Alibaba Health’s active exploration in the field of medical
AI. During the Reporting Period, following government policy guidance, actively responding to
initiatives, the various business operations of Alibaba Health continued to maintain stable growth.




                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   09
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

During the Reporting Period, the Group achieved a steady growth in revenue, with its total revenue
reaching RMB30,598.3 million, representing an increase of 13.2% year-on-year. The net profit
reached RMB1,432.0 million, representing an increase of 62.2% year-on-year. The adjusted net profit
totaled RMB1,949.7 million, representing an increase of 35.6% year-on-year, and adjusted net profit
margin improved from 5.3% to 6.4%. The business of the Tmall Healthcare Platform continued to
grow at a steady pace, along with the healthy growth in the annual GMV and the continued
increase in the number of paid annual active users (“AAU”) (those who made one or more actual
purchase(s) on the Tmall Healthcare Platform within the past 12 months) during the Reporting
Period. As at March 31, 2025, both the number of online proprietary merchants and the number of
merchants with transactions on the Tmall Healthcare Platform sustained rapid growth, and as at the
end of the Reporting Period, the number of merchants with transactions served increasing by 35%
year-on-year to 48,300, along with the number of online SKUs increasing by more than 91% year-
on-year to 133 million.

As at March 31, 2025, the effective GMV of direct online stores maintained a healthy growth, with the
number of AAUs and the membership of direct sales business continue to rise. SKUs from direct
sales business increased by 33.6% year-on-year to 1.23 million. Meanwhile, the Group continued to
enhance user experience for chronic disease patients, achieving both growth in the number of
chronic disease users and a 9% year-on-year increase in average duration of therapy (DOT) per user.
During the Reporting Period, the Group further integrated and optimized its pharmaceutical logistics
network with a focus on improving overall logistics experience. While maintaining a consistently high
next-day delivery rate for medications, next-day delivery services were progressively expanded to
cover 13 cities, including Guangzhou, Ningbo, Jinhua, Jiaxing, Shaoxing, Huzhou, Taizhou and
Wenzhou.

In the healthcare services segment, as at the end of the Reporting Period, the total number of
licensed physicians, pharmacists and nutritionists who contracted with the Group to provide online
health consultation services continued to grow and reached nearly 240,000 (including Xiaolu TCM).

As the flagship healthcare platform of Alibaba Group Holding Limited (“Alibaba Holding”, together
with its subsidiaries, “Alibaba Group”), the Group upholds its aspiration in making healthcare
services accessible and affordable while adhering to the highest industry standards of compliance
and service quality. With this in mind, the Group will continue to consolidate and strengthen its
established competitive strengths and business foundations in healthcare, while proactively
exploring innovative business models and fostering industry development for the future to align with
the evolving needs of its customers. The Group will utilize its leading digital technology and
operational capabilities, with “cloud-based infrastructure” as its foundation, “cloud-based
pharmacy” as its core, and “cloud-based hospital” as its growth driver to provide affordable,
convenient, efficient and reliable medical and healthcare services to hundreds of millions of
families.




10    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Pharmaceutical E-commerce Business

The Group’s pharmaceutical e-commerce business remains user-centric, fully leveraging its well-
established brand strengths and resources accumulated over the years. Leveraging its strengths in
e-commerce, big data and cloud computing, the Group operates through an integrated model
combining Tmall Healthcare E-commerce Platform, pharmaceutical direct sales business and
e-commerce advertising business. The Group actively expands its cooperation with recognized
upstream manufacturers and distributors in pharmaceutical, nutritional, healthcare, and medical
device segments, so as to provide a comprehensive internet-based health solutions that are tailored
to users’ diverse needs. During the Reporting Period, by actively operating the advertising business
within the Tmall healthcare categories (for further details, please refer to the announcement of the
Company dated November 28, 2023), continuously empowering merchants and enhancing
manufacturers’ operational service capabilities, the Group achieved rapid growth in revenue as
compared to the Corresponding Period.

•   Pharmaceutical E-Commerce Platform Business — Tmall Healthcare Platform

    During the Reporting Period, as a leading online pharmaceutical and healthcare products
    service platform in China, Tmall Healthcare Platform continued to leverage its digital capabilities
    to drive business innovation. By collaborating with business and industry partners to jointly
    explore new development trends, expand market boundaries and focus on user demand trends,
    the Group provides users with more accessible and quality healthcare services. During the
    Reporting Period, the annual GMV and the number of AAUs continued to increase. The number
    of merchants with transactions served increased rapidly by 35% year-on-year to 48,300, and
    online SKUs grew by over 91% to 133 million as at March 31, 2025.

    The injection of the advertising business (for further details, please refer to the announcement of
    the Company dated November 28, 2023) further enhanced the comprehensiveness of the Tmall
    Healthcare Platform business model. During the Reporting Period, while providing more
    customized services to merchants, the Group actively promoted the business growth of
    merchants and improved the merchant experience and satisfaction, achieving rapid growth in
    revenue year-on-year.

•   Pharmaceutical Direct Sales Business

    Adhering to its operation motto of “authenticity, affordability, professionalism and reliability”,
    the Group’s pharmaceutical direct sales business is committed to providing consumers from
    Tmall, Taobao, Alipay, Ele.me and other segments with comprehensive and affordable
    healthcare services, including prescription drugs, over-the-counter (OTC) drugs, nutritional
    supplements, medical devices and contact lenses.




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   11
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     During the Reporting Period, the revenue of the pharmaceutical direct sales business reached
     RMB26,124.4 million, representing an increase of 10.0% year-on-year. During the Reporting
     Period, by adopting a refined consumer-centric operational approach, the Group further
     expanded collaborations with different manufacturers in the industry to broaden its business
     and products so as to meet the diversified needs of consumers. The number of AAUs and
     average revenue per user (“ARPU”) of direct online stores continued to grow, with SKUs
     increasing by 33.6% year-on-year to 1.23 million. During the Reporting Period, the Group further
     integrated and optimized its pharmaceutical logistics network with a focus on improving overall
     logistics experience. While maintaining a consistently high next-day delivery rate for
     medications, next-day delivery services were progressively expanded to cover 13 cities, including
     Guangzhou, Ningbo, Jinhua, Jiaxing, Shaoxing, Huzhou, Taizhou and Wenzhou.

Healthcare and Digital Services Business

During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to enhance users’ experience of the professional
healthcare services by providing its users with a seamless online-to-offline system of healthcare
services (including TCM, medical checkups, medical consultation, appointment-booking, vaccination,
dental care, mental care, optometry and nursing) through a variety of channels such as Tmall,
Taobao, Alipay, AMap, DingTalk, Freshippo and Quark. As at March 31, 2025, the total number of
licensed physicians, pharmacists and nutritionists who contracted with the Group to provide online
health consultation services continued to grow and reached nearly 240,000.

•    Healthcare Services

     During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to expand the application and implementation
     of discipline-specific digital intelligent solutions in its internet hospital business, extending from
     oncology and autoimmune specialties to additional disciplines including neurosurgery,
     orthopaedics, psychiatry and gynaecology. The enhanced digital capabilities enable doctors to
     refine patient management and deliver more efficient patient education.

     During the Reporting Period, the business of Xiaolu TCM continued to grow steadily. As at March
     31, 2025, the number of Xiaolu TCM registered TCM practitioners increased to 140,000, and the
     number of dispensing centers increased to 137, reflecting significant improvement in both the
     service coverage and quality standard. During the Reporting Period, Xiaolu TCM launched an AI-
     assisted diagnosis system, which is Alibaba Cloud Bailian (阿里雲百煉) platform and fully
     integrated with the DEEPSEEK reasoning large model. Based on the analysis of millions of
     clinical case data, the system significantly improves efficiency in scenarios such as doctor-
     assisted consultations.




12     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

•   Digital Tracking Business

    The “Ma Shang Fang Xin”^ (碼上放心) tracking platform business continued to maintain efficient
    and healthy growth. On March 19, 2025, the National Healthcare Security Administration, the
    Ministry of Human Resources and Social Security, the National Health Commission and the
    National Medical Products Administration jointly issued the “Notice on Strengthening the
    Collection and Application of Drug Tracking Codes in Healthcare Security and Work Injury
    Insurance”^ ((《關於加強藥品追溯碼在醫療保障和工傷保險領域採集應用的通知》), which mandates the
    use of drug tracking codes to track drugs throughout the whole process covering production,
    distribution and usage. It also promotes the comprehensive collection and application of drug
    tracking codes in healthcare security and work injury insurance, ultimately enabling the tracking
    codes to be fully collected in medical institutions. Proactively responding to these policy
    incentives, the “Ma Shang Fang Xin” platform has further promoted the coverage of the entire
    value chain from drug production, distribution, retail-end pharmacies and healthcare
    institutions. In terms of innovation, through “Ma Shang Fang Xin” platform, the Group also
    launched a “Digital Compliance for Drug Distribution” service, which enables the automated
    despatch of drug inspection reports through routine drug tracking code scanning. This service
    enhances efficiency in the traceability process while promoting environmental protection. To
    date, over 1,500 drug manufacturers and authorized marketing providers, along with more than
    7,100 distribution companies, have adopted the service, and this service has cumulatively issued
    over 8.5 million digital drug inspection reports. By virtue of its “one object, one code”
    capability, the “Ma Shang Fang Xin” platform will continue to collaborate with enterprises to
    explore digital applications of tracking codes in drug distribution.

    By applying large language models to provide healthcare services, the Group achieved
    end-to-end AI integration across its pharmaceutical e-commerce business, including traffic
    acquisition, supply chain management, and service delivery. Leveraging upgraded AI
    capabilities, the Group has further enhanced operational efficiency in multiple areas, including
    optimized search and recommendation models for pharmaceuticals, smart pharmacy supply
    chain systems, intelligent product operations, and smart customer services. These advancements
    have not only driven growth in GMV but also enabled it to meet users’ demands for faster and
    more efficient services. Looking ahead, the Group will continue to explore the application of
    large language models in the healthcare service segment, aiming to further improve efficiency
    and process quality across the healthcare field.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   13
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Public Service

During the Reporting Period, the Group was committed to fulfilling its corporate social responsibility.
With a continued focus on the availability of healthcare services to vulnerable groups such as the
children, the elderly and the residents in remote areas, it is dedicated to addressing the uneven
distribution of medical resources and other social and livelihood issues. As at March 31, 2025, the
“Care Campaign for Babies with Methylmalonic Acidemias” ensured the accessibility of special
medical nutrition food to children with rare diseases across 31 provinces, autonomous regions and
municipalities nationwide, providing assistance such as special medical milk powder, medical
expense support and MDT consultation services for children with 17 types of genetic metabolic rare
diseases, including babies with Methylmalonic Acidemias. Alibaba Health, in collaboration with
Sonova, China Association of Gerontology and Geriatrics and China Ageing Development Foundation,
launched the “Hearing Aid Campaign 2024” public service, providing free hearing screening services
to 5,011 senior citizens in 25 communities across the country through self-screening, free
consultation, and door-to-door testing and other activities. By combining convenient hearing self-
screening with offline free consultation by professional audiologists, it facilitated the elderly better
understand their hearing loss levels, raised awareness among the elderly about hearing loss and
promoted public attention to elderly hearing health. Tmall Health launched the “Physical
Examination for the Visually Impaired” public service, providing customized physical examination
services to 500 visually impaired individuals in over 10 cities, with dedicated quick access to
“physical examination for the visually impaired” and improved examination packages tailored for
the visually impaired community.

Future Prospects

As the industry’s leading digital health management company and the flagship platform of Alibaba
Group in the healthcare sector, Alibaba Health always takes user value as the starting point. By
deeply integrating AI technology with full-chain healthcare and pharmaceutical service capabilities, it
continues to actively build an intelligent healthcare ecosystem that synergizes online and offline
services, so as to provide affordable, convenient, efficient and reliable medical and healthcare
services to hundreds of millions of families.




14    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

FINANCIAL REVIEW
The key financial data of the Group for the years ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 is summarized as
follows:

                                                                    2025                      2024                   Change
                                                                 RMB’000                   RMB’000                       %

Revenue                                                       30,598,292                27,026,555                          13.2
Gross profit                                                   7,432,091                 5,895,321                          26.1
Gross profit margin                                                24.3%                     21.8%                          N/A
Fulfilment                                                    (2,567,707)               (2,413,212)                          6.4
Selling and marketing expenses                                (2,258,374)               (1,776,564)                         27.1
Administrative expenses                                         (407,432)                 (359,980)                         13.2
Product development expenses                                    (720,053)                 (705,382)                          2.1
Other income and gains                                           663,236                   674,755                          (1.7)
Other expenses and losses                                       (514,521)                 (363,644)                         41.5
Finance costs                                                     (2,609)                   (5,969)                        (56.3)
Share of profits/(losses) of a joint venture                     (19,136)                    1,039                          N/A
Share of losses of associates                                    (45,527)                   (6,965)                        553.7
Income tax expense                                              (127,954)                  (56,263)                        127.4
Profit for the year                                            1,432,014                   883,136                          62.2
NON-HKFRS ADJUSTMENTS
Adjusted net profit                                             1,949,673                1,437,928                          35.6

—   Revenue

    Revenue of the Group for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB30,598,292,000, representing an
    increase of RMB3,517,737,000 or 13.2% as compared with RMB27,026,555,000 for the
    Corresponding Period. The increase in revenue was mainly attributable to the steady
    development of the pharmaceutical direct sales business and pharmaceutical e-commerce
    platform business during the Reporting Period.

    —   Pharmaceutical Direct Sales Business

         The pharmaceutical direct sales business of the Group primarily comprises the direct
         business-to-customer (“B2C”) retail, related advertising business and the business-to-
         business (“B2B”) centralized procurement and distribution business. During the Reporting
         Period, the overall revenue from pharmaceutical direct sales business reached
         RMB26,124,420,000, representing an increase of 10.0% year-on-year. The growth in revenue
         from the pharmaceutical direct sales business was mainly attributable to the constant
         enrichment of categories of goods sold through the direct B2C retail and SKUs, as well as
         the continuous optimization of user experience by adopting a number of measures, such as
         improving information security and providing more professional consultation services.




                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report       15
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     —     Pharmaceutical E-commerce Platform Business

           The pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business of the Group comprises (i) the
           e-commerce platform business acquired from Alibaba Group (including categories of,
           among others, pharmaceutical products, healthcare food, medical devices, adult and family
           planning products and contact lenses); (ii) the provision of outsourced services to Tmall
           Healthcare Platform (in respect of categories other than those that have already been
           acquired) and (iii) new pharmaceutical retail business. At the same time, the integration of
           its marketing review services and value-added services has established a complete solution
           loop of health brand merchant solutions, further enhancing the operational completeness of
           platform model. During the Reporting Period, total revenue of the pharmaceutical
           e-commerce platform business amounted to RMB3,588,499,000, representing an increase of
           54.0% year-on-year.

     —     Healthcare and Digital Services Business

           During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to enhance user experience of
           professional healthcare services by providing its users with a seamless online-to-offline
           healthcare service (including TCM, medical checkups, testing, medical consultation and
           appointment-booking) through a variety of channels such as Tmall, Taobao and Alipay.
           Digital services business includes tracking business. “Ma Shang Fang Xin”^ (碼上放心), the
           Group’s proprietary tracking platform, continued to grow steadily, by offering more value-
           added services with further penetration into the area of distribution and increasing the
           coverage of retail terminals. During the Reporting Period, the Group streamlined some of its
           innovative businesses, and therefore the revenue generated from the healthcare and digital
           services business decreased by 7.6% year-on-year to RMB885,373,000.

—    Gross profit and gross profit margin

     The Group recorded a gross profit of RMB7,432,091,000 for the Reporting Period, representing an
     increase of RMB1,536,770,000 or 26.1% from RMB5,895,321,000 for the Corresponding Period.
     Gross profit margin for the Reporting Period was 24.3%, representing an increase of 2.5
     percentage points from 21.8% for the Corresponding Period. This was mainly attributable to the
     Group’s penetration in the areas of operation refinement and digital upgrades during the
     Reporting Period, resulting in an optimization in operating efficiency and an improvement in
     pricing capabilities.




16       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
          MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

—   Fulfillment

    Warehousing, logistics, operation and customer service costs incurred by the Group’s
    pharmaceutical direct sales business were included in fulfillment costs. Fulfillment expenses for
    the Reporting Period amounted to RMB2,567,707,000, representing an increase of
    RMB154,495,000 or 6.4% from RMB2,413,212,000 for the Corresponding Period. During the
    Reporting Period, fulfillment costs as a proportion of the revenue generated from
    pharmaceutical direct sales business decreased by approximately 0.4 percentage points to 9.8%,
    as compared with 10.2% for the Corresponding Period, reflecting higher operational efficiencies
    achieved by the Group in areas such as warehousing, logistics and customer service.

—   Selling and marketing expenses

    Selling and marketing expenses for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB2,258,374,000,
    representing an increase of RMB481,810,000 or 27.1% compared with RMB1,776,564,000 for the
    Corresponding Period. The selling and marketing expenses as a proportion of the Group’s total
    revenue for the Reporting Period increased to 7.4% from 6.6% as compared with the
    Corresponding Period.

—   Administrative expenses

    Administrative expenses for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB407,432,000, representing an
    increase of RMB47,452,000 or 13.2% as compared with RMB359,980,000 for the Corresponding
    Period. The administrative expenses as a proportion of the Group’s total revenue remained
    relatively stable at 1.3% as compared with the Corresponding Period.

—   Product development expenses

    Product development expenses for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB720,053,000,
    representing an increase of RMB14,671,000 or 2.1% as compared with RMB705,382,000 for the
    Corresponding Period. The product development expenses as a proportion of the Group’s total
    revenue for the Reporting Period decreased to 2.4% from 2.6% as recorded for the
    Corresponding Period, which was mainly due to optimization of cost controls and research and
    development strategies during the Reporting Period.

—   Other income and gains

    Other income and gains for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB663,236,000, which primarily
    comprised interest income, change in fair value of financial assets at FVPL, and gain on disposal
    of investments incurred during the year. The decrease from RMB674,755,000 for the
    Corresponding Period was mainly due to the decrease in interest income received during the
    Reporting Period.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   17
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

—    Other expenses and losses

     Other expenses and losses for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB514,521,000, which
     primarily comprised exchange gain or loss and impairment of associates. The increase from
     RMB363,644,000 for the Corresponding Period was mainly due to losses arising from impairment
     of associates for the Reporting Period.

—    Share of profits or losses of a joint venture

     Share of profits or losses of a joint venture represents the share of net operating results of the
     joint venture held as to 13.72% by the Group, Jiangsu Zijin Hongyun Health Industry Investment
     Partnership (Limited Partnership)^ (江 蘇 紫 金 弘 雲 健 康 產 業 投 資 合 夥 企 業（有 限 合 夥）). For the
     Reporting Period, the Group’s share of losses of a joint venture was RMB19,136,000, as
     compared with a profit of RMB1,039,000 for the Corresponding Period.

—    Share of losses of associates

     The Group actively invests in the healthcare segment. The Group’s share of losses of associates
     for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB45,527,000, representing a increase of RMB38,562,000
     as compared with the losses of RMB6,965,000 recorded for the Corresponding Period. Share of
     losses of associates for the year was mainly attributable to the fact that some associates were
     still at the transformation or growing stage.

—    Non-Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards indicator in relation to profit for the year:
     Adjusted net profit

     The Group’s profit for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB1,432,014,000, as compared with a
     profit of RMB883,136,000 for the Corresponding Period. The Group’s adjusted net profit for the
     Reporting Period amounted to RMB1,949,673,000, as compared with an adjusted net profit of
     RMB1,437,928,000 for the Corresponding Period. Adjusted net profit is based on the profit for the
     corresponding period after excluding non-operating profit or loss items such as share-based
     compensation expenses, change in fair value of equity investments at FVPL, net of tax, gain on
     deemed disposal of investments in associates, net of tax, gain or loss on partial disposal of
     associates, net of tax and impairment of investments in associates, net of tax. The increase of
     RMB511,745,000 in the adjusted net profit for the Reporting Period as compared with the
     previous financial year was mainly attributable to the continuous growth in the number of users
     on pharmaceutical direct sales business platforms, the operation refinement of the Group’s
     business which has improved its bargaining and pricing capabilities and enhanced its
     operational efficiency, and the improvement in efficiency and cost sharing driven by the
     economies of scale on the platform.




18     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

To supplement the Group’s consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with
Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”), the Group has also reported its adjusted
net profit, which is not required under, or presented in accordance with, HKFRSs, as an
additional financial indicator. The Group believes that presenting the non-HKFRS indicator
together with the relevant HKFRS indicator will facilitate investors to compare its operational
performance across various periods by removing the potential impact of items which its
management considers as not indicative of its operational performance. The Group believes that
the non-HKFRS indicator provides investors and others with helpful information to understand
and assess its consolidated operational results in the same way as its management does.
However, the presentation of adjusted net profit may not be comparable with similar indicators
presented by other companies. Such non-HKFRS indicator has its limitations as an analytical
tool, and it should not be considered as independent of the operational results or financial
position presented under HKFRSs, or as a substitute for analyzing the relevant operational
results or financial position. In addition, the definition of such non-HKFRS indicator may differ
from the definitions of similar indicators used by other companies.

The table below provides the adjustments made to the most direct and comparable financial
indicator calculated and presented in accordance with HKFRSs (i.e. profit for the year) in arriving
at the adjusted net profit (a non-HKFRS measure) for the years ended March 31, 2025 and 2024:

                                                                                      For the year ended
                                                                                           March 31,
                                                                                        2025                     2024
                                                                                     RMB’000                  RMB’000

Profit for the year                                                                 1,432,014                  883,136
Excluding
— Share-based compensation expenses                                                   224,535                  266,059
— Fair value losses/(gain) on equity investments at FVPL,
     net of tax                                                                       (42,847)                 341,588
— Gain on deemed disposal of associates, net of tax                                    (1,969)                 (18,066)
— Loss/(gain) on partial disposal of associates, net of tax                            10,209                  (34,789)
— impairment of investments in associates, net of tax                                 327,731                        —


Adjusted net profit (non-HKFRS measure)                                             1,949,673                1,437,928




                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   19
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

FINANCIAL RESOURCES, LIQUIDITY AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE
EXPOSURES
For the Reporting Period, the Group met its cash requirements primarily through cash generated
from operating activities. The Group’s cash and cash equivalents as stated in the statement of cash
flows and cash and bank deposits as stated in the statement of financial position mainly comprise
cash on hand and at banks and highly liquid time deposits with a maturity of generally within three
months when acquired. As at March 31, 2025 and March 31, 2024, the Group’s cash and cash
equivalents amounted to RMB2,218,296,000 and RMB3,490,169,000, respectively.

Cash flows of the Group for the years ended March 31, 2025 and 2024 were as follows:

                                                                                         For the year ended
                                                                                              March 31,
                                                                                           2025           2024
                                                                                        RMB’000        RMB’000

Net cash flows generated from operating activities                                      1,395,033      1,079,832
Net cash flows used in investing activities                                            (2,596,482)    (4,880,900)
Net cash flows used in financing activities                                               (72,517)    (1,982,395)
Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                              (1,273,966)    (5,783,463)
Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                  3,490,169      9,236,850
Effects of exchange rate changes                                                            2,093         36,782
Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the statement of cash
  flows and cash and bank deposits as stated in the statement of
  financial position at the end of the year                                            2,218,296      3,490,169


Net cash flows generated from operating activities

For the Reporting Period, net cash flows generated from operating activities amounted to
RMB1,395,033,000, primarily attributable to profit before income tax from continuing operations of
RMB1,559,968,000, as adjusted by: (i) non-cash or non-operating activities expense items, which
primarily comprised the addition of share-based compensation expenses of RMB224,535,000, the
addition of depreciation and amortization of RMB57,605,000, the deduction of gains of financial
assets at FVPL of RMB51,364,000, the deduction of bank and other interest income of
RMB464,849,000, the addition of impairment of investments in associates of RMB410,020,000, and the
addition of share of losses of associates and a joint venture of RMB64,663,000; (ii) changes in
working capital, which primarily comprised a decrease in trade and bills payables of
RMB498,185,000, a decrease in prepayments, other receivables and other assets of RMB53,215,000,
an increase in other payables and accruals of RMB142,898,000, an increase in contract liabilities of
RMB140,412,000, an increase in inventories of RMB107,880,000, and an increase in trade receivables
of RMB273,594,000, an increase in restricted funds of RMB24,837,000, and a decrease in the payment
of corporate income tax of RMB106,932,000; and (iii) the addition of receipt of interest of
RMB146,727,000.



20    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Net cash flows used in investing activities

For the Reporting Period, net cash used in investing activities amounted to RMB2,596,482,000, which
was primarily attributable to (i) placement of time deposits with original maturity over three months
when acquired of RMB9,449,576,000, (ii) the subscription of short-term structured wealth
management products of RMB2,650,000,000, (iii) proceeds from maturity of short-term structured
wealth management products of RMB2,394,125,000, (iv) proceeds from withdrawal of time deposits
with a maturity over three months when acquired of RMB6,522,761,000, (v) proceeds from partial
disposal of equity interests in associates of RMB256,809,000 and (vi) receipt of interest income of
RMB311,789,000 during the Reporting Period. As at March 31, 2025, each of such structured wealth
management products and disposal of short-term structured wealth management products (both on
a standalone and an aggregated basis) has a value of less than 5% of all applicable percentage
ratios of the Group and none of such products constituted a notifiable transaction of the Company.

Net cash flows used in financing activities

For the Reporting Period, net cash flows used in financing activities was RMB72,517,000, which was
primarily attributable to the principal portion of lease payments of RMB38,094,000 and the payment
of RMB39,931,000 for repurchase of shares of the Company by the trustee of the share award
scheme of the Company during the Reporting Period.

Gearing ratio

As at March 31, 2025, the Group did not have any borrowings, and hence no gearing ratio was
shown (March 31, 2024: Nil).

Charges on assets and contingent liabilities

As at March 31, 2025, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities and had not
pledged any Group assets for bank loans and banking facilities.

Liquidity

The Group’s operations and transactions are principally conducted in the PRC. The Group prudently
managed its treasury functions and maintained a healthy liquidity position throughout the Reporting
Period. The Board closely monitors the Group’s liquidity position to ensure that the liquidity structure
of our assets, liabilities and other commitments can meet the Group’s funding requirements from
time to time.




                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   21
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Foreign exchange exposures

Except for a certain amount of bank balances and cash, most of the Group’s bank balances and
cash are placed in fixed deposits and are denominated in Hong Kong dollars, Renminbi and United
States dollars, while other assets and liabilities are mainly denominated in either Hong Kong dollars
or Renminbi. The Group changed its presentation currency from Hong Kong dollars to Renminbi
starting from the year ended March 31, 2016 to better reflect its operations in the PRC and to be
consistent with the internal reporting portfolio reviewed by the Directors. The Group does not have
foreign exchange hedging policy, but the management will continue to closely monitor exchange
rate fluctuations and will take appropriate measures to keep foreign exchange risk exposure to the
minimum. The Group does not use any financial instruments for hedging purposes.


EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICIES
The number of full-time employees of the Group as at March 31, 2025 was 1,364 (March 31, 2024:
1,435). Total staff costs of the Group for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB1,067.9 million (for
the Corresponding Period: RMB1,097.3 million).

The Group’s policy is to maintain a competitive pay structure and its employees are rewarded based
on their performance.

The Group also adopted the 2014 Share Award Scheme (the “2014 Share Award Scheme”) as
approved by the shareholders of the Company (the “Shareholders”) on November 24, 2014 and
amended on August 11, 2023. The Company further adopted the 2024 Share Award Scheme (the
“2024 Share Award Scheme”) pursuant to Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules on August 30, 2024, the
terms of which are largely similar in material respects to the terms of the 2014 Share Award Scheme
to ensure the consistent practice of share awards of the Group. Pursuant to the 2024 Share Award
Scheme, the Board may grant awards in the form of restricted share units (“RSUs”) or options to
eligible participants, including the Directors, the directors of the Company’s subsidiaries, the
employees of the Group or any other persons who, as determined by the Board in its absolute
discretion, have contributed or will contribute to the Group.

Upon adoption of the 2024 Share Award Scheme, the 2014 Share Award Scheme was terminated in
order to avoid administrative inconvenience. As such, upon adoption of the 2024 Share Award
Scheme, no further share awards may be offered or granted under the 2014 Share Award Scheme,
but in all other respects the terms of the 2014 Share Award Scheme shall remain in full force and
effect. Further, the outstanding options and RSUs granted pursuant to the 2014 Share Award
Scheme, which remain unvested or which have vested but not yet been exercised or in respect of
which shares not yet issued to the participants at the time of its termination, shall remain in full
force and effect.




22    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
           MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS, MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND
DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES
The Company has its own treasury policy setting out the selection guidelines and relevant approval
procedures for acceptable short-term investments and financial assets with reference to its risk
management policy. According to such treasury policy, the Company can invest in products including
non-equity financial asset investments with strong liquidity which can be realized either at any time
or within a short period of time. According to the Company’s prevailing approval procedures, any
investment decision related to financial assets shall be approved by the financial and treasury
manager of the Company, and shall, depending on the size of the investment, be approved by the
financial controller or chief financial officer. As at March 31, 2025, the Company’s short-term
investment at FVPL amounted to approximately RMB263.6 million (balance as at March 31, 2024:
Nil).

During the Reporting Period, the Group did not have any significant investments nor did the Group
carry out any material acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.


DIVIDEND
The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the Reporting Period (for the
Corresponding Period: Nil).


SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AFTER THE END OF THE REPORTING PERIOD
Save as disclosed in note 11 to the consolidated financial statements, there are no significant events
of the Group subsequent to March 31, 2025 and up to the date of this report.




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   23
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

The Board of Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited presents its report and the audited
financial statements for the Reporting Period.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
The Company is an investment holding company and the Group is primarily engaged in the
pharmaceutical direct sales business, pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business and healthcare
and digital services business.


BUSINESS REVIEW
Review of Business

A review of the Group’s business is set out in this report, including the principal risks and
uncertainties faced by such business which are described under the paragraph headed “4.
Disclosure of Material Risks” in the section headed “Risk Management and Internal Control” of this
report on pages 96 to 98 and the paragraph headed “Risks associated with the Contractual
Arrangements and the actions taken by the Group to mitigate the risks” in the section headed
“Directors’ Report” of this report on pages 63 to 64, and its possible future development is
described under the paragraph headed “5. Outlook and Key Actions for FY2026” in the section
headed “Risk Management and Internal Control” of this report on page 99.

Analysis of Performance and Financial Position

The key financial figures and financial position of the Group for the Reporting Period and the
relevant analysis are set out under the paragraphs headed “Financial Review” and “Financial
Resources, Liquidity and Foreign Exchange Exposures”, respectively, in the section headed
“Management Discussion and Analysis” of this report on pages 15 to 19 and pages 20 to 22,
respectively.

Environmental Policies and Performance

The Group is committed to promoting environmentally friendly business practices and raising
awareness on the conservation of natural resources. By utilizing intranet systems, our staff can
accomplish some of their administrative work electronically which reduces the use of office supplies.
We also encourage prudent electricity consumption. Our staff are advised to switch off any lights in
unoccupied areas. We believe that taking active measures in minimizing wasteful material and
energy consumption in the course of conducting our business will not only bring economic benefits
but also assist in the preservation of the natural environment.




24    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Compliance with Laws and Regulations

The Group recognizes the importance of compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. Internal
compliance and risk management policies and procedures are in place to ensure the Group’s
adherence and compliance with all significant and applicable legal and regulatory requirements in
Hong Kong and the PRC. During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, to the best
knowledge of the Directors, the Group has complied in all material respects with the applicable laws
and regulations of Hong Kong and the PRC which have a significant impact on the business and
operations of the Group, including in respect of its principal businesses (namely the pharmaceutical
direct sales business, pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business and healthcare and digital
services business), its employment and labor practices and environmental protection, etc. The Group
has also obtained all licenses, approvals and permits from the relevant regulatory authorities that
are material for its business operations in the PRC.

Relationships with Key Stakeholders

The Group’s success depends on the support from the key stakeholders which include its employees,
customers and suppliers.

Employees

Employees are regarded as the most important and valuable assets of the Group. The number of
full-time employees of the Group as at March 31, 2025 was 1,364 (1,435 as at March 31, 2024). The
Group’s policy is to maintain a competitive pay structure and employees are rewarded based on
their performance and with appropriate incentives including cash bonuses and through the use of
the 2014 Share Award Scheme and 2024 Share Award Scheme, details of which are set out under
the paragraph headed “Share Award Schemes” in the section headed “Directors’ Report” of this
report on pages 31 to 40.

Customers

The Group believes that effective communications are the key to maintaining a good relationship
with its customers. Various means have been established to strengthen the communications between
the Group and its customers, including seeking more regular feedback through direct engagement
with customers and also through industry seminars and forums for better understanding of industry
trends and demands. The Group continually strives to improve service quality and to provide better
customer experience.

Suppliers

Sound relationships with key suppliers of the Group are important in managing the supply chain,
meeting business challenges and complying with regulatory requirements, which can drive cost
effectiveness and foster long-term business benefits. We seek to develop long-standing relationships
with our key suppliers and to explore with them ways to improve supply chain efficiencies.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   25
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the Reporting Period (for the
Corresponding Period: Nil).

The Group is not aware of any arrangement under which a Shareholder has waived or agreed to
waive any dividend.


SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION
A summary of the published results and assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group
for the last five financial years, as extracted from the audited financial statements and restated as
appropriate, is set out on page 218. This summary does not form part of the audited financial
statements.


SHARE CAPITAL, SHARE OPTIONS AND RSUS
Details of movements in the Company’s share capital, share options and RSUs during the Reporting
Period are set out in notes 28 to 29 to the consolidated financial statements.


PURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE
COMPANY
During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, redeemed
or sold any of the Company’s listed securities (including any sale of treasury shares), except that in
April and November 2024, a trustee of the 2014 Share Award Scheme purchased a total of
12,697,000 ordinary shares of the Company (the “Shares”) on the market for a total consideration of
approximately HK$43,693,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB39,931,000), to satisfy the share
awards granted under the 2014 Share Award Scheme to the employees of the Company upon
vesting.

As at March 31, 2025, there were no treasury shares held by the Company.




26    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                   DIRECTORS’ REPORT

ISSUE FOR CASH OF EQUITY SECURITIES
Placing of New Shares under General Mandate

On August 5, 2020, the Company entered into a placing agreement (the “Placing Agreement”) with
Citigroup Global Markets Limited and Credit Suisse (Hong Kong) Limited (the “Placing Agents”) in
relation to the placing of an aggregate of 498,753,118 new ordinary shares of the Company (the
“Placing Share(s)”) at the placing price of HK$20.05 per Placing Share (exclusive of brokerage,
transaction levy of the Securities and Futures Commission and trading fee of the Stock Exchange
payable by the purchasers) (the “Placing Price”) on the terms and conditions set out in the Placing
Agreement (the “Placing”). The aggregate nominal value of the Placing Shares was
HK$4,987,531.18. The Placing Price of HK$20.05 per Placing Share represents (i) a discount of
approximately 8.03% to the closing price of HK$21.80 per share as quoted on the Stock Exchange on
August 4, 2020, being the last trading day immediately prior to the date of the Placing Agreement;
and (ii) a discount of approximately 6.18% to the average closing price of HK$21.37 per share as
quoted on the Stock Exchange for the last five consecutive trading days up to and including August
4, 2020, being the date immediately prior to the date of the Placing Agreement. As stated in the
daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange, on August 5, 2020, being the date which the
Placing Agreement was entered into, the closing price per share was HK$21.25. The Group
conducted the Placing based on its insights into, and optimism for the prospects of, the Internet
healthcare industry, as well as the need for the Group to further develop its healthcare business and
continue its rapid development. The Group viewed the Placing as an opportunity for the Group to
raise capital while broadening its shareholder and capital base.

The Placing was completed on August 12, 2020 (the “Completion Date”), where a total of
498,753,118 new ordinary shares of the Company, representing approximately 3.71% of the total
issued share capital of the Company as at the Completion Date (as enlarged by the allotment and
issue of the Placing Shares), have been successfully placed to not less than six placees at a price of
HK$20.05 per Placing Share who are professional, institutional and/or individual investors. The
Placing Shares were allotted and issued under the general mandate granted by the Shareholders at
the annual general meeting of the Company held on July 30, 2020.

The aggregate gross proceeds from the Placing amount to approximately HK$10,000.0 million and
the aggregate net proceeds (after deduction of the commissions and expenses relating to the
Placing) from the Placing amount to approximately HK$9,964.2 million (the “Placing Net Proceeds”),
representing a net issue price of approximately HK$19.98 per Placing Share. For further details of the
Placing, please refer to the announcements of the Company dated August 5, 2020 and August 12,
2020 (the “Placing Announcements”).




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   27
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

As at March 31, 2025, the Group had applied the Placing Net Proceeds as follows:

                                                    Planned use of                    Total
                                                        Placing Net             amount of
                                                       Proceeds as             Placing Net            Actual use of
                                                          disclosed               Proceeds              Placing Net
                                                     in the Placing          utilized as at        Proceeds for the Unutilized Placing
Use of Placing Net Proceeds                        Announcements            March 31, 2024         Reporting Period     Net Proceeds


Develop the Group’s pharmaceutical                  Approximately                 HK$7,424.1             HK$1,045.4                 —
  and healthcare omni-channel                  HK$7,971.4 million—                   million                million
  business and medical and healthcare           HK$8,967.8 million
  services business


Further develop the Group’s digital                   Approximately               HK$1,092.1              HK$402.6                  —
  infrastructure and innovative                  HK$996.4 million—                       million             million
  business                                       HK$1,992.8 million


Save as disclosed above and the Options exercised by the relevant grantees under the 2014 Share
Award Scheme as disclosed in this report, the Company had not issued any equity securities
(including securities convertible into equity securities) or sold any treasury shares for cash for the
Reporting Period and no other proceeds has been brought forward from any issue of securities or
sale of treasury shares for cash as at March 31, 2025.


DEBENTURES
During the Reporting Period, the Company did not issue any debentures.


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS
During the Reporting Period, the Company did not enter into any equity-linked agreements in
respect of its shares.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS
There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s bye-laws or the laws of
Bermuda which would oblige the Company to offer new Shares on a pro rata basis to the existing
Shareholders.


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES
The Company did not have any reserves available for distribution at the end of the Reporting Period.
However, the Company’s share premium account, in the amount of approximately
RMB51,516,392,000, may be distributed in the form of fully paid bonus Shares.




28      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS
During the Reporting Period, sales to the Group’s five largest customers accounted for less than 30%
of the total sales for the year, and purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for
less than 30% of the total purchases for the year.


ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE
For the purpose of disclosing the environmental, social and governance (the “ESG”) information in
accordance with the ESG Reporting Guide in Appendix C2 to the Rules Governing the Listing of
Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) (the “Listing
Rules”), the Company has engaged an external consultant to identify material ESG issues of the
Group and assist in the reporting of the Group’s performance based on its ESG management
approach, strategy, priorities and objectives. For details of the Company’s ESG policies and
performance and its compliance with the relevant laws and regulations, please refer to pages 24 to
25 of this report.


DIRECTORS
The Directors during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report were:

Executive Directors:

Mr. ZHU Shunyan (Chairman) (re-designated to a non-executive Director with effect from
  September 1, 2024)
Mr. SHEN Difan (Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. TU Yanwu

Non-executive Directors:

Mr. ZHU Shunyan (Chairman) (re-designated to a non-executive Director with effect from
  September 1, 2024)
Ms. HUANG Jiaojiao
Mr. XU Haipeng

Independent Non-executive Directors:

Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa)
Dr. SHAO Rong
Ms. WU May Yihong




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   29
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Since the date of the annual report on May 27, 2024 for the Corresponding Period and up to the
date of this report, the changes to the information which are required to be disclosed pursuant to
paragraphs (a) to (e) and (g) of Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules is as below:

With effect from September 1, 2024, Mr. ZHU Shunyan has been re-designated from an executive
Director to a non-executive Director. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company
dated August 30, 2024.

Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa) has been a member of the InnoHK Steering Committee since February
2023. With effect from November 2024, she has also been appointed as a member of Steering
Committee of the Research, Academic and Industry Sectors One-plus Scheme (the “RAISe+
Scheme”). The Steering Committee is set up to advise the Hong Kong government on the
implementation of the RAISe+ Scheme, and make recommendations to the Commissioner for
Innovation and Technology on approval of applications under the RAISe+ Scheme.

Dr. SHAO Rong was appointed as an independent director of Shanghai InnoStar Bio-tech Co., Ltd., a
company which was listed on the Science and Technology Innovation Board of Shanghai Stock
Exchange on September 3, 2024 (stock code: 688710).

Save as disclosed above, there were no other changes in information in respect of Directors and
chief executive which are required to be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51B(1) of the Listing Rules.

In accordance with bye-law 84(1) and (2) of the bye-laws of the Company (the “Bye-Laws”),
Mr. Shen Difan, Mr. Zhu Shunyan and Ms. Huang Jiaojiao will retire at the forthcoming annual
general meeting of the Company (the “2025 AGM”). All of them being eligible, will offer themselves
for re-election at the 2025 AGM.

The non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors are appointed for a term of
one year. Their appointment shall be renewable automatically for successive terms of one year each
commencing from the next day after the expiry of the then current term of their appointment unless
terminated by the Company in accordance with the terms of their appointment letters and the
provisions of the Bye-Laws, respectively.

During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, (i) the Company had three
independent non-executive Directors representing at least one-third of the Board; and (ii) the
composition of each of the Board, the Audit Committee and the Remuneration Committee was fully
compliant with Rule 3.10(1), Rule 3.10A, Rule 3.21 and Rule 3.25 of the Listing Rules. The Company
has received, from each of the independent non-executive Directors, an annual confirmation of his or
her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and accordingly considers them to be
independent.




30    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S BIOGRAPHIES
Biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Group are set out on pages
70 to 74 of this report.


DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS
No Director proposed for re-election at the 2025 AGM has a service contract with the Company which
is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation, other than
statutory compensation.


DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION
The emoluments of the Directors are determined having regard to the Company’s operating results,
individual performance and comparable market statistics. The details of the Directors’ emoluments
are set out in note 7 to the consolidated financial statements in this report. During the Reporting
Period, there was no arrangement under which a Director waived or agreed to waive any
remuneration and no remuneration was paid by the Group to a Director as an inducement to join or
upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

The Directors are also eligible to be granted share awards under the 2014 Share Award Scheme and
2024 Share Award Scheme. The details of the schemes are set out in the paragraph headed “Share
Award Schemes” in the section headed “Directors’ Report” of this report on pages 31 to 40 and
note 29 to the consolidated financial statements.


SHARE AWARD SCHEMES
The Company adopted the 2014 Share Award Scheme as approved by the shareholders of the
Company on November 24, 2014 and amended on August 11, 2023, which was terminated upon the
adoption of 2024 Share Award Scheme with effect from August 30, 2024. No further share award has
been or may be offered or granted under the 2014 Share Award Scheme since its termination but in
all other respects its terms shall remain in full force and effect. Further, the outstanding Options and
RSUs granted pursuant to the 2014 Share Award Scheme, which remain unvested or which have
vested but not yet been exercised or in respect of which shares not yet issued to the participants at
the time of its termination, shall remain in full force and effect.

The Company has adopted the 2024 Share Award Scheme pursuant to Chapter 17 of the Listing
Rules on August 30, 2024 (the “Adoption Date”), the terms of which are largely similar in material
respects to the terms of the 2014 Share Award Scheme to ensure the consistent practice of share
awards of the Group (the “Share Awards”). For further details, please refer to the circular of the
Company dated July 30, 2024.




                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   31
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

The following is a summary of the principal terms of the 2014 Share Award Scheme and the 2024
Share Award Scheme:

                                           2014 Share Award Scheme                      2024 Share Award Scheme


1.   Purpose                               To enable the Company to grant Share Awards (which may take the
                                           form of an Option and/or an RSU) to eligible Participants, as
                                           incentives and/or rewards for their contribution to the Group, to
                                           reward the personnel who have contributed to the development and
                                           success of the Group, to incentivize them to remain with the Group, to
                                           motivate them to strive for the future development and expansion of
                                           the Group and to attract skilled and experienced personnel for further
                                           development and expansion of the Group by providing them with the
                                           opportunity to acquire equity interests in the Company.

2.   Participants                          The participants under the 2014 Share Award Scheme and the 2024
                                           Share Award Scheme (the “Eligible Participants”) shall include:

                                           (i)   directors and full-time and part-time employees of the Group
                                                 (including persons who are granted Share Awards as an
                                                 inducement to enter into employment contracts with any member
                                                 of the Group);

                                           (ii) directors and employees of the holding companies, fellow
                                                subsidiaries or associated companies of the Company (including
                                                Alibaba Group); and

                                           (iii) any persons who provide services to the Group on a continuing or
                                                 recurring basis in its ordinary and usual course of business that
                                                 are beneficial to the long-term development of the Group (the
                                                 “Service Providers”), including: (a) suppliers of services to any
                                                 member of the Group; and (b) advisors (professional or
                                                 otherwise) or consultants to any area of business or business
                                                 development of any member of the Group. For the avoidance of
                                                 doubt, the Service Providers shall exclude placing agents or
                                                 financial advisers providing advisory services to the Group for
                                                 fundraising, mergers or acquisitions and professional service
                                                 providers such as auditors or valuers who provide assurance or
                                                 are required to perform their services to the Group with
                                                 impartiality and objectivity.

                                           The eligibility of any of the participants shall be determined by the
                                           Board from time to time on the basis of the Board’s opinion as to
                                           his/her contribution and/or future contribution to the development
                                           and growth of the Group.




32     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                      DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                                  2014 Share Award Scheme                        2024 Share Award Scheme


3.   Total number of shares       As at the date of this report, the             The total number of Shares that
     available for issue under    total number of shares available               may be issued in respect of the
     the scheme together          for issue (being the Options and               Share Awards granted under the
     with the percentage of       RSUs granted and remained                      2024 Share Award Scheme shall
     the issued shares            outstanding) under the 2014                    not exceed 10% of the Shares in
     (excluding treasury          Share Award Scheme was                         issue as at the date of adoption of
     shares) that it represents   139,612,447 Shares which                       the 2024 Share Award Scheme (i.e.
     as at the date of this       represented approximately                      1,609,173,626 Shares) (the
     report                       0.87% of the total number of                   “Scheme Mandate Limit”) or 10%
                                  ordinary shares of the Company                 of the Shares in issue as at the
                                  in issue as at the date of this                date of approving any refreshed
                                  report.                                        scheme mandate limit.

                                                                                 The total number of Shares that
                                                                                 may be issued in respect of the
                                                                                 Share Awards granted to the
                                                                                 Service Providers under the 2024
                                                                                 Share Award Scheme shall not
                                                                                 exceed 1% of the Shares in issue
                                                                                 as at the date of adoption of the
                                                                                 2024 Share Award Scheme (i.e.
                                                                                 160,917,362 Shares) (the “Service
                                                                                 Provider Sublimit”) or 1% of the
                                                                                 Shares in issue as at the date of
                                                                                 approving any refreshed Service
                                                                                 Provider Sublimit.

                                                                                 As at the date of this report, the
                                                                                 total number of shares available
                                                                                 for issue under the 2024 Share
                                                                                 Award Scheme was 1,609,132,826
                                                                                 Shares which represented
                                                                                 approximately 9.98% of the total
                                                                                 number of ordinary shares of the
                                                                                 Company in issue as at the date of
                                                                                 this report.




                                            ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   33
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                                           2014 Share Award Scheme                      2024 Share Award Scheme


4.   Maximum entitlement of                The maximum number of Shares                 The maximum number of Shares
     each participant                      issued and to be issued and/or               issued and to be issued (and,
                                           transferred and to be                        together with the treasury Shares
                                           transferred upon the vesting or              to be transferred, as applicable)
                                           exercise of the Share Awards                 upon the vesting or exercise of the
                                           granted to each Eligible                     Share Awards granted to each
                                           Participant pursuant to the Share            Eligible Participant pursuant to the
                                           Award Scheme (including all                  Share Award Scheme (including all
                                           vested, exercised and                        vested, exercised and outstanding
                                           outstanding Share Awards and                 Share Awards and excluding all
                                           excluding all Share Awards                   Share Awards lapsed in
                                           lapsed in accordance with the                accordance with the terms of the
                                           terms of the 2014 Share Award                2024 Share Award Scheme) in any
                                           Scheme) in any 12-month period               12-month period up to and
                                           up to and including the date of              including the date of grant shall
                                           grant shall not (when                        not (when aggregated with any
                                           aggregated with any Shares                   Shares underlying the awards
                                           underlying the awards granted                granted during such period
                                           during such period pursuant to               pursuant to any other share award
                                           any other share award schemes                schemes of the Company) exceed
                                           of the Company) exceed 1% of                 1% of the Shares in issue as at the
                                           the Shares in issue as at the                date of grant. Any further grant of
                                           date of grant. Any further grant             options in excess of this 1% limit
                                           of options in excess of this 1%              must be separately approved by
                                           limit must be separately                     Shareholders in general meeting
                                           approved by Shareholders in                  with such Eligible Participant and
                                           general meeting with such                    his/her close associates (or his/her
                                           Eligible Participant and his/her             associates if the Participant is a
                                           close associates (or his/her                 connected person) abstaining from
                                           associates if the Participant is a           voting. The Company must send a
                                           connected person) abstaining                 circular to Shareholders containing
                                           from voting. The Company must                the relevant information as
                                           send a circular to Shareholders              required under the Listing Rules.
                                           containing the relevant
                                           information as required under
                                           the Listing Rules.




34     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                               2014 Share Award Scheme                       2024 Share Award Scheme


5.   Exercise period of        An Option may be exercised at any time during the period to be
     Options                   determined by the Board and notified to the grantee in the offer
                               made to such grantee by notice (the “Notice of Grant”), which period
                               shall commence on the vesting date and shall expire no later than
                               ten years from the date of grant or such other period as may be
                               determined by the Board in accordance with the terms of the 2014
                               Share Award Scheme or the 2024 Share Award Scheme (as the case
                               may be) and the terms on which the Option was granted.

6.   Vesting period of Share   The Board or the remuneration committee of the Company (the
     Awards                    “Remuneration Committee”) (as the case may be) is entitled to
                               impose any terms and conditions as it deems appropriate in its
                               absolute discretion with respect to the entitlement and/or vesting of
                               the Share Awards provided that the vesting period for the Share
                               Awards shall not be less than 12 months unless under the specific
                               circumstances as set out below: (a) granting Share Awards to new
                               employees to replace the share awards they forfeited (the “Forfeited
                               Awards”) when leaving their previous employers. The vesting period
                               for such Share Awards will be the same as the vesting period of the
                               Forfeited Awards (which may be less than 12 months); (b) granting
                               Share Awards to an Eligible Participant whose employment or service
                               (as the case may be) was terminated due to death, disability or event
                               of force majeure; (c) granting Share Awards which are subject to the
                               fulfilment of performance targets (as opposed to time-based
                               conditions); (d) granting Share Awards the timing of which is
                               determined by administrative or compliance requirements not
                               connected with the performance of the Eligible Participant, in which
                               case the vesting date may be adjusted to take account of the date on
                               which an offer of a Share Award is made to the Eligible Participant, if
                               not for such administrative or compliance requirements; (e) granting
                               Share Awards with a mixed vesting schedule such that the Share
                               Awards would vest evenly over a period of 12 months; or (f) granting
                               Share Awards with a total vesting and holding period of more than
                               12 months.

7.   Consideration for         The Company may, in its discretion, require the grantee to pay a
     acceptance                remittance of HK$1.00 (or such other amount in any other currency as
                               the Board may determine) as consideration for the grant of a Share
                               Award within the time period as set out in the Notice of Grant. Such
                               remittance is not refundable in any circumstances.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   35
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                                           2014 Share Award Scheme                      2024 Share Award Scheme


8.   Basis of determining the              The exercise price of an Option shall be determined at the date of
     exercise price of Options             grant by the Board in its absolute discretion but in any event shall not
     and purchase price of                 be less than the highest of: (a) the closing price of the Shares as
     Share Awards                          stated in the daily quotations sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on
                                           the date of grant, which must be a business day; (b) the average
                                           closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotation sheets
                                           issued by the Stock Exchange for the five Business Days immediately
                                           preceding the date of grant; and (c) the nominal value of the Share.

                                           The Board and the Remuneration Committee may determine and
                                           specify the purchase price of the RSUs (if any) in the Notice of Grant,
                                           which shall be based on considerations such as the prevailing market
                                           price of the Shares, the purpose of the RSU and the characteristics
                                           and profile of the relevant Participant.

9.   Remaining life                        The 2014 Share Award Scheme                  The 2024 Share Award Scheme
                                           was terminated upon adoption                 shall be valid and effective for a
                                           of the 2024 Share Award                      period of ten (10) years
                                           Scheme with effect from August               commencing from the Adoption
                                           30, 2024.                                    Date, which shall remain in effect
                                                                                        until August 29, 2034.

As at April 1, 2024, Share Awards in respect of a total of 1,340,537,307 and 135,332,785 underlying
shares, which represent approximately 8.33% and 0.84% of the Company’s total issued shares as at
April 1, 2024, remained available to be granted under the scheme mandate limit and the service
provider sublimit regulated under the 2014 Share Award Scheme, respectively.

As the 2014 Share Award Scheme was terminated on August 30, 2024, no further Share Awards
may be offered or granted but in all other respects the terms of the 2014 Share Award Scheme
shall remain in full force and effect. Accordingly, with effect from the adoption of the 2024 Share
Award Scheme, the number of share award available for grant under the then available scheme
mandate under the 2014 Share Award Scheme was nil.

As at March 31, 2025, Share Awards in respect of a total of 1,601,341,326 and 160,917,362
underlying Shares, which represent approximately 9.95% and 1.00% of the Company’s total issued
shares as at March 31, 2025, remain available to be granted under the Scheme Mandate Limit and
Service Provider Sublimit, respectively under the 2024 Share Award Scheme.

The number of shares of the Company that may be issued (and, together with treasury shares that
may be transferred, as applicable) in respect of the Options and RSUs granted under the 2014
Share Award Scheme and the 2024 Share Award Scheme during the Reporting Period divided by
the weighted average number of the shares of the Company in issue (excluding treasury shares)
for the Reporting Period is 0.53%.



36     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Details of the Options and RSUs granted during the Reporting Period and/or outstanding as at
March 31, 2025 under the 2014 Share Award Scheme are as below:

                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Number of
                                Number of                                                                                                                                                                                     shares
                                    shares                                                                                                                                                                               represented
                            represented by                                                                                                                                                      Options or                by Options
                           Options or RSUs                                                                                                                                                            RSUs                   or RSUs
                               outstanding                                                                                                                                           Options       lapsed/        RSUs outstanding
Name of Option                        as at   Date of grant/        Granted during                                                                                                 exercised     cancelled       vested         as at
holders/grantees                 March 31,    conditional            the Reporting                                                                         Purchase    Exercise   during the    during the   during the March 31,
of RSU           Nature               2024    grant                         Period   Vesting period           Exercise period         Performance target       price      price     period(3)       period     period(3)        2025
                                                                                                                                                              (HK$)      (HK$)


Mr. SHEN Difan   Options           336,750    June 15, 2021                     —    Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                       Nil    18.212             —            —            —       336,750
                                                                                        June 15, 2021            June 15, 2021
                 Options          1,062,750   June 15, 2022                     —    Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                       Nil     4.920             —            —            —      1,062,750
                                                                                        June 15, 2022            June 15, 2022
                 Options          1,302,750   June 15, 2023                     —    Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                       Nil     5.160             —            —            —      1,302,750
                                                                                        June 15, 2023            June 15, 2023
                 Options                 —    June 14, 2024(1)(2)        1,959,200   Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                       Nil     3.720             —            —            —      1,959,200
                                                                                        June 14, 2024            June 14, 2024
                 RSUs               67,350    June 15, 2021                     —    Within four years from   —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —        33,675       33,675
                                                                                        June 15, 2021
                 RSUs              318,825    June 15, 2022                     —    Within four years from   —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —       106,275      212,550
                                                                                        June 15, 2022
                 RSUs              521,100    June 15, 2023                     —    Within four years from   —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —       130,275      390,825
                                                                                        June 15, 2023
                 RSUs                    —    June 14, 2024(1)(2)          783,700   Within four years        —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —            —       783,700
                                                                                        from June 14, 2024
Total            Options         2,702,250    —                         1,959,200    —                        —                       —                           —          —             —            —            —     4,661,450
                 RSUs              907,275    —                           783,700    —                        —                       —                           —          —             —            —      270,225     1,420,750

Mr. TU Yanwu     Options           145,000    June 15, 2020                     —    Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                       Nil    19.940             —            —            —       145,000
                                                                                        June 15, 2020            June 15, 2020
                 Options            67,250    June 15, 2021                     —    Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                       Nil    18.212             —            —            —        67,250
                                                                                        June 15, 2021            June 15, 2021
                 Options           283,250    June 15, 2022                     —    Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                       Nil     4.920             —            —            —       283,250
                                                                                        June 15, 2022            June 15, 2022
                 Options           255,750    June 15, 2023                     —    Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                       Nil     5.160             —            —            —       255,750
                                                                                        June 15, 2023            June 15, 2023
                 RSUs               14,500    June 15, 2020                     —    Within four years from   —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —        14,500            —
                                                                                        June 15, 2020
                 RSUs               13,450    June 15, 2021                     —    Within four years from   —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —         6,725         6,725
                                                                                        June 15, 2021
                 RSUs               84,975    June 15, 2022                     —    Within four years from   —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —        28,325       56,650
                                                                                        June 15, 2022
                 RSUs              102,300    June 15, 2023                     —    Within four years from   —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —        25,575       76,725
                                                                                        June 15, 2023
                 RSUs                    —    June 14, 2024(1)(2)          696,600   Within four years from   —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —            —       696,600
                                                                                        June 14, 2024
Total            Options           751,250    —                                 —    —                        —                       —                           —          —             —            —            —       751,250
                 RSUs              215,225    —                           696,600    —                        —                       —                           —          —             —            —       75,125       836,700

Mr. ZHU Shunyan Options           2,900,000   June 15, 2020                     —    Within six years from    Within ten years from   None                       Nil    19.940             —            —            —      2,900,000
                                                                                        June 15, 2020            June 15, 2020
                 Options           421,250    June 15, 2021                     —    Within six years from    Within ten years from   None                       Nil    18.212             —            —            —       421,250
                                                                                        June 15, 2021            June 15, 2021
                 Options          1,290,125   June 15, 2022                     —    Within six years from    Within ten years from   None                       Nil     4.920             —            —            —      1,290,125
                                                                                        June 15, 2022            June 15, 2022
                 Options          1,381,250   June 15, 2023                     —    Within six years from    Within ten years from   None                       Nil     5.160             —            —            —      1,381,250
                                                                                        June 15, 2023            June 15, 2023
                 Options                 —    June 14, 2024(1)(2)        1,741,500   Within six years from    Within ten years from   None                       Nil     3.720             —            —            —      1,741,500
                                                                                        June 14, 2024            June 14, 2024
                 RSUs              125,000    June 15, 2020                     —    Within six years from    —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —       125,000            —
                                                                                        June 15, 2020
                 RSUs              112,334    June 15, 2021                     —    Within six years from    —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —        28,083       84,251
                                                                                        June 15, 2021
                 RSUs              430,041    June 15, 2022                     —    Within six years from    —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —        86,009      344,032
                                                                                        June 15, 2022
                 RSUs              552,500    June 15, 2023                     —    Within six years from    —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —        92,084      460,416
                                                                                        June 15, 2023
                 RSUs                    —    June 14, 2024(1)(2)          696,600   Within six years from    —                       None                       Nil         —             —            —            —       696,600
                                                                                        June 14, 2024
Total            Options         5,992,625    —                         1,741,500    —                        —                       —                           —          —             —            —            —     7,734,125
                 RSUs            1,219,875    —                           696,600    —                        —                       —                           —          —             —            —      331,176     1,585,299




                                                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report                                                  37
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Number of
                                  Number of                                                                                                                                                                                   shares
                                      shares                                                                                                                                                                             represented
                              represented by                                                                                                                                                    Options or                by Options
                             Options or RSUs                                                                                                                                                          RSUs                   or RSUs
                                 outstanding                                                                                                                                         Options       lapsed/        RSUs outstanding
Name of Option                          as at   Date of grant/      Granted during                                                                                                 exercised     cancelled       vested         as at
holders/grantees                   March 31,    conditional          the Reporting                                                                         Purchase    Exercise   during the    during the   during the March 31,
of RSU           Nature                 2024    grant                       Period   Vesting period           Exercise period         Performance target       price      price     period(3)       period     period(3)        2025
                                                                                                                                                              (HK$)      (HK$)


Three of the five Options            134,750    June 15, 2021                   —    Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                       Nil    18.212             —            —            —       134,750
   highest paid                                                                         June 15, 2021            June 15, 2021
   employees of Options             1,140,500   June 15, 2022                   —    Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                       Nil     4.920       304,626            —            —       835,874
   the Group                                                                            June 15, 2022            June 15, 2022
                  Options            443,000    June 15, 2023                   —    Over one to four years   Within ten years from   None                       Nil     5.160             —            —            —       443,000
                                                                                        from June 15, 2023       June 15, 2023
                  RSUs               102,400    June 15, 2021                   —    Within four years from   —                       None                        —          —             —            —        51,200       51,200
                                                                                        June 15, 2021
                  RSUs               342,150    June 15, 2022                   —    Within four years from   —                       None                        —          —             —            —       114,050      228,100
                                                                                        June 15, 2022
                  RSUs               698,300    June 15, 2023                   —    Within four years from   —                       None                        —          —             —            —       174,575      523,725
                                                                                        June 15, 2023
                  RSUs                     —    June 14, 2024            5,990,900   Within four years from   —                       None                        —          —             —            —            —      5,990,900
                                                                                        June 14, 2024
Total             Options          1,718,250    —                               —    —                        —                       —                           —          —      304,626             —            —     1,413,624
                  RSUs             1,142,850    —                       5,990,900    —                        —                       —                           —          —            —             —      339,825     6,793,925

Employees of the Options             508,000    September 7, 2015               —    From October 10, 2015    Within ten years from   None                       Nil     5.184        25,000            —            —       483,000
  Group                                                                                 to October 10, 2019      September 7, 2015
  (including       Options           152,000    April 28, 2016                  —    From October 10, 2017    Within ten years from   None                       Nil     5.320             —        20,000           —       132,000
  employees of                                                                          to April 30, 2020        April 28, 2016
  the affiliate of Options          1,661,500   July 29, 2016                   —    From October 10, 2016    Within ten years from   None                       Nil     5.558       120,000      726,000            —       815,500
  the Group                                                                             to July 31, 2020         July 29, 2016
  and three of Options               592,500    February 2, 2017                —    From January 31, 2019    Within ten years from   None                       Nil     3.626       368,500      152,000            —        72,000
  the five                                                                              to January 31, 2021      February 2, 2017
  highest paid Options               734,250    August 3, 2017                  —    From July 31, 2018       Within ten years from   None                       Nil     3.686        65,500      251,500            —       417,250
  employees of                                                                          to July 31, 2021         August 3, 2017
  the Group)
                   Options           162,000    October 10, 2017                —    From October 10, 2018    Within ten years from   None                       Nil     4.400        19,750        72,250           —        70,000
                                                                                        to October 10, 2021      October 10, 2017
                  Options            347,000    February 1, 2018                —    From October 10, 2019    Within ten years from   None                       Nil     4.144        90,000      257,000            —             —
                                                                                        to January 31, 2022      February 1, 2018
                  Options           1,421,125   June 15, 2020                   —    Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                       Nil    19.940             —      193,625            —      1,227,500
                                                                                        June 15, 2020            June 15, 2020
                  Options            119,000    September 15,                   —    Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                       Nil    18.660             —            —            —       119,000
                                                   2020                                 September 15, 2020       September 15, 2020
                  Options            753,750    June 15, 2021                   —    Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                       Nil    18.212             —        84,250           —       669,500
                                                                                        June 15, 2021            June 15, 2021
                  Options            750,000    March 15, 2022                  —    Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                       Nil     4.240             —      187,500            —       562,500
                                                                                        March 15, 2022           March 15, 2022
                  Options           3,857,344   June 15, 2022                   —    Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                       Nil     4.920       304,626     1,526,657           —      2,026,061
                                                                                        June 15, 2022            June 15, 2022
                  Options           3,222,750   June 15, 2023                   —    Over one to four years   Within ten years from   None                       Nil     5.160        69,625     1,048,687           —      2,104,438
                                                                                        from June 15, 2023       June 15, 2023
                  Options           2,527,500   September 15,                   —    Over one to four years   Within ten years from   None                       Nil     4.680             —     2,527,500           —             —
                                                   2023                                 from September 15,       September 15, 2023
                                                                                        2023
                  Options            207,900    December 15,                    —    Within three years and   Within ten years from   None                       Nil     4.380        51,975            —            —       155,925
                                                   2023                                 nine months from         December 15, 2023
                                                                                        December 15, 2023
                  RSUs              2,130,500   June 15, 2020                   —    Within four years from   —                       None                       Nil         —             —        64,000    2,066,500            —
                                                                                        June 15, 2020
                  RSUs               610,251    September 15,                   —    Within four years from   —                       None                       Nil         —             —        57,532      552,719            —
                                                   2020                                 September 15, 2020
                  RSUs               271,237    December 15,                    —    Within four years from   —                       None                       Nil         —             —      141,750       129,487            —
                                                   2020                                 December 15, 2020
                  RSUs               125,750    March 15, 2021                  —    Within four years from   —                       None                       Nil         —             —        42,750       83,000            —
                                                                                        March 15, 2021
                  RSUs              5,606,100   June 15, 2021                   —    Within four years from   —                       None                       Nil         —             —      610,400     2,696,700     2,299,000
                                                                                        June 15, 2021
                  RSUs              2,942,986   September 15,                   —    Within four years from   —                       None                       Nil         —             —      795,525     1,224,786      922,675
                                                   2021                                 September 15, 2021
                  RSUs               273,000    December 15,                    —    Within four years from   —                       None                       Nil         —             —        56,500      108,250      108,250
                                                   2021                                 December 15, 2021
                  RSUs               632,500    March 15, 2022                  —    Within four years from   —                       None                       Nil         —             —      240,000       303,750       88,750
                                                                                        March 15, 2022




38              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                                                                                      DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Number of
                                Number of                                                                                                                                                                                 shares
                                    shares                                                                                                                                                                           represented
                            represented by                                                                                                                                                  Options or                by Options
                           Options or RSUs                                                                                                                                                        RSUs                   or RSUs
                               outstanding                                                                                                                                       Options       lapsed/        RSUs outstanding
Name of Option                        as at   Date of grant/        Granted during                                                                                             exercised     cancelled       vested         as at
holders/grantees                 March 31,    conditional            the Reporting                                                                     Purchase    Exercise   during the    during the   during the March 31,
of RSU           Nature               2024    grant                         Period   Vesting period             Exercise period   Performance target       price      price     period(3)       period     period(3)        2025
                                                                                                                                                          (HK$)      (HK$)


                 RSUs           33,787,423    June 15, 2022                     —    Within four years from     —                 None                       Nil         —             —     5,012,147   10,935,352    17,839,924
                                                                                        June 15, 2022
                 RSUs             2,793,775   September 15,                     —    Within one to four years   —                 None                       Nil         —             —       254,525      878,350     1,660,900
                                                 2022                                   from September 15,
                                                                                        2022
                 RSUs              245,000    December 15,                      —    Within four years from     —                 None                       Nil         —             —       105,000       95,000       45,000
                                                 2022                                   December 15, 2022
                 RSUs              205,000    March 15, 2023                    —    Over one to four years     —                 None                       Nil         —             —        67,500       87,500       50,000
                                                                                        from March 15, 2023
                 RSUs           40,050,636    June 15, 2023                     —    Over one to four years     —                 None                       Nil         —             —     6,568,225    9,449,586    24,032,825
                                                                                        from June 15, 2023
                 RSUs             2,836,423   September 15,                     —    Over one to four years     —                 50% of the RSUs            Nil         —             —     1,156,250      929,673      750,500
                                                 2023                                   from September 15,                          granted to a
                                                                                        2023                                        grantee are
                                                                                                                                    subject to
                                                                                                                                    performance
                                                                                                                                    target
                 RSUs             4,435,100   December 15,                      —    Within four years/three    —                 None                       Nil         —             —     1,759,900      458,525     2,216,675
                                                 2023                                   years and nine
                                                                                        months from
                                                                                        December 15, 2023
                 RSUs             1,929,300   March 15, 2024                    —    Over two to four years     —                 None                       Nil         —             —       255,700           —      1,673,600
                                                                                        from March 15, 2024
                 RSUs                    —    June 14, 2024(1)(2)       71,423,700   Within four years from     —                 None                       Nil         —             —     9,343,600           —     62,080,100
                                                                                        June 14, 2024
Total            Options        17,016,619    —                                 —    —                          —                 —                           —          —    1,114,976      7,046,969            —   8,854,674
                 RSUs           98,874,981    —                        71,423,700    —                          —                 —                           —          —            —     26,531,304   29,999,178 113,768,199


Notes:

(1)      The closing price per share is HK$3.61 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on June 13,
         2024, being the trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(2)      The fair value of the Options as at the date of grant on June 14, 2024 during the Reporting Period was HK$1.87 per share
         of which the methodology and assumptions used for calculation were disclosed in the note 29 (Share-based
         Compensation Costs) to the consolidated financial statements.


         The fair value of the RSUs as at the date of grant on June 14, 2024, during the Reporting Period was HK$3.50 per share.
         The fair value of the RSUs was determined based on the market value of the Company’s shares at the grant date.


(3)      The weighted average closing price of the shares immediately before the dates on which the Options were exercised and
         the RSUs were vested was HK$5.38 and HK$3.45, respectively.




                                                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report                                              39
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

No Option has been granted under the 2024 Share Award Scheme since its adoption and up to
March 31, 2025. Details of the RSUs granted during the Reporting Period and/or outstanding as at
March 31, 2025 under the 2024 Share Award Scheme are as below:

                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Number of
                               Number of                                                                                                                                                                                        shares
                                   shares                                                                                                                                                                                  represented
                           represented by                                                                                                                                                        Options or                 by Options
                          Options or RSUs                                                                                                                                                              RSUs                    or RSUs
                              outstanding                                                                                                                                             Options       lapsed/        RSUs outstanding
Name of Option                       as at   Date of grant/         Granted during                                                                                                  exercised     cancelled       vested          as at
holders/grantees                March 31,    conditional             the Reporting                                                                          Purchase    Exercise   during the    during the   during the March 31,
of RSU           Nature              2024    grant                          Period   Vesting period                  Exercise period   Performance target       price      price     period(3)       period     period (4)
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  2025
                                                                                                                                                               (HK$)      (HK$)


Employees of the RSUs                   —    September 13,               4,047,700   Over one to four years          —                 None                       Nil         —             —        76,600            —     3,971,100
  Group                                         2024(1)(4)                                from September 13,
  (including                                                                              2024
  employees of RSUs                     —    December 13,                2,689,400   (i) In four equal batches       —                 None                       Nil         —             —        40,800            —     2,648,600
  the affiliate of                              2024(2)(4)                                with the 25% of the
  the Group)                                                                              RSUs with the first
                                                                                          batch to vest on
                                                                                          September 15, 2025,
                                                                                          and with each of the
                                                                                          remaining three
                                                                                          batches to vest on
                                                                                          September 15 every
                                                                                          year thereafter; or (ii)
                                                                                          within two to four
                                                                                          years from December
                                                                                          13, 2024
                 RSUs                   —    March 14, 2025(3)(4)        1,095,200   Over two to four years          —                 None                       Nil         —             —            —             —     1,095,200
                                                                                          from March 14, 2025
Total            RSUs                   —    —                          7,832,300    —                               —                 —                           —          —             —      117,400             —     7,714,900


Notes:

(1)      The closing price per share is HK$2.83 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on September
         12, 2024, being the trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(2)      The closing price per share is HK$3.77 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on December
         12, 2024, being the trading day immediately before the date of grant.

(3)      The closing price per share is HK$5.27 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on March 13,
         2025, being the trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(4)      The fair value of the RSUs as at the date of grant on September 13, 2024, December 13, 2024 and March 14, 2025 during
         the Reporting Period was HK$2.79 per share, HK$3.62 per share and HK$5.40 per share, respectively. The fair value of
         the RSUs was determined based on the market value of the Company’s shares at the respective grant date.




40            ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT

DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
As at March 31, 2025, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive in the
share capital and underlying shares of the Company or its associated corporations (within the
meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”), as recorded in the register
required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to
the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by
Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules, were as
follows:

Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company

                                          Number of ordinary shares and underlying shares held,
                                                     capacity and nature of interest
                                                                                                                      Approximate
                                                                                                                        percentage
                                                                                                                             of the
                                                                                             Total interest             Company’s
Name of Director               Nature of interest                                                in shares            share capital


Mr. SHEN Difan                 Beneficial owner and equity derivative                              7,520,468                     0.05%#
                                 interests(1)
Mr. TU Yanwu                   Beneficial owner and equity derivative                              2,398,278                     0.01%#
                                 interests(2)
Mr. ZHU Shunyan                Beneficial owner and equity derivative                             10,783,913                     0.07%#
                                 interests(3)

Notes:

(1)   Mr. SHEN Difan beneficially held 1,438,268 ordinary shares and subject to vesting, is interested in 6,082,200 shares
      underlying 4,661,450 options and 1,420,750 RSUs granted to him in accordance with the 2014 Share Award Scheme.

(2)   Mr. TU Yanwu beneficially held 810,328 ordinary shares and subject to vesting, is interested in 1,587,950 shares underlying
      751,250 options and 836,700 RSUs granted to him in accordance with the 2014 Share Award Scheme.


(3)   Mr. ZHU Shunyan beneficially held 1,464,489 ordinary shares of the Company and subject to vesting, is interested in
      9,319,424 shares underlying 7,734,125 options and 1,585,299 RSUs granted to him in accordance with the 2014 Share
      Award Scheme.

#
      Based on a total of 16,092,851,240 shares of the Company in issue as at March 31, 2025.




                                                    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   41
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Long positions in shares and underlying shares of Alibaba Holding, an associated corporation
of the Company within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO

                                                                                                        Approximate
                                                                                            Number of percentage of
                                                                                               shares/ issued shares
                                                                                            underlying of associated
Name of Director                  Nature of interest                                      shares held*    corporation


Mr. SHEN Difan                    Beneficial owner, equity derivative interests               134,216                0.00%#
                                    and interests of spouse(1)
Mr. TU Yanwu                      Beneficial owner and equity derivative                        17,200               0.00%#
                                    interests(2)
Mr. ZHU Shunyan                   Beneficial owner, equity derivative interests              2,905,696               0.02%#
                                    and interests of spouse(3)
Ms. HUANG Jiaojiao                Beneficial owner, equity derivative interests               269,400                0.00%#
                                    and interests of spouse(4)
Mr. XU Haipeng                    Beneficial owner, equity derivative interests                 87,745               0.00%#
                                    and interests of spouse(5)

Notes:

(1)   These interests represented 26,000* ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares beneficially held by Mr. SHEN Difan and
      108,216* ordinary shares or underlying shares held by his spouse.


(2)   These interests represented 2,150* restricted share units (representing 17,200* ordinary shares or underlying ordinary
      shares) beneficially held by Mr. TU Yanwu.


(3)   These interests represented 2,250,544* ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares and 61,894* restricted share units
      (representing 495,152* ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares) beneficially held by Mr. ZHU Shunyan and
      160,000* ordinary shares or underlying shares held by his spouse.


(4)   These interests represented 63,696* ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares and 25,088* restricted share units
      (representing 200,704* ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares) beneficially held by Ms. HUANG Jiaojiao and
      5,000* ordinary shares or underlying shares held by her spouse.


(5)   These interests represented 14,041* ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares and 8,963* restricted share units
      (representing 71,704* ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares) beneficially held by Mr. XU Haipeng and 2,000*
      ordinary shares or underlying shares held by his spouse.


*     Alibaba Holding approved to effect a one-to-eight share subdivision of its ordinary shares (the “Share Subdivision”) at
      the annual general meeting held on July 15, 2019. The Share Subdivision was effective on July 30, 2019. Accordingly,
      Alibaba Holding has changed its ratio of American depositary shares to ordinary shares from 1:1 to 1:8. The ratio of
      restricted share units to ordinary shares of Alibaba Holding has also changed from 1:1 to 1:8.

#
      Based on a total of 18,998,287,724 ordinary shares of Alibaba Holding in issue as at March 31, 2025.




42       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Save as disclosed above, as at March 31, 2025, none of the Directors and chief executive had
registered an interest or short position in the shares and underlying shares of the Company or any of
its associated corporations that was required to be recorded pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or
as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE
Save as any perceived material interest in transactions between members of Alibaba Group and the
Company due to their role as employees of Alibaba Holding or its subsidiaries as disclosed in the
section headed “Biographical Information of Directors and Senior Management”, none of the
Directors or their connected entities (within the meaning under section 486 of the Company
Ordinance) had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any transaction, arrangement or
contract of significance to the business of the Group to which the Company, its holding company, or
any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party which was subsisting during or at the end
of the Reporting Period.


ARRANGEMENT TO ACQUIRE SHARES AND DEBENTURES
Save as disclosed under the paragraph headed “Share Award Schemes” above, at no time during
the Reporting Period was the Company or its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the
Directors or chief executive of the Company or their spouses or children under the age of 18 to
acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any other
body corporate.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   43
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS
OR SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES
As at March 31, 2025, the following interests or short positions in the shares and underlying shares
of the Company were recorded in the register of interests required to be kept by the Company
pursuant to section 336 of the SFO:

Long positions:

                                                                                                                    % of the
                                                                                                                      issued
                                                                                                  Number of            share
                                                                                                     shares/         capital
                                                                                                  underlying           of the
Name                                                     Capacity and nature of interest              shares       Company


Alibaba Group Holding Limited                            Interest of controlled              10,271,540,755            63.83%#
                                                           corporation(1)
Perfect Advance Holding Limited                          Beneficial owner(1)                   3,103,816,661           19.29%#
Alibaba Investment Limited                               Interest of controlled                3,103,816,661           19.29%#
                                                           corporation(1)
                                                         Beneficial owner(1)                      48,716,465            0.30%#
Ali JK Nutritional Products Holding                      Beneficial owner(1)                   4,560,785,407           28.34%#
  Limited
Taobao Holding Limited                                   Beneficial owner(1)                   2,558,222,222           15.90%#

Note:

(1)     Perfect Advance Holding Limited (“Perfect Advance”) holds 3,103,816,661 shares of the Company. Perfect Advance is
        wholly-owned by Alibaba Investment Limited (“AIL”), which is in turn wholly-owned by Alibaba Holding. For the purpose
        of Part XV of the SFO, as Perfect Advance is interested in 3,103,816,661 shares of the Company, AIL is deemed to have
        an interest in 3,103,816,661 shares of the Company via Perfect Advance.

        On May 20, 2022, Innovare Tech Limited (“Innovare”) made a distribution in specie (the “Distribution”) in respect of
        641,090,678 shares of the Company to the limited partners of Yunfeng Fund II, L.P., the beneficial owner of all the voting
        equity capital in Innovare, based on their respective pro rata entitlements in Innovare. Upon the Distribution, Innovare
        ceased to have a notifiable interest of 5% or more of the voting shares of the Company within the meaning of the SFO.
        For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated May 20, 2022. As part of the Distribution,
        48,716,465 shares of the Company were distributed to AIL. As such, AIL is interested in an aggregate of 3,152,533,126
        shares of the Company.


        On November 28, 2023, the Company entered into a share purchase agreement with Taobao Holding Limited (“ TBH”),
        pursuant to which the consideration payable by the Company to TBH will be partly satisfied by the Company issuing
        2,558,222,222 ordinary shares of the Company to TBH as consideration shares upon completion of the share purchase
        agreement. The proposed acquisition under the said share purchase agreement was completed on January 17, 2024 and
        the total of 2,558,222,222 ordinary shares of the Company have been allotted and issued to TBH. For details, please
        refer to the announcements of the Company dated November 28, 2023 and January 17, 2024.




44         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                           DIRECTORS’ REPORT

    Ali JK Nutritional Products Holding Limited (“Ali JK”) holds 4,560,785,407 shares of the Company. Ali JK is wholly-owned
    by Alibaba Holding. Therefore, Alibaba Holding is deemed to have an interest in an aggregate of 10,271,540,755 shares
    of the Company via AIL, Perfect Advance, Ali JK and TBH within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO.

#
    Based on a total of 16,092,851,240 shares of the Company in issue as at March 31, 2025.


Save as disclosed above, as at March 31, 2025, there were no other parties who had registered an
interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares of the Company that was required to be
recorded pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.


CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE WITH CONTROLLING
SHAREHOLDERS
Save as disclosed under the paragraph headed “Connected Transactions” below, no contract of
significance, including for the provision of services, has been entered into among the Company or
any of its subsidiaries and the controlling Shareholders or any of their subsidiaries during the
Reporting Period.


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS
During the Reporting Period, the Group had the following connected transactions, details of which
were disclosed in compliance with the requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.

Connected Transaction — Lease Agreement

On October 15, 2021, Alibaba Health Pharmaceutical Chain Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康大藥房醫藥連鎖有限公
司) (“Alibaba Health Pharmaceutical Chain”) and Hangzhou Chuanfu Health Technology Co., Ltd.^
(杭州傳賦健康科技有限公司) (“Hangzhou Chuanfu”) entered into the lease agreement (the “Lease
Agreement”), pursuant to which Hangzhou Chuanfu agreed to lease the production plant and
ancillary facilities located at Alibaba Pharmaceutical Health Logistics Park, No. 3 Zhiqi Street, Tangxi
Town, Linping District, Hangzhou, the PRC (the “Premises”) to Alibaba Health Pharmaceutical Chain
for a term of three years commencing from November 30, 2021. The total rent and property
management fee payable per annum (inclusive of tax) during the term of the Lease Agreement shall
be capped at RMB28.5 million, RMB29.7 million and RMB30.9 million, respectively. The total annual
sum of the rent and property management fee payable by the Group incurred under the Lease
Agreement during the Reporting Period amounted to approximately RMB15.0 million (during the
Corresponding Period: RMB19.4 million).




                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   45
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

By entering into the Lease Agreement, the Group agreed to rent the Premises at market rates from
Hangzhou Chuanfu to use the Premises as a warehouse to store pharmaceutical, medical device and
various other health-related products with a view to further strengthen the Group’s supply chain
capabilities. As the consultation-to-sales conversation rate for the Group’s pharmaceutical direct
sales business continues to rise, the Group considers it necessary to expand its storage capacity so
as to maintain the Group’s service efficiency as well as to facilitate distribution and sales of the
Group’s direct sales products. This will also enable the Group to purchase more at a time from its
suppliers, which will add to its bargaining power with its suppliers, thus reducing its procurement
costs and enhancing its profitability. As at the date of the Lease Agreement, since Hangzhou
Chuanfu was an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, Hangzhou Chuanfu was an
associate of Alibaba Holding and hence a connected person of the Company and thus the
transactions contemplated under the Lease Agreement constitute connected transactions of the
Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.

Continuing Connected Transactions

(a) Continuing Connected Transaction — Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement

     On March 28, 2024, Alibaba Health Technology (China) Co., Ltd^ (阿里健康科技 (中國) 有限公司)
     (“Alibaba Health (China)”), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (for itself and
     on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates), entered into the renewed cloud computing services
     framework agreement (the “2025 Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement”) with
     Alibaba Cloud Computing Ltd.^ (阿里雲計算有限公司) (“Alibaba Cloud”) (for itself and on behalf
     of its subsidiaries and affiliates), pursuant to which Alibaba Cloud agreed to provide various
     cloud computing services and other related services (the “Cloud Computing Services”) to the
     Group for a term of one year from April 1, 2024 to March 31, 2025. The annual cap for the
     service fees payable by Alibaba Health (China) to Alibaba Cloud under the 2025 Cloud
     Computing Services Framework Agreement was RMB170 million. The aggregate service fees
     incurred under the 2025 Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement during the Reporting
     Period amounted to approximately RMB134.6 million (during the Corresponding Period:
     approximately RMB114.8 million).

     On March 17, 2025, the same parties entered into the renewed cloud computing services
     framework agreement (the “2026–2027 Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement”) in
     relation to the provision of the Cloud Computing Services by Alibaba Cloud to the Group for a
     term of two years from April 1, 2025 to March 31, 2027. The annual caps for the service fees
     payable by the Group under the 2026–2027 Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement for
     the two financial years ending March 31, 2027 are RMB200 million and RMB200 million,
     respectively.

     The 2025 Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement and the 2026–2027 Cloud Computing
     Services Framework Agreement allowed the Group to utilize the cloud computing services
     provided by Alibaba Cloud to ensure smooth operation of its systems and the stability of its
     various Internet healthcare solutions.




46     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT

   Alibaba Holding is the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company, and its wholly-owned
   subsidiaries, Taobao Holding, Ali JK, Perfect Advance and Alibaba Investment, are shareholders
   of the Company. As Alibaba Holding is the ultimate shareholder of Alibaba Cloud, Alibaba Cloud
   is an associate of Alibaba Holding and hence a connected person of the Company. The
   transactions contemplated under the 2025 Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement and
   the 2026–2027 Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement thus constitute continuing
   connected transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.

(b) Continuing Connected Transaction — Outsourced Services Framework Agreement

   On March 28, 2024, Hangzhou Defu Health Management Co., Ltd.^ (杭州得賦健康管理有限公司),
   Alibaba Health Technology (Hainan) Co., Ltd.^ (阿 里 健 康 科 技（海 南）有 限 公 司), Jiubaoxing
   Technology (Hainan) Co., Ltd.^ (久寶星科技（海南）有限公司) and Hangzhou Lukang Health
   Technology Co., Ltd.^ (杭州鹿康健康科技有限公司) (each an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary or
   a consolidated entity of the Company, collectively, the “Alibaba Health Subsidiaries”) entered
   into the 2025–2027 outsourced services agreement (the “2025–2027 Outsourced Services
   Agreement”) with Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd.^ (浙 江 天 貓 技 術 有 限 公 司) (“Tmall
   Technology”) and Zhejiang Tmall Network Co., Ltd.^ (浙江天貓網絡有限公司) (“Tmall Network”,
   together with Tmall Technology, the “Tmall Entities”) for a term of three years from April 1,
   2024 until March 31, 2027. Pursuant to the 2025–2027 Outsourced Services Agreement, the
   Alibaba Health Subsidiaries will procure the Company to provide the Tmall Entities with certain
   outsourced and value-added services in relation to certain categories of products or services
   offered on Tmall from time to time (as specified in the announcement of the Company dated
   March 28, 2024) (the “Outsourced Services”). The annual caps for the service fees payable to
   the Group under the 2025–2027 Outsourced Services Agreement for the three financial years
   ending March 31, 2027 are RMB215 million, RMB230 million and RMB245 million, respectively.
   The service fees received by the Group under the 2025–2027 Outsourced Services Framework
   Agreement during the Reporting Period amounted to approximately RMB104.3 million (during the
   Corresponding Period: RMB108.8 million).

   Since the Outsourced Services remain within the existing skill set of the Group given that it has
   been developing its own pharmaceutical e-commerce, Internet healthcare, and intelligent
   medicine businesses, the service fees received under the 2025–2027 Outsourced Services
   Agreement continue to be one of the steady growing sources of revenue for our Group.

   Since each of the Tmall Entities is a wholly-owned subsidiary or a consolidated entity of Alibaba
   Holding, the Tmall Entities are associates of Alibaba Holding and hence are connected persons
   of the Company. The transactions contemplated under the 2025–2027 Outsourced Services
   Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in accordance with
   the Listing Rules.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   47
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(c) Continuing Connected Transaction — Platform Services Framework Agreement

     On March 28, 2024, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) and Taobao China
     Holding Limited (“Taobao China”) (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and associates)
     entered into the renewed platform services framework agreement (the “2025–2027 Platform
     Services Framework Agreement”) for a term of three years from April 1, 2024 until March 31,
     2027. Pursuant to the 2025–2027 Platform Services Framework Agreement, Taobao China has
     agreed that Alibaba Holding and its subsidiaries and affiliates (the “AGH Relevant Entities”)
     will provide to the Group certain platform services (the “Platform Services”) and the Group shall
     pay the service fees calculated in accordance with the underlying agreements and standard
     terms and conditions (as applicable) as amended and published on the respective online
     platforms operated by the AGH Relevant Entities from time to time. The annual caps for the
     service fees payable by the Group under the 2025–2027 Platform Services Framework Agreement
     for the three financial years ending March 31, 2027 were RMB630 million, RMB670 million and
     RMB710 million, respectively, which were subsequently revised to be RMB750 million, RMB900
     million and RMB990 million, respectively. The aggregate service fees incurred under the 2025–
     2027 Platform Services Framework Agreement for the Reporting Period amounted to
     approximately RMB619.5 million (during the Corresponding Period: RMB311.0 million).

     The Company believes that by marketing and selling products or services on the online sales
     platforms operated by the AGH Relevant Entities under the 2025–2027 Platform Services
     Framework Agreement, the Group will be able to reach out to more customers and improve its
     understanding of their needs to facilitate product circulation along the pharmaceutical and
     healthcare products retail chain to offer quality products and services at competitive prices.

     Since Taobao China is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding and Alibaba Holding
     controls the AGH Relevant Entities, each of Taobao China and the members of the AGH Relevant
     Entities are associates of Alibaba Holding and hence is a connected person of the Company. The
     transactions contemplated under the 2025–2027 Platform Services Framework Agreement thus
     constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing
     Rules.




48     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                   DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(d) Continuing Connected Transaction — Logistics Services Framework Agreement

    On March 28, 2024, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into a
    renewed logistics services framework agreement (the “2025–2027 Logistics Services
    Framework Agreement”) with Hangzhou Cainiao Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd.^ (杭州菜鳥
    供應鏈管理有限公司) (“Hangzhou Cainiao”) (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and
    affiliates), pursuant to which Hangzhou Cainiao and its subsidiaries and affiliates (together, the
    “Cainiao Group”) agreed to provide various logistics services including but not limited to
    warehouse operation and storage services, domestic and international delivery services, customs
    registration and clearance services, standard and special packaging services, storage and
    delivery supply chain management services and related system software services and other
    value-added and logistics-related services (the “Logistics Services”) to the Group for a service
    fee for a term of three years from April 1, 2024 to March 31, 2027. The annual caps for the
    service fees payable by the Group under the 2025–2027 Logistics Services Framework Agreement
    was RMB320 million, RMB350 million and RMB380 million, respectively. The aggregate service
    fees incurred under the 2025–2027 Logistics Services Framework Agreement for the Reporting
    Period amounted to approximately RMB125.7 million (during the Corresponding Period:
    approximately RMB175.1 million).

    As the Company has been selling pharmaceutical and healthcare products online, it requires
    efficient and reliable logistics services to enable its products to be safely and promptly delivered
    to its customers. Accordingly, the Company entered into the 2025–2027 Logistics Services
    Framework Agreement with Hangzhou Cainiao, to capitalize on the logistics data platform and
    global fulfilment network of Cainiao Group, and to provide efficient and reliable domestic and
    international one-stop-shop logistics services to the Group’s customers for fulfilling their
    different logistics needs.

    As Hangzhou Cainiao is an indirect non-wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, each of the
    members of the Cainiao Group is an associate of Alibaba Holding and hence a connected
    person of the Company. The transactions contemplated under the 2025–2027 Logistics Services
    Framework Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in
    accordance with the Listing Rules.




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   49
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(e) Continuing Connected Transaction — Shared Services Agreement

     On March 28, 2024, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into the
     renewed shared services agreement (the “2025–2027 Shared Services Agreement”) with
     Alibaba.com China Limited (阿里巴巴網絡中國有限公司) (“Alibaba.com”) (for itself and on behalf
     of its subsidiaries and associates, collectively, “Alibaba.com Group”), pursuant to which
     Alibaba.com has agreed to procure the relevant parties to provide certain shared services to the
     Group, and the Company has agreed that relevant parties shall provide certain shared services
     to Alibaba.com Group for a term of three years from April 1, 2024 to March 31, 2027. The
     annual caps for the service fees payable by the Group under the 2025–2027 Shared Services
     Agreement in relation to the shared services provided to the Group for the three financial years
     ending March 31, 2027 are RMB540 million, RMB560 million and RMB580 million, respectively;
     and the annual caps for the service fees receivable by the Group under the 2025–2027 Shared
     Services Agreement in relation to the shared services provided to Alibaba.com Group for the
     three financial years ending March 31, 2027 are RMB20 million, RMB20 million and RMB20
     million, respectively. The aggregate service fees incurred under the 2025–2027 Shared Services
     Agreement during the Reporting Period was RMB276.5 million (during the Corresponding Period:
     RMB284.1 million) in relation to the Shared Services provided to the Group and RMB0.01 million
     (during the Corresponding Period: RMB0.4 million) in relation to the Shared Services provided to
     Alibaba.com Group.

     The Company believes that the entering into of the 2025–2027 Shared Services Agreement will
     allow the Company to better leverage on the mature infrastructure and coverage already built
     by Alibaba Group (including Alibaba.com Group) and promote better cooperation between
     Alibaba Group (including Alibaba.com Group) and the Company.

     As Alibaba.com is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, which is a connected
     person of the Company, the transactions contemplated under the 2025–2027 Shared Services
     Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in accordance with
     the Listing Rules.

(f) Continuing Connected Transaction — Framework Technical Services Agreement

     On February 2, 2024, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into the
     amended and renewed 2025–2027 framework technical services agreement (the “2025–2027
     Framework Technical Services Agreement”) with Taobao China (for itself and on behalf of its
     subsidiaries and affiliates (collectively, “Taobao China Companies”)), pursuant to which Taobao
     China Companies would provide certain relevant software technical services to the Group for a
     service fee for a term of three years commencing from April 1, 2024 and ending on March 31,
     2027. The annual cap for the service fees payable under the 2025–2027 Framework Technical
     Services Agreement was RMB2,300 million, RMB2,530 million and RMB2,783 million, for each of
     the three years ending March 31, 2027, respectively, as approved by the independent
     Shareholders at the special general meeting held on March 26, 2024. The aggregate service fees
     incurred under the 2025–2027 Framework Technical Services Agreement during the Reporting
     Period amounted to approximately RMB1,093.1 million (during the Corresponding Period:
     approximately RMB1,120.0 million).


50     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT

   The Company considers the entering into of the 2025–2027 Framework Technical Services
   Agreement is necessary because the technical support and services from Taobao Group
   Companies to the Company are crucial to allow the relevant merchants to operate on the
   platforms of Tmall and Tmall Global.

   As Alibaba Group directly or indirectly controls the Taobao China Companies, they are connected
   persons of the Company and the transactions contemplated under the 2025–2027 Framework
   Technical Services Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company.
   Independent Shareholders approved, among other things, the 2025–2027 Framework Technical
   Services Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereunder at the special general
   meeting held on March 26, 2024 in accordance with the Listing Rules.

(g) Continuing Connected Transaction — Payment Services Framework Agreement

   On March 28, 2024, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into a
   renewed payment services framework agreement (the “2025 Payment Services Framework
   Agreement”) with Alipay.com Co., Ltd.^ (支付寶（中國）網絡技術有限公司) (“Alipay China”) (for
   itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates) and Alipay Singapore E-Commerce Private
   Limited (“Alipay Singapore”) (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates), pursuant
   to which Alipay China and Alipay Singapore agreed to provide certain payment, settlement and
   other related services (the “Payment Services”) to the Group for a service fee, for a term of one
   year from April 1, 2024 to March 31, 2025. The annual cap for the service fees payable under
   the 2025 Payment Services Framework Agreement is RMB137 million. The aggregate service fees
   incurred under the 2025 Payment Services Framework Agreement during the Reporting Period
   amounted to approximately RMB41.3 million (during the Corresponding Period: approximately
   RMB75.4 million).

   As part of the Group’s business, the Company has been marketing and selling products or
   services online as an online merchant which requires efficient and reliable payment services. By
   entering into the 2025 Payment Services Framework Agreement, the Group will be able to utilize
   the Payment Services provided by Alipay China and Alipay Singapore to enable safe and prompt
   real-time payment for its online transactions.

   Since Ant Group Co., Ltd. (螞蟻科技集團股份有限公司) (“Ant Group”) is indirectly held by Alibaba
   Holding as to more than 30% of its equity interest and both Alipay China and Alipay Singapore
   are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Ant Group, each of Ant Group, Alipay China and Alipay
   Singapore is an associate of Alibaba Holding and thus a connected person of the Company.

   Accordingly, the transactions contemplated under the 2025 Payment Services Framework
   Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in accordance with the
   Listing Rules.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   51
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(h) Continuing Connected Transaction — Exclusive Services Framework Agreement

     On November 27, 2023, the Target WFOE entered into the Exclusive Services Framework
     Agreement with Alimama for an initial term of three years commenced from November 27, 2023
     and ending on November 26, 2026, pursuant to which the Target WFOE would operate and
     manage the business relating to the provision of the Marketing Materials Review Services
     pursuant to the Exclusive Marketing Materials Review Right and the Value-added Services under
     the healthcare categories (the “Target Business”). The “Exclusive Marketing Materials Review
     Right” is defined as the exclusive right to operate and manage the Marketing Materials Review
     Services under the healthcare categories on the Tmall Platform, to the absolute exclusion of the
     Alimama Group and the Taobao and Tmall Group. The “Marketing Materials Review Services”
     are defined as the marketing materials review services provided by the Target WFOE under the
     Exclusive Services Framework Agreement, as may be amended from time to time, comprising (i)
     the review services in respect of marketing materials for the performance-based marketing and/
     or the brand-based marketing placed by certain merchants (the “Target Merchants”) through
     the Alimama Group, and (ii) the review services in respect of corresponding qualifications of
     such marketing materials for products and services under the healthcare categories of Tmall of
     Alibaba Group. The “Value-added Services”are defined as the value-added services, within the
     scope of written authorisation from the Alimama Group and in accordance with the standards
     and requirements imposed by the Alimama Group, provided by the Target WFOE to the Target
     Merchants whose primary categories are the healthcare categories under the Exclusive Services
     Framework Agreement, as may be amended from time to time, which shall include providing
     consultation and suggestions to and responding to questions from such Target Merchants
     relating to marketing promotions under the healthcare categories. For details of the purpose of
     the acquisition of the Target Business, please refer to the paragraph headed “(a) Connected
     Transaction — Share Purchase Agreement” above. The proposed annual caps (where applicable)
     in respect of the fees receivable under the Exclusive Services Framework Agreement are RMB391
     million, RMB2,032 million and RMB2,641 million for each of the financial years ending March 31,
     2024, 2025 and 2026, respectively. The aggregate service fees incurred under the Exclusive
     Services Framework Agreement during the Reporting Period amounted to approximately
     RMB1,515.3 million (during the Corresponding Period: approximately RMB239.5 million).

     Upon the completion of the Share Purchase Agreement, the Target WFOE became an indirect
     wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Since Alimama is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary
     of Alibaba Holding, it’s therefore an associate of Alibaba Holding and hence a connected
     person of the Company. The transactions contemplated under the Exclusive Services Framework
     Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company under the Listing
     Rules.




52     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                   DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(i) Continuing Connected Transaction — Marketing and Promotion Services Framework
    Agreement

    On February 2, 2024, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) and Alimama (for
    and on behalf of its subsidiaries and its affiliates) (together, the “Advertising Parties”) entered
    into the marketing and promotion services framework agreement (the “2025–2027 Marketing
    and Promotion Services Framework Agreement”) for a term of three years from April 1, 2024
    to March 31, 2027 to renew the existing advertising services framework agreement, pursuant to
    which the Advertising Parties has agreed to provide the Group with certain marketing and
    promotion services, including but not limited to providing the marketing, promotion and
    advertising services on various platforms under and in cooperation with Alibaba Group for a
    service fee. The annual caps for the service fees payable under the 2025–2027 Marketing and
    Promotion Services Framework Agreement are RMB2,400 million, RMB2,640 million and RMB2,904
    million, respectively, for the three financial years ending March 31, 2027, respectively, as
    approved by the independent Shareholders at the special general meeting held on March 26,
    2024. The aggregate service fees incurred under the 2025–2027 Marketing and Promotion
    Service Framework Agreement during the Reporting Period amounted to approximately
    RMB2,287.3 million (during the Corresponding Period: RMB1,566.3 million).

    The Company believes that the marketing, promotion and advertising services and resources
    provided by the Advertising Parties are effective marketing tools and will enable the Group to
    reach out to more customers and boost the sales of the Group’s and its clients’ products. Hence,
    the Group intends to allocate more resources in such marketing, promotion and advertising
    services provided by the Advertising Parties going forward and considers that the entering into
    of the 2025–2027 Marketing and Promotion Services Framework Agreement would facilitate the
    administration of the purchase of the marketing, promotion and advertising services by the
    Group.

    Since Alimama is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, each of the
    Advertising Parties is an associate of Alibaba Holding and hence a connected person of the
    Company. The transactions contemplated under the 2025–2027 Marketing and Promotion
    Services Framework Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions for the
    Company in accordance with the Listing Rules and were approved by the independent
    Shareholders at the special general meeting held on March 26, 2024 in accordance with the
    Listing Rules.




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   53
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(j) Continuing Connected Transaction — Software Services Framework Agreement

     On March 28, 2024, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and associates)
     entered into the renewed software services framework agreement (the “2025–2027 Software
     Services Framework Agreement”) with Taobao China (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries
     and associates (collectively, “Taobao China Group”)), pursuant to which the Group shall provide
     Taobao China Group with medical and healthcare-related e-commerce platform operational and
     maintenance related software services for merchants selling products and/or offering services
     under certain software services categories on Tmall and Tmall Global for a term of three years
     commencing from April 1, 2024 and ending on March 31, 2027. The annual cap for the service
     fees receivable are RMB150 million, RMB160 million (which was later revised to be RMB310
     million) and RMB170 million (which was later revised to be RMB360 million), respectively, for the
     three financial years ending March 31, 2027. The aggregate service fees incurred under the
     2025–2027 Software Services Framework Agreement during the Reporting Period amounted to
     approximately RMB116.9 million (during the Corresponding Period: approximately RMB98.3
     million).

     The Company believes that the entering into of the 2025–2027 Software Services Framework
     Agreement will not only allow the Group to generate revenue and to better optimize its
     resources as Alibaba Group’s healthcare flagship platform, but also provide marketing
     opportunities for the Group to expand its product portfolio and broaden its customer base. This
     enables the Group to capture further market share in view of the rapid growth of the Company’s
     pharmaceutical direct sales business.

     Since Taobao China is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, each member of Taobao
     China Group is an associate of Alibaba Holding and hence a connected person of the Company.
     The transactions contemplated under the 2025–2027 Software Services Framework Agreement
     thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing
     Rules.

(k) Continuing Connected Transaction — Koubei Services Framework Agreement

     On March 31, 2023, Hangzhou Lukang Health Technology Co., Ltd.^ (杭州鹿康健康科技有限公司)
     (“Hangzhou Lukang”) (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates) entered into a
     services framework agreement (the “2024 Koubei Services Framework Agreement”) with
     Koubei (Shanghai) Information Technology Co., Ltd.^ (口碑（上海）信息技術有限公司) (“Koubei
     Shanghai”) (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates), pursuant to which
     Hangzhou Lukang agrees to provide Koubei Shanghai with operational or software services
     under certain categories of products and services on the platform which are operated by Koubei
     Shanghai, its associates and its subsidiaries from time to time, for a term of two years from
     April 1, 2023 to March 31, 2025, with annual caps of RMB30 million and RMB30 million for the
     years ending March 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively. The aggregate service fees incurred under
     the 2024 Koubei Services Framework Agreement during the Reporting Period amounted to
     approximately RMB2.5 million (during the Corresponding Period: RMB5.3 million).




54     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT

   By entering into the 2024 Koubei Services Framework Agreement, the Group will be able to
   enhance user experience and improve the operational capabilities of the relevant merchants,
   and deliver quality services to these merchants under wider applications. It is also expected that
   the Group will be able to capitalise on market opportunities in relation to the rising demand of
   healthcare and pharmaceutical industries in the PRC and further expand its market share in
   these industries.

   As at the date of the 2024 Koubei Services Framework Agreement, since Koubei Shanghai is an
   indirect non-wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, Koubei Shanghai is an associate of
   Alibaba Holding and hence a connected person of the Company. The transactions contemplated
   under the 2024 Koubei Services Framework Agreement thus constitute continuing connected
   transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.

(l) Continuing Connected Transaction — EBA Settlement Framework Agreement

   On March 28, 2024, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and associates)
   entered into the framework agreement relating to the equity-based awards settlement (the
   “2025–2027 EBA Settlement Framework Agreement”) with Alibaba Holding. Pursuant to the
   2025–2027 EBA Settlement Framework Agreement, (i) in respect of the restricted share units,
   options or any other equity incentive awards of Alibaba Holding (the “AGH Awards”) held by
   any grantees whose employment is transferred from Alibaba Holding to a member of the Group
   (the “Group Entity”), the Company shall reimburse Alibaba Holding the amounts in respect of
   the relevant AGH Awards; and (ii) in respect of the options, restricted share units or any other
   equity incentive awards of the Group (the “Group Awards”) held by any grantees (whose
   employment is transferred from a Group Entity to Alibaba Holding), Alibaba Holding shall
   reimburse the Company the amounts in respect of the relevant Group Awards. The annual caps
   for the amounts payable under the 2025–2027 EBA Settlement Framework Agreement in relation
   to the transaction amount associated with the AGH Awards are RMB35 million, RMB35 million
   and RMB35 million, respectively, for the three financial years ending March 31, 2027; and the
   annual caps for the amounts receivable under the 2025–2027 EBA Settlement Framework
   Agreement in relation to the transaction amount associated with the Group Awards are RMB35
   million, RMB35 million and RMB35 million, respectively, for the three financial years ending
   March 31, 2027. The aggregate amount recognised by the Group under the 2025–2027 EBA
   Settlement Framework Agreement in relation to the transaction amount associated with the AGH
   Awards during the Reporting Period amounted to approximately RMB28.0 million (during the
   Corresponding Period: not applicable). The aggregate reimbursement amount of the Group
   Awards from Alibaba Holding during the Reporting Period amounted to approximately RMB15.7
   million (during the Corresponding Period: not applicable).

   Each of Alibaba Holding and the Company is committed to providing their employees with a
   nurturing work environment that supports personal growth and therefore allows internal
   transfers between the Group and Alibaba Holding. As equity-based awards are vital to attract,
   incentivize and retain those employees, the Company believes that the entering into of the
   2025–2027 EBA Settlement Framework Agreement will allow the grantees to retain their awards
   after the internal transfers and allocating their EBA expenses to the relevant entity to which such
   grantee has joined, with an aim to achieve an equitable re-charging of costs of transferring
   employees between the Group and Alibaba Holding.



                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   55
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     Since Alibaba Holding is a connected person of the Company, the transactions contemplated
     under the 2025–2027 EBA Settlement Framework Agreement thus constitute continuing
     connected transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.

     The Group has imposed internal control procedures to ensure that the continuing connected
     transactions are conducted in accordance with the pricing policies or mechanism under the
     relevant framework agreements. A specialized internal audit function carried out independent
     appraisal of the adequacy and effectiveness of the internal control procedures and reviewed all
     the connected transactions. Any findings by the internal audit function have been provided to
     the Directors to assist them in performing the annual review of the continuing connected
     transactions. The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the above continuing
     connected transactions and have confirmed that such continuing connected transactions were
     entered into (i) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (ii) on normal
     commercial terms or better; and (iii) in accordance with the relevant agreements governing
     them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole.

(m) Continuing Connected Transactions — Contractual Arrangements

     Overview

     The business of the Group involves the provision of commercial Internet information services,
     which in turn requires certain members of our Group to hold a value-added telecommunication
     business license (the “ICP License”) for the provision of such services (the “Restricted
     Businesses”). As the applicable PRC laws and regulations currently in force restrict foreign
     investment in the Restricted Businesses, the Group adopted a series of contractual arrangements
     with respect to two subsidiaries of our Company, namely, Hongyun Jiukang Data Technology
     (Beijing) Co., Ltd.^ (弘雲久康數據技術（北京）有限公司) (“Hongyun Jiukang”) and Alibaba Health
     Hebei Information Technology Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康河北信息技術有限公司) (“Alibaba Health
     Hebei”, together with Hongyun Jiukang, the “Opcos”), which have enabled the Group, through
     its wholly-owned subsidiary, Alibaba Health Technology (China) Co., Ltd^ (阿里健康科技（中國）有
     限公司) (the “WFOE”), to obtain effective control over, and received all the economic benefits
     generated by, the businesses operated by the Opcos, and the Opcos, in turn, hold the ICP
     License and operate the Restricted Businesses.

     Prior to the Restructuring (as defined below), the contractual arrangements were entered into
     among the WFOE, each of the Opcos and the two individual registered owners of Opcos (the
     “Ex-Registered Owners”) (the “Previous Contractual Arrangements”).




56     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT

As part of Alibaba Holding’s strategy in enhancing the variable interest entities (the “VIEs”)
structure, on April 25, 2020, each of the two Ex-Registered Owners under the Previous
Contractual Arrangements entered into equity transfer agreements with Beijing Jiukangbao
Technology Co., Ltd.^ (北京久康寶科技有限公司) (“Beijing Jiukangbao”), pursuant to which each
of the two Ex-Registered Owners agreed to transfer 50% and 50% of the equity interests in each
of the Opcos, respectively, to Beijing Jiukangbao (the “VIE Restructuring”). On the same day,
each of the Opcos became owned as to 100% by Beijing Jiukangbao. Beijing Jiukangbao is
wholly-owned by Hangzhou Baoxuan Investment Management Co., Ltd.^ (杭州寶軒投資管理有限
公司), a company established in the PRC with limited liability (the “PRC Investco”), which is held
as to each 50% by two limited partnerships established in the PRC (the “PRC LPs”), both of
which were ultimately owned by a company established in the PRC with limited liability serving
as a general partner of the PRC LPs (the “PRC GP”) and five selected members of the Alibaba
Partnership or Alibaba Holding’s management who are PRC citizens (the “Five Individuals”).

On the same day, the Group entered into a series of contractual arrangements (the
“Contractual Arrangements”) with the Opcos and Beijing Jiukangbao (as the newly registered
owner of Opcos) (the “Registered Owner”). The Contractual Arrangements contain substantially
the same terms as the Previous Contractual Arrangements and enable the Group to continue,
through the WFOE, to maintain effective control over, and receive all the economic benefits
generated by, the businesses operated by the Opcos, which in turn hold the ICP Licenses and
operate the Restricted Businesses through itself and its Subsidiaries. Further details in relation to
the terms of the Structured Contracts (as defined below) and Contractual Arrangements are set
out below. Through the Structured Contracts and the Contractual Arrangements, the results of
operations, assets and liabilities, and cash flows of the Opcos were consolidated into the
Company’s financial statements, and the Opcos were regarded as indirect subsidiaries of the
Group under HKFRS 10 during Reporting Period.

Particulars of Opcos and their respective Registered Owner

As at March 31, 2025, the particulars of the Opcos and their respective Registered Owner are as
follows:

                                                                    Registered
Name of Opco                     Registered owner                      capital Principal activities


Hongyun Jiukang                  100% by Beijing              RMB40,000,000 Provision of Internet
                                   Jiukangbao                                 information services and
                                                                              investment holding
Alibaba Health Hebei             100% by Beijing              RMB10,000,000 Provision of Internet
                                   Jiukangbao                                 information services and
                                                                              investment holding




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   57
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     The following table sets forth the principal subsidiaries of Hongyun Jiukang as at March 31,
     2025. Alibaba Health Hebei did not have any subsidiary as at March 31, 2025.

     Name of subsidiary                                   Holding company Ownership Principal activities


     Alibaba Health (Hainan)                              Hongyun Jiukang               100% Network hospital services
        Internet Hospital Co., Ltd.^
        (阿里健康（海南）互聯網醫院
        有限公司)
     Alibaba Health (Hainan)                              Hongyun Jiukang               100% Provision of medical
        Remote Medical Centre Co., Ltd.^                                                       services
        (阿里健康（海南）遠程醫療中心
        有限公司)
     Hangzhou Hongyun Kangsheng                           Hongyun Jiukang               100% Investment holding and
        Equity Investment Co., Ltd.^                                                           asset management
        (杭州弘雲康晟股權投資有限公司)
     Alibaba Health Technology                            Hongyun Jiukang               100% Provision of Internet
        (Guangzhou) Co., Ltd.^                                                                 information services
        (阿里健康科技（廣州）有限公司)
     Guangzhou Alibaba Health                             Hongyun Jiukang               100% Provision of Internet
        Medical Technology Co., Ltd.^                                                          information services
        (廣州市阿里健康醫療科技有限公司)
        (formerly known as Alibaba
        Health Network Hospital Co., Ltd.^
        (阿里健康網絡醫院有限公司))
     Alibaba Health Technology                            Hongyun Jiukang               100% Provision of Internet
        (Beijing) Company Limited^                                                             information services
        (阿里健康科技（北京）有限公司)
     Jiubaoxing Technology                                Hongyun Jiukang               100% Provision of e-commerce
        (Hainan) Co., Ltd.^                                                                    sales services
        (久寶星科技（海南）有限公司)
     Hangzhou Kangtao Information                         Hongyun Jiukang               100% Provision of Internet
        Technology Co., Ltd.^                                                                  information services
        (杭州康淘信息技術有限公司)
     Beijing Zichen Zhengyang                             Hongyun Jiukang               100% Provision of Internet
        Technology Co., Ltd.^                                                                  information services
        (北京紫宸正陽科技有限公司)
     Alibaba Health Modeling                              Hongyun Jiukang               100% Provision of Internet
        Technology (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd.^                                                       information services
        (阿里健康建模科技（杭州）有限公司)                                                                     and research




58     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Summary of the major terms of the Contractual Arrangements

As at March 31, 2025, there are two sets of ongoing Contractual Arrangements in place:

(i)   in respect of Hongyun Jiukang, entered into among the WFOE (as the Company’s subsidiary),
      Hongyun Jiukang (as the Opco), and Beijing Jiukangbao (as the Registered Owner); and

(ii) in respect of Alibaba Health Hebei, entered into among the WFOE (as the Company’s
     subsidiary), Alibaba Health Hebei (as the Opco), and Beijing Jiukangbao (as the Registered
     Owner).

Each of the above sets of Contractual Arrangements includes substantially similar terms and a
brief summary of the major terms are set out below:

(1) Exclusive Service Agreements (獨家服務協議)

      Pursuant to the exclusive service agreements (the “Exclusive Service Agreements”), the
      relevant Opco agreed to engage the WFOE as its exclusive provider of technical support and
      consultancy services (the “Technical Services”) in connection with the relevant Opco’s
      business (to the extent permitted under the applicable PRC laws) in exchange for service
      fees. The service fees are fixed with reference to the actual content and commercial value of
      the Technical Services and the WFOE may, subject to mutual agreement, adjust the amount
      of service fees. Unless otherwise prescribed under the PRC laws and regulations and subject
      to limitations under the Exclusive Service Agreements, the WFOE shall have exclusive
      proprietary rights to any intellectual property (including but not limited to copyright, patent,
      technical secret and trade secret) in the work product developed by the WFOE or the
      relevant Opco in the course of the provision of services under the relevant Exclusive Service
      Agreement. Each of the Exclusive Service Agreements has a term of 20 years and will be
      automatically renewed for consecutive terms of one year upon expiry unless otherwise
      notified by the WFOE. The relevant Exclusive Service Agreement shall be terminated prior to
      expiration in the event that the business period of either the WFOE or the relevant Opco
      expires.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   59
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     (2) Loan Agreements (借款協議)

         Pursuant to the loan agreements (the “Loan Agreements”), the WFOE agreed to provide
         any interest-free loans to the relevant Registered Owner as capital contribution to the
         relevant Opco only and may not use such loans for other purposes without the consent of
         the WFOE. The Registered Owner, in return for the provision of loans, agreed to enter into
         an Equity Interest Pledge Agreement (as defined below) with the WFOE to pledge all of its
         equity interests in the relevant Opco as security. The term of each loan under the relevant
         Loan Agreement is 20 years from the effective date, or for a period until expiration of the
         business period of the WFOE or the relevant Opco, whichever is earlier. The Registered
         Owner shall repay the loan upon expiration of the term or any earlier time as may be
         determined by the WFOE at its absolute discretion. In such circumstances, unless otherwise
         prohibited by the applicable laws and regulations, the WFOE or its designee is entitled to
         acquire all equity interest held by the relevant Registered Owner in the relevant Opco for a
         consideration equal to the loan amount. The Registered Owner shall waive any pre-emptive
         rights upon transfer of equity interest in the relevant Opco to the WFOE. Any tax arising
         from the loan shall be borne by the Registered Owner and the WFOE in accordance with
         applicable PRC laws.

     (3) Equity Interest Pledge Agreements (股權質押協議)

         Pursuant to the equity interest pledge agreements (the “Equity Interest Pledge
         Agreements”), the Registered Owner agreed to pledge all their respective equity interests in
         the relevant Opco to the WFOE, as a security interest to guarantee the performance of
         contractual obligations and the payment of outstanding loans of the Registered Owner.
         Unless due to the intentional misconduct or gross negligence of the WFOE, the WFOE shall
         not be liable for any decrease in value of the pledged interests, and the Registered Owner
         shall not have any right to claim against the WFOE as a result of such decrease in value.
         However, in the event that the decrease in value of the pledged interests may jeopardize
         rights of the WFOE, or upon occurrence of default, the WFOE may auction or sell the
         pledged interests for and on behalf of the Registered Owner and allocate the money
         received for loan prepayment or deposit such money to the WFOE’s local notary office. The
         pledge in respect of an Opco takes effect upon the completion of registration with the
         competent authority and shall remain valid until all the contractual obligations of the
         Registered Owner and the relevant Opco under the relevant set of Contractual
         Arrangements have been fully performed and that all outstanding loans have been fully
         repaid. During the period of the pledge, without the prior written consent of the WFOE, the
         Registered Owner shall not create or agree to create any new pledge or other security on
         the equity interests of the relevant Opco, nor assign or transfer any of the equity interests in
         the relevant Opco.




60     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(4) Powers of Attorney on Shareholders’ Voting Rights (股東表決權委託協議)

   Pursuant to the powers of attorney on shareholders’ voting rights (the “Powers of Attorney
   on Shareholders’ Voting Rights”), the Registered Owner irrevocably appointed designee(s)
   of the WFOE, who are PRC nationals, to act as its attorney on its behalf to exercise all rights
   in connection with matters concerning its right as shareholder of the relevant Opco,
   including but not limited to: (a) attending the shareholders’ meeting of the relevant Opco as
   representative of the relevant Registered Owner; (b) exercising shareholders’ voting rights
   on resolutions at shareholders’ meeting, including but not limited to, the designation and
   appointment of directors and other senior management that has to be appointed by the
   shareholders; (c) other matters decided or executed by the shareholders pursuant to the
   relevant constitutional documents; and (d) signing relevant documents when the relevant
   Registered Owner sell or transfer all or part of its equity interests pursuant to the Exclusive
   Option Agreements (as defined below). The Powers of Attorney on Shareholders’ Voting
   Rights shall remain effective for 20 years and will be automatically renewed for consecutive
   terms of one year upon expiry unless otherwise notified by the WFOE. The Powers of
   Attorney on Shareholders’ Voting Rights shall be terminated prior to expiration in the event
   that the business period of either the WFOE or the relevant Opco expires.

(5) Exclusive Option Agreements (獨家購買權協議)

   Pursuant to the exclusive option agreements (the “Exclusive Option Agreements”), the
   Registered Owner agreed to irrevocably, unconditionally and exclusively grant an exclusive
   option to the WFOE so that the WFOE may elect to purchase, when permitted by the then
   applicable PRC laws, all or any part of the equity interests from the Registered Owner and/
   or all or any of the assets in the relevant Opco by themselves or through their designee(s).
   In the event that any of the options is exercised by the WFOE, the transfer price of the
   relevant equity interests and assets shall correspond to the registered capital amount and
   the net asset value, respectively, or the legal minimum price under the then applicable PRC
   laws (as the case may be). Subject to the applicable PRC laws, the Registered Owner shall
   transfer all the consideration it receives in relation to such transfer of equity interests and
   assets in the relevant Opco (or any proceeds resulting from the dissolution or winding up of
   the relevant Opco or any dividends or distributions received in the capacity of a Registered
   Owner) to the WFOE or its designee, after deduction of applicable taxes and government
   fees. Pursuant to the Exclusive Option Agreements, without the prior written consent of the
   WFOE, the Registered Owner shall not sell, transfer, mortgage or dispose of in any manner
   any assets of the relevant Opco (except in the ordinary course of business) or legal or
   beneficial interest in the business or revenues of the relevant Opco, allow the creation of
   any security interest thereon, or allow the alteration of the registered capital of the relevant
   Opco or merger of the relevant Opco with any other entity. The Exclusive Option
   Agreements shall remain effective from the execution date and terminate when all the
   equity interests and assets of the relevant Opco have been legally transferred to the WFOE
   or its designee in accordance with the terms of the relevant Exclusive Option Agreement.




                                    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   61
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     Revenue and assets subject to the Contractual Arrangements

     During the Reporting Period, the Group expanded the scale of investments and business
     operated under the Opcos, and revenues generated from and assets held through the Opcos
     had begun to form a material portion of the Group’s total revenue and assets. The following
     table sets forth (a) revenue and (b) assets involved in the Opcos which are consolidated into the
     Group’s financial statements pursuant to the Contractual Arrangements:

                                                                             Revenue (RMB’000)
                                                                               (proportionate %       Assets (RMB’000)
                                                                                   to the Group)      (proportionate %
                                                                                For the financial        to the Group)
                                                                                     year ended                  As at
                                                                                 March 31, 2025         March 31, 2025


     Hongyun Jiukang                                                                747,971 (2.44%)   3,130,192 (14.78%)
     Alibaba Health Hebei                                                             7,859 (0.03%)       55,602 (0.26%)

     Reasons for using the Contractual Arrangements

     As disclosed above, as the applicable PRC laws and regulations as detailed below in force
     restrict foreign investment in the Restricted Businesses and the operation of ICPs which are
     fundamental to the Group’s business, the Group participates in the Restricted Businesses
     through the Contractual Arrangements.

     According to the Regulations for the Administration of Foreign-Invested Telecommunications
     Enterprises (the “FITE Regulations”), the proportion of foreign equity ownership in the entity
     that provides commercial Internet information services shall not exceed 50%. Further, according
     to the FITE Regulations, subject to the foreign ownership restrictions as set out above, the
     significant foreign investor of an entity that provides commercial Internet information services
     must also be able to demonstrate good performance of and experience in operating a
     value-added telecommunication business. As the Company and its subsidiaries do not meet such
     qualification requirement, neither the Company nor any of its offshore subsidiaries is qualified to
     apply to any competent government authorities to establish a foreign invested
     telecommunication enterprise and obtain an ICP License to operate the Restricted Businesses. In
     the opinion of the Company’s PRC legal advisers, the Contractual Arrangements do not violate
     applicable PRC laws and regulations.




62     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Risks associated with the Contractual Arrangements and the actions taken by the Group to
mitigate the risks

The Company’s PRC legal advisers had advised us that while the Contractual Arrangements do
not violate the applicable PRC laws and regulations, there are uncertainties regarding the
interpretation and application of the currently applicable PRC laws, rules, and regulations. As
such, the Group believes the following risks are associated with the Contractual Arrangements:

(i)   If the PRC government finds that the Contractual Arrangements that allow us to consolidate
      the results of operations, assets and liabilities, and cash flows of the Opcos which operate
      the Restricted Businesses do not comply with applicable PRC laws and regulations, we could
      be subject to penalties and our business may be materially and adversely affected;

(ii) Certain terms of the Contractual Arrangements may not be enforceable under the PRC laws;

(iii) The Contractual Arrangements may not be as effective in providing control over the Opcos
      as equity ownership;

(iv) Any failure by the Opcos or the Registered Owner to perform their obligations under the
     Contractual Arrangements would potentially lead to us having to incur additional costs and
     expend material resources to enforce such arrangements, temporary or permanent loss of
     control over the Restricted Businesses and the revenue from these businesses;

(v) The Registered Owner may have potential conflicts of interest with us, which may materially
    and adversely affect our business and financial condition;

(vi) The Contractual Arrangements may be subject to scrutiny by the PRC tax authorities and they
     may determine that the Company or the Opcos owe(s) additional taxes, which could
     negatively affect the Group’s financial condition and the value of the Shareholders’
     investment;

(vii) If any of the WFOE or the Opcos becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or liquidation
      proceeding, we may lose the ability to use and enjoy certain important assets, which could
      materially and adversely affect our business;

(viii) The Company’s exercise of the option to acquire the equity interests of the Opcos may be
       subject to certain limitations and the ownership transfer may incur substantial costs;

(ix) The Company does not have any insurance which covers the risks relating to the Contractual
     Arrangements and the transactions contemplated thereunder; and

(x) The Group’s current corporate structure and business operations may be affected by the
    Foreign Investment Law.




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   63
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     The Group has adopted the following measures to ensure the effective internal control and
     operation of the Group with the implementation of the Contractual Arrangements and the
     compliance with the Contractual Arrangements:

     (i)     major issues arising from the implementation and compliance with the Contractual
             Arrangements or any regulatory enquiries from government authorities will be submitted to
             the Board, if necessary, for review and discussion on an occurrence basis;

     (ii) the Board will review the overall performance of and compliance with the Contractual
          Arrangements at least once a year;

     (iii) the Company will disclose the overall performance of and compliance with the Contractual
           Arrangements in its annual reports; and

     (iv) the Company will engage external legal advisers or other professional advisers, if necessary,
          to assist the Board to review the implementation of the Contractual Arrangements, review
          the legal compliance of the WFOE and the Opcos to deal with specific issues or matters
          arising from the Contractual Arrangements.

     Material changes in the foreign ownership restriction requirements

     The Contractual Arrangements have been put in place purely to allow the Group to comply with
     the foreign ownership restrictions under FITE Regulations. Save as disclosed, during the
     Reporting Period, there was no other material change in the Contractual Arrangements and/or
     the circumstances under which they were adopted, and none of the Contractual Arrangements
     had been unwound as the regulatory restrictions that led to their adoptions were not removed.

     Listing Rules implications

     Upon further enquiries and review of Alibaba Group, the Company was informed that there was
     an additional layer of contractual arrangements among the Five Individuals, the PRC GP, the PRC
     LPs and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Group, pursuant to which Alibaba Group
     obtained effective control over, and received all the economic benefits of the PRC GP, the PRC
     LPs, the PRC Investco and Beijing Jiukangbao (the “Additional VIE Arrangement”). Accordingly,
     each of the PRC GP, the PRC LPs, the PRC Investco and Beijing Jiukangbao is consolidated into
     the financial statements of Alibaba Group under the VIE Structure Enhancement for accounting
     treatment purpose. As at March 31, 2025, Alibaba Holding is the ultimate shareholder of Perfect
     Advance, TBH and Ali JK, which are the substantial shareholders and connected persons of the
     Company, and holds approximately 63.83% of the issued share capital of the Company via
     Perfect Advance, Alibaba Investment and Ali JK. As such, Beijing Jiukangbao became a
     connected person of the Company by virtue of it becoming an associate of Alibaba Holding and,
     subsequent to the Restructuring, the continuing transactions under the Contractual
     Arrangements constitute continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A
     of the Listing Rules.




64         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

The Directors (including the independent non-executive Directors) are of the view that it is
inappropriate for the Company to (i) set an annual cap for the transactions under the
Contractual Arrangements under Rule 14A.53 of the Listing Rules; or (ii) limit the term of the
Contractual Arrangements to three years or less under Rule 14A.52 of the Listing Rules on the
following grounds:

(i)   the Previous Contractual Arrangements has been in place since in or around mid-2016 and
      the Contractual Arrangements have terms substantially consistent with those of the Previous
      Contractual Arrangements, and all necessary factual information about the Contractual
      Arrangements have been disclosed in the annual reports;

(ii) the Contractual Arrangements and the transactions contemplated thereunder are
     fundamental to the Group’s legal structure and business operations as the adoption of the
     Contractual Arrangements enables the Group to continue, through the WFOE, to maintain
     effective control over, and receive all the economic benefits generated by, the businesses
     operated by the Opcos, which in turn hold the ICP Licenses and operate the Restricted
     Businesses;

(iii) the Contractual Arrangements are for fixed terms and for a fixed period, and are entered into
      for the benefit of the Group, and unlike typical connected transactions, since the Registered
      Owner acts as shareholder of the Opcos to facilitate the arrangements whereby economic
      benefits from the Opcos are transferred to the Company, there is no concern of leakage of
      economic benefits to connected persons to the detriment of minority shareholders of the
      Company under the Contractual Arrangements;

(iv) the Directors (including the independent non-executive Directors), consider that the
     Contractual Arrangements are on normal commercial terms or on terms more favourable to
     the Group, in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group and are fair and
     reasonable or to the advantage of the Group, and are in the interests of the Company and
     the Shareholders as a whole; and

(v) the Company believes that it will not be in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders
    to set any annual cap on the amounts of fees payable to the Company under the
    Contractual Arrangements.

Pursuant to Rule 14A.52 of the Listing Rules, the Group has obtained the opinion from an
independent financial adviser, pursuant to which the independent financial adviser considers
that in relation to the Contractual Arrangements, (i) the continuing connected transactions in
respect of the Contractual Arrangements have been entered into in the Group’s ordinary and
usual course of business on normal commercial terms, on terms that are fair and reasonable,
and in the interest of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole; (ii) a term of longer than
three years is required for the Contractual Arrangements; and (iii) it is normal business practice
for the Contractual Arrangements to be of such duration exceeding three years. For details,
please refer to the announcement of the Company dated June 30, 2023:

(i)   no change without independent non-executive Directors’ approval;



                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   65
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     (ii) no change without independent Shareholders’ approval;

     (iii) the Contractual Arrangements shall continue to enable our Group to receive the economic
           benefits derived by the Opcos; and

     (iv) the Group will disclose details relating to the Contractual Arrangements on an ongoing basis.

     Confirmation from the independent non-executive Directors

     The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the Contractual Arrangements and
     confirmed that:

     (i)     the transactions carried out during the Reporting Period have been entered into in accordance
             with the relevant provisions of the Contractual Arrangements;

     (ii) no dividends or other distributions have been made by the Opcos to Beijing Jiukangbao which
          are not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group during the Reporting
          Period; and

     (iii) any contracts entered into between the Group and the Opcos during Reporting Period are
           fair and reasonable, or advantageous to the Shareholders, so far as the Group is concerned
           and in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole.

     The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the aforesaid continuing connected
     transactions for the year ended March 31, 2025 (excluding the Contractual Arrangements) and
     confirmed that these transactions have:

     (i)     been entered into in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group;

     (ii) been conducted on normal commercial terms or better; and

     (iii) been conducted in accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on the terms
           that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of the Shareholders as a whole.

     In respect of the continuing connected transactions (the “Transactions”), Ernst & Young, the
     Company’s auditor, has been engaged to report whether anything has come to their attention
     that causes them to believe that:

     (i)     the Transactions have not been approved by the Company’s board of directors;




66         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(ii) for those Transactions that involve provision of goods or services by the Group, the
     Transactions were not, in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the
     Group;

(iii) the Transactions were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the
      relevant agreements governing such transactions;

(iv) the Transactions (other than those transactions with the Registered Owner and the Opcos
     under the contractual arrangements) have exceeded the annual cap as set by the
     Company; and

(v) for those Transactions with the Registered Owner and the Opcos under the contractual
    arrangements, dividends or other distributions have been made by the Opcos to the holders
    of the equity interests of the Opcos which are not otherwise subsequently assigned or
    transferred to the Group.

The Company’s auditor has confirmed in a letter to the Board that, with respect to the aforesaid
continuing connected transactions for the year ended March 31, 2025:

(i)   nothing has come to the auditor’s attention that causes the auditor to believe that the
      disclosed continuing connected transactions have not been approved by the Company’s
      board of directors;

(ii) for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come
     to the auditor’s attention that causes the auditor to believe that the transactions were not,
     in all material respects, in accordance with the pricing policies of the Group;

(iii) nothing has come to the auditor’s attention that causes the auditor to believe that the
      transactions were not entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant
      agreements governing such transactions;

(iv) with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the aforesaid continuing connected
     transactions, nothing has come to the auditor’s attention that causes the auditor to believe
     that the disclosed continuing connected transactions have exceeded the annual cap as set
     by the Company; and

(v) with respect to the disclosed continuing connected transactions with the Registered Owner
    and the Opcos under the contractual arrangements, nothing has come to the auditor’s
    attention that causes the auditor to believe that dividends or other distributions have been
    made by the Opcos to the holders of the equity interests of the Opcos which are not
    otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group.




                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   67
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
During the Reporting Period, save as disclosed in note 33 to the consolidated financial statements,
the Group had no material transactions with its related parties.

The Directors have conducted review of such related party transactions of the Group during the
Reporting Period. All the related party transactions also constitute connected transactions or
continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, and the Company
has complied with the relevant connected transaction requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing
Rules in respect of those connected transactions or continuing connected transactions. The Directors
were not aware of any transactions requiring disclosure of connected transactions in accordance
with the Listing Rules except for those disclosed in this report.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS
No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of
the business of the Company were entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION
A permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors is currently in force and was in force
throughout the Reporting Period. The Company has taken out and maintained appropriate insurance
coverage in respect of potential legal actions against the Directors and officers of the Company.


DONATIONS
During the Reporting Period, the Group made charitable and other donations totaling RMB0.26
million.


MAJOR LEGAL PROCEEDINGS
During the Reporting Period, the Company had no major legal proceedings or arbitration. To the
knowledge of the Directors, there were no major legal actions or claims that had not been
concluded or may threaten our Company.


DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN A COMPETING BUSINESS
During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, none of the Directors is considered to
have interests in a business which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with
the business of the Group and has any other conflicts of interest, as required to be disclosed under
the Listing Rules.




68    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                                                   DIRECTORS’ REPORT

TAX RELIEF
The Company is not aware of any relief on taxation available to the Shareholders by reason of their
holdings of the Shares. If the Shareholders are unsure about the taxation implications of purchasing,
holding, disposing of, dealing in, or exercising of any rights in relation to the Shares, they are
advised to consult their professional advisers.


SIGNIFICANT EVENTS AFTER THE END OF THE REPORTING PERIOD
Save as disclosed in note 37 in the consolidated financial statements, there are no significant events
of the Group subsequent to March 31, 2025 and up to the date of this report.


SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT
Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and to the knowledge of the
Directors, at least 25% of the Company’s total issued share capital was held by the public as at the
date of this report.


AUDITOR
There have been no changes of auditor of the Company in any of the preceding three years. A
resolution for the reappointment of Ernst & Young as auditor of the Company will be proposed at the
forthcoming annual general meeting.

^   For identification purposes only




On behalf of the Board

ZHU Shunyan
Chairman

Hong Kong
May 19, 2025




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   69
BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. SHEN Difan, aged 46, was appointed as an executive Director and chief executive officer of the
Company on October 13, 2021 and November 28, 2023, respectively. He currently also serves as a
director of certain subsidiaries of the Company. From October 2020 to November 28, 2023, he served
as the chief operating officer of the Company. He has been a special assistant to the chairman of
the board of directors of Alibaba Holding from March 2020 to October 2021. Mr. Shen was an
executive Director and chief executive officer of the Company from March 2018 to March 2020. Prior
to the previous term with the Company, he was the general manager of Alibaba Group’s AliExpress
business from March 2012 to March 2018, leading the rapid expansion of AliExpress and growing
Alibaba Group’s overseas brand influence. Mr. Shen had held various positions in Alibaba Group
since he joined in 2004. Mr. Shen holds a Bachelor Degree in Computing from Yantai University in the
PRC.

Mr. TU Yanwu, aged 47, was appointed as an executive Director on October 23, 2020. He has been
the chief financial officer of the Company since April 2020, and is responsible for the overall
financial management and the formulation and implementation of the Group’s strategies. Prior to
that, Mr. Tu was a senior finance director of the Group from September 2019 to March 2020, and
was seconded to Guizhou Ensure Chain Pharmacy Company Limited^ (貴州一樹連鎖藥業有限公司) to
act as its chief financial officer and senior vice president from October 2018 to August 2019. Before
joining the Group, Mr. Tu was the finance director of WuXi AppTec Co., Ltd.^ (無錫藥明康德新藥開發股
份有限公司) (“WuXi AppTec”) from December 2015 to September 2018, where he led the accounting
and reporting team since the delisting of WuXi PharmaTech (Cayman) Inc. from the New York Stock
Exchange through the initial public offering and listing of WuXi AppTec on the Shanghai Stock
Exchange. From April 2008 to April 2015, Mr. Tu held various finance positions at different
departments of General Motors, including being in charge of special projects in the Asia-Pacific
region and holding financial reporting and management positions in the North American region.
Mr. Tu also had over five years of experience in auditing at Arthur Anderson and
PricewaterhouseCoopers in Shanghai where he led the audit team to work on initial public offering
and listing projects across different industries. Mr. Tu obtained a Bachelor of Arts Degree in
Economics and Business Administration in June 2001 from Fudan University in the PRC and he is also
a member of the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants.

Mr. ZHU Shunyan, aged 54, was appointed as an executive Director and the chairman of the Board
on March 16, 2020 and has been re-designated from an executive Director to a non-executive
Director with effect from September 1, 2024. He is currently the chairman of the nomination
committee of the Company (the “Nomination Committee”). For details of the biographical
information of Mr. Zhu, please refer to the paragraph headed “Non-Executive Directors” in this
section.




70    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Mr. ZHU Shunyan, aged 54, is currently a non-executive Director, the chairman of the Board and the
chairman of the Nomination Committee. Mr. Zhu was appointed as an executive Director and the
chairman of the Board on March 16, 2020 and has been re-designated from an executive Director to
a non-executive Director with effect from September 1, 2024. From March 16, 2020 to November 28,
2023, he served as the chief executive officer of the Company. Mr. Zhu was a partner of the Alibaba
Partnership and the President of the Innovation Initiatives Segment of the ultimate controlling
shareholder of the Company, Alibaba Group Holding Limited (“Alibaba Holding”, with its American
depositary shares, each representing eight ordinary shares, listed on the New York Stock Exchange
(stock symbol: BABA), and its ordinary shares listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock
code: 9988 (HKD Counter) and 89988 (RMB Counter)), together with its subsidiaries, “Alibaba
Group”). He was a director of Meinian Onehealth Healthcare Holdings Co., Ltd.^ (美年大健康產業控股
股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 2044) from May 2020
to October 2021. Prior to joining Alibaba Group, Mr. Zhu founded Wuhan Xuncai Technology Co.,
Ltd.^ (武漢迅彩科技公司) in 2003. He joined the founding team of UC Browser in 2007 as senior vice
president, and was responsible for the marketing and commercialization of UC Browser. The
business of UC Browser was acquired by Alibaba Group in June 2014. Subsequently, Mr. Zhu had
served as (i) the president of Alimama Business Group; (ii) the president of UC Browser; (iii) the
president of New Media Businesses of Alibaba Digital Media & Entertainment Business Group,
responsible for the business departments of UC Browser, Alibaba Music and Innovation Business;
and (iv) the president of the Intelligent Information Business Group. Mr. Zhu obtained a Bachelor of
Science Degree in Mathematics in 1993 from Yanshan University in the PRC. He obtained a Master
Degree in Computing Software in 1996 from Huazhong University of Science and Technology in the
PRC.

Ms. HUANG Jiaojiao, aged 43, was appointed as a non-executive Director on May 15, 2023. She is
currently a member of the remuneration committee of the Company (the “Remuneration
Committee”). Ms. Huang has extensive experience in financial management. She has worked at
Alibaba Holding since December 2017 and is currently its senior finance director. Prior to that, she
was the senior finance manager of Alibaba Group from February 2012 to April 2016. Before joining
Alibaba Group, Ms. Huang worked at the Shanghai branch of KPMG Huazhen LLP from August 2004
to February 2012 with her last position as audit manager. She obtained a Bachelor’s degree of
Management majoring in Accounting in July 2004 from the Shanghai University of Finance and
Economics in the PRC.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   71
BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Mr. XU Haipeng, aged 38, was appointed as a non-executive Director on October 19, 2023. Mr. Xu
has been serving as the business head on platform user operation and interaction at the User
Development and Operation Center of the Taobao and Tmall business group within Alibaba Group
since March 2022. Mr. Xu also served as the product head of merchant platforms under Taobao
business group’s product and content ecosystem division from December 2019 to February 2022.
Within the Tmall business group, Mr. Xu served as the head of marketing products in the marketing
platform business division from February 2017 to November 2019, and was responsible for
marketing products at the products technology department from March 2011 to January 2017. Mr. Xu
obtained a bachelor’s degree in industrial design in June 2008 from Qilu University of Technology in
the PRC, and a master’s degree in art design in March 2011 from the East China University of
Science and Technology in the PRC.


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS
Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa), aged 51, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on
June 9, 2019. She is currently the chairman of the Remuneration Committee and a member of the
audit committee of the Company (the “Audit Committee”). Ms. Huang is currently a General Partner
at BVCF Management Ltd. Ms. Huang has over 20 years of investment banking experience in the
United States and Hong Kong. Prior to joining BVCF, she was Head of Emerging Asia Healthcare
Investment Banking at J.P. Morgan. During her time in investment banking, Ms. Huang worked with
companies and investors across Asia Pacific as well as global multinational companies and
institutional investors. Her coverage included all subsectors of healthcare including pharmaceutical,
biotech, medtech and services. She advised on multiple cross-border mergers and acquisitions and
different stages of capital raising. Ms. Huang is a member of the Biotech Advisory Panel of the Stock
Exchange and a member of the Admission Panel of the Incu-Bio Incubation Programme of the Hong
Kong Science and Technology Parks Corporation. Ms. Huang holds a Master of Business
Administration from The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania in the United States of America.
Ms. Huang has been a member of the InnoHK Steering Committee since February 2023. With effect
from November 2024, she has also been appointed as a member of Steering Committee of the
Research, Academic and Industry Sectors One-plus Scheme (the “RAISe+ Scheme”). The Steering
Committee is set up to advise the Hong Kong government on the implementation of the RAISe+
Scheme, and make recommendations to the Commissioner for Innovation and Technology on
approval of applications under the RAISe+ Scheme.




72    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Dr. SHAO Rong, aged 62, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on August 11,
2023. She is currently a member of each of the Audit Committee and the Nomination Committee.
Dr. Shao has extensive experience in the pharmaceutical industry. She currently holds various
positions in China Pharmaceutical University of the PRC, serving as the executive deputy director of its
Research Center of National Drug Policy and Ecosystem and the executive dean of its Institute of
Drug Regulatory Sciences, in charge of regulatory science disciplines and research. Dr. Shao has
been an independent non-executive director of YSB Inc., a company listed on the Main Board of the
Stock Exchange (stock code: 9885), since June 2023. Dr. Shao has also been an independent
director,of Jiangsu GDK Biotechnology Co., Ltd. (江蘇金迪克生物技術股份有限公司), a company listed
on the Shanghai Stock Exchange (stock code: 688670) and Shanghai InnoStar Bio-tech Co., Ltd., a
company listed on the Science and Technology Innovation Board of Shanghai Stock Exchange on
September 3, 2024 (stock code: 688710), since June 2020 and December 2023, respectively. She also
served as an independent director at I-Mab, a company listed on the Nasdaq Global Market (stock
symbol: IMAB) from June 2021 to June 2024. Dr. Shao obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Medicinal
Chemistry in July 1983 from Nanjing College of Pharmacy (currently known as China Pharmaceutical
University) in the PRC, a second Bachelor’s degree in Law in July 1989 from Nanjing University in the
PRC and a PhD degree in Pharmacy in July 2010 from Shenyang Pharmaceutical University in the PRC.
Dr. Shao is a qualified lawyer in the PRC, licensed by the Jiangsu Justice Department in 2009 and is a
holder of a Professor Qualification Certificate awarded by the Jiangsu Provincial Department of
Education in August 2003.

Ms. WU May Yihong, formerly named as Wu Ning, aged 57, was appointed as an independent
non-executive Director on August 11, 2023. She is currently the chairman of the Audit Committee and
a member of each of the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee. Ms. Wu has been
an independent director and chairwoman of the audit committee of MakeMyTrip Limited, a company
listed on Nasdaq (stock symbol: MMYT), since May 15, 2024. She has been an independent director
of Noah Holdings Limited, a company listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock symbol: NOAH)
and the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 6686) since November 2010. Since May 2017,
Ms. Wu has been an independent non-executive director of Swire Properties Limited, the shares of
which are listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (stock code: 1972). Ms. Wu worked at
Homeinns Hotel Group, the shares of which were listed on Nasdaq (stock symbol: HMIN) from
October 2006 to April 2016, where she served as their board adviser from July 2019 to May 2023,
chief strategy officer from May 2010 to June 2019 and chief financial officer from July 2006 to April
2010. Ms. Wu obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Biochemistry in July 1989 from Fudan University in the
PRC, a Master’s degree of Arts in Economics in June 1993 from the Brooklyn College of the City
University of New York, and a Master’s degree in Business Administration in June 1998 from the J.L.
Kellogg Graduate School of Management (currently known as Kellogg School of Management) of
Northwestern University in the United States of America.




                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   73
BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

Save as disclosed in this report, none of the Directors (i) has any relationship with any Directors,
senior management, substantial Shareholders or controlling Shareholders; (ii) holds any directorship
in any other Hong Kong or overseas listed public companies in the last three years; or (iii) holds any
other positions with the Company or other members of the Group. For details of the interests and
short positions of the Directors in the share capital and underlying shares of the Company or its
associated corporations within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance,
please refer to the paragraph headed “Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions
in Shares and Underlying Shares” in this report. Further, save as disclosed in this report, there is no
other matter with respect to the Directors that needs to be brought to the attention of the
Shareholders and there is no other information of the Directors that is required to be disclosed
pursuant to Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules.


JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
Ms. DENG Yan was appointed as one of the joint company secretaries of the Company on August
12, 2023. Ms. Deng has been a qualified lawyer in the PRC since March 2013. She has more than 20
years of working experience and has extensive experience in the legal field. She first joined the
Group as senior legal counsel in December 2016 and has been the general counsel of the Group
since June 2019 and is responsible for leading the legal and compliance department of the Group
and overseeing all legal and compliance matters of the Company. Prior to joining the Group,
Ms. Deng was the legal counsel at the legal and compliance department of Alibaba Group from
June 2014 to December 2016 and was responsible for handling legal matters related to the food,
drug and medical devices sold on Tmall and Taobao platforms. Prior to joining Alibaba Group, from
March 2003 to June 2014, she worked in multiple positions at Beijing Haihong Pharmacy
E-Commerce Company Limited^ (北京海虹藥通電子商務有限公司), a wholly-owned subsidiary of
Searainbow Holding Corp. (海虹企業（控股）股份有限公司) (currently known as China Reform Health
Management and Services Group Co., Ltd (國新健康保障服務集團股份有限公司) which is a company
listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (stock code: 000503), with her last position as deputy
general manager. She obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Law in June 2003 from the Minzu University of
China in the PRC and a Master’s degree in Civil and Commercial Law in January 2011 from Peking
University in the PRC.

Ms. TSUI Hiu Leong was appointed as one of the joint company secretaries of the Company on
August 12, 2023. Ms. Tsui joined the Company in January 2023 as a legal counsel. Ms. Tsui has
extensive experience in advising listed companies on mergers and acquisitions, corporate finance
and compliance of the Listing Rules and securities and corporate laws. Prior to joining the Company,
she worked for Guantao & Chow Solicitors and Notaries as a practising solicitor from 2018 to 2022.
Ms. Tsui obtained a Bachelor’s degree in Law from Jinan University in the PRC, a Master’s degree in
Common Law from The University of Hong Kong and a Bachelor’s degree in Law from Manchester
Metropolitan University in the United Kingdom. She was admitted as a solicitor of the High Court of
Hong Kong in 2018 and is currently a member of the Law Society of Hong Kong.

^    For identification purposes only




74      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Company strives to attain and maintain high standards of corporate governance continuously to
enable its shareholders to evaluate how the principles of corporate governance have been applied,
as it believes that effective corporate governance practices are fundamental to safeguarding the
interests of its shareholders and other stakeholders, and to enhancing shareholder value.

In the opinion of the Board, throughout the Reporting Period, the Company has complied with the
code provisions (“Code Provision(s)”) set out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”)
under Appendix C1 to the Listing Rules, except in respect of the following matters:

Code Provision D.1.2 stipulates that management should provide all members of the Board with
monthly updates giving a balanced and understandable assessment of the Company’s performance,
position and prospects in sufficient details to enable the Board as a whole and each Director to
discharge their duties under Rule 3.08 and Chapter 13 of the Listing Rules. The Company from time
to time, based on business needs and conditions, provides to the Board up-to-date business
information and convenes ad hoc meetings for considering material business or management
issues, so as to enable the Directors and the Board as a whole to discharge their duties.


THE BOARD
Composition

As at March 31, 2025 and up to the date of this report, the Board comprised eight Directors,
including (i) two executive Directors, namely Mr. SHEN Difan and Mr. TU Yanwu (Mr. ZHU Shunyan
was re-designated from an executive Director to a non-executive Director with effect from
September 1, 2024); (ii) three non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Zhu Shunyan (re-designated from
an executive Director to a non-executive Director with effect from September 1, 2024), Ms. HUANG
Jiaojiao and Mr. XU Haipeng; and (iii) three independent non-executive Directors, namely Ms. HUANG
Yi Fei (Vanessa), Dr. SHAO Rong and Ms. WU May Yihong. The name and biographical details of each
Director are disclosed on pages 70 to 74 of this report.

The non-executive Directors and the independent non-executive Directors are appointed for a term of
one year and their respective appointment shall be renewable automatically for successive term of
one year each commencing from the next day after the expiry of the then current term of their
appointment unless terminated by the Company in accordance with the term of their appointment
letters and the provisions of the bye-laws of the Company, respectively.

During the year ended March 31, 2025 and up to the date of this report, all Directors have brought a
wide spectrum of valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for the
efficient and effective delivery of the Board’s functions. The independent non-executive Directors are
invited to serve on the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination
Committee.




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   75
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Each independent non-executive Director, pursuant to the guidelines set out in rule 3.13 of the
Listing Rules, has confirmed he/she had been independent of the Company throughout the year
ended March 31, 2025 and up to the date of this report, and the Company also considers that they
have been independent. Each independent non-executive Director is subject to the requirement that
one-third of all the Directors shall retire from office by rotation at each annual general meeting
pursuant to the bye-laws of the Company. Save as disclosed in the section headed ““Biographical
Information of Directors and Senior Management” of this report, there is no relationship (including
financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationship) between each Director
(including independent non-executive Director) and the other members of the Board or the senior
management and between the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer.

Function

The key responsibilities of the Board include, among other things, formulating the Group’s overall
strategies, setting any major acquisition and disposal, major capital investment and dividend
policies, regulating and reviewing internal controls, formulating the Company’s corporate
governance policy, supervising management’s performance and reviewing the adequacy of the
Group’s resources.

In addition, the Board reserves the authority to make final decisions for all major matters of the
Company, which include among others, approving and monitoring of all policy matters, overall
strategies and budgets, risk management and internal control systems, adoption of various
corporate governance policies, dividend payout (if any), preparation and release of financial
information, material and connected transactions, appointment of Directors and other significant
financial and operational matters.

In order to enhance efficiency, the Board has delegated the day-to-day responsibilities, operations
and decisions to the executive Directors and the senior management of the Company who perform
their duties under the leadership of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.

The independent non-executive Directors play a significant role on the Board by virtue of their
independent judgment and their views carry significant weight in the Board’s decisions. They bring
an impartial view on issues of the Company’s strategies, performance and controls.

The Company views that well-developed and timely reporting systems and internal controls are
essential, and the Board plays a key role in the implementation and monitoring of internal financial
controls.

The Board recognizes that corporate governance should be the collective responsibility of Directors
and their corporate governance duties include:

(a) to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and to
    make recommendations to the Board;

(b) to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and
    senior management;



76    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

(c) to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and
    regulatory requirements;

(d) to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to
    employees and Directors; and

(e) to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the corporate governance
    report.

During the Reporting Period, the Board has performed the above corporate governance duties.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

The roles of the Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company are separate with a clear and
well-established division of responsibilities. The Chairman of the Board, Mr. ZHU Shunyan, is
responsible for the leadership and effective running of the Board. The Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, Mr. SHEN Difan, is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Company’s
business. The Company had been in compliance with the requirements under the Code Provision
C.2.1 of separating the roles of the chairman and the chief executive officer during the Reporting
Period and to the date of this report.

The Board held five Board meetings during the Reporting Period. Agenda and accompanying board
papers were sent to all Directors in a timely manner. Directors who could not attend in person could
participate through electronic means of communications. Individual attendance of each Director at
the Board meetings, Board Committee meetings and general meetings during the Reporting Period
are set out in the table below:

                                     Annual                             Audit Remuneration Nomination
                                    General          Board          Committee   Committee Committee
Directors                           Meeting         Meeting           Meeting     Meeting    Meeting


Executive Directors
Mr. SHEN Difan                          1/1                5/5                 N/A                    N/A                N/A
Mr. TU Yanwu                            1/1                5/5                 N/A                    N/A                N/A

Non-executive Directors
Mr. ZHU Shunyan (Chairman)              1/1                5/5                 N/A                    N/A                2/2
Ms. HUANG Jiaojiao                      1/1                5/5                 N/A                    2/2                N/A
Mr. XU Haipeng                          1/1                5/5                 N/A                    N/A                N/A

Independent Non-executive
  Directors
Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa)              1/1                5/5                 2/2                    2/2                N/A
Dr. SHAO Rong                           1/1                5/5                 2/2                    N/A                2/2
Ms. WU May Yihong                       1/1                5/5                 2/2                    2/2                2/2




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report    77
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Directors’ Training

Each newly-appointed Director is offered training by the Company upon his or her appointment, so
as to ensure that they have appropriate understanding of the Company’s business and they are
aware of their duties as directors under the applicable laws and regulations.

Pursuant to Code Provision C.1.4, all directors should participate in continuous professional
development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills. This is to ensure that their
contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant. During the Reporting Period, all of the
following Directors participated in continuous professional development by attending seminar or by
self-studying of materials on topics related to corporate governance, regulations and business:

Executive Directors

Mr. SHEN Difan                                                                         Attend seminar and self-study
Mr. TU Yanwu                                                                           Attend seminar and self-study

Non-executive Directors

Mr. ZHU Shunyan                                                                        Attend seminar and self-study
Ms. HUANG Jiaojiao                                                                     Attend seminar and self-study
Mr. XU Haipeng                                                                         Attend seminar and self-study

Independent Non-executive Directors

Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa)                                                             Attend seminar and self-study
Dr. SHAO Rong                                                                          Attend seminar and self-study
Ms. WU May Yihong                                                                      Attend seminar and self-study

Board Committees

During the Reporting Period, the Company maintained the Audit Committee, the Nomination
Committee and the Remuneration Committee in compliance with the Listing Rules and the relevant
Code Provisions.

Remuneration Committee

During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee comprised Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa)
(Chairman), Ms. HUANG Jiaojiao, and Ms. WU May Yihong with specific terms of reference which
clearly deals with its authority and duties.

The main duties of the Remuneration Committee include:

(a) to make recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for all Directors
    and senior management remuneration and other remuneration related matters and on the
    establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing the remuneration policy;




78    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

(b) to assess the performance of executive Directors and approve the terms of executive Directors’
    service contract and make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of
    individual executive Directors and senior management, including benefits in kind, pension rights
    and compensation payments (including any compensation payable for loss or termination of
    their office or appointment);

(c) to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors;

(d) to review and approve the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s
    corporate goals and objectives; and

(e) to review, provide its view on and/or approve matters relating to share schemes under Chapter
    17 of the Listing Rules (including but not limited to any change to the terms of share options or
    awards granted to the Directors and the management of the Company).

The Remuneration Committee held two meetings during the Reporting Period. The Remuneration
Committee discussed and made recommendations on the remuneration to be paid to the Directors
for the Reporting Period, and the grant of share options and restricted share units under the 2014
Share Award Scheme and 2024 Share Award Scheme.

According to the 2014 Share Award Scheme and 2024 Share Award Scheme, the Board or the
Remuneration Committee (as the case may be) is entitled to impose any terms and conditions as it
deems appropriate in its absolute discretion with respect to the vesting of the Options provided that
the vesting period for the Options shall not be less than 12 months unless under specific
circumstances set out in the Share Award Scheme. During the Reporting Period, some of the Share
Awards granted to the grantees during the Reporting Period have a vesting period that is less than
12 months due to administrative reasons. The period between the date of grant and the first vesting
date is less than 12 months to reflect the time from which the Share Awards would have been
granted to the grantees. The Share Awards granted during the Reporting Period are generally not
subject to performance targets but are subject to the clawback mechanism in which any
circumstances as specified in the respective grant letter shall arise, which include among others, the
termination of the grantee’s employment or service by the Company or any of its subsidiaries by
reason of the employer terminating the contract of employment without notice or payment in lieu of
notice, the grantee has committed an act of theft, embezzlement, fraud, dishonesty, ethical breach
or other similar acts or the commission of a criminal offence or any conduct that is materially
adverse to the name, reputation or interests of the Group, the Share Awards granted but unvested
will automatically lapse and not be exercisable (with regard to share options), in respect of the
underlying Shares with effect upon the occurrence of the relevant circumstances.

Having considered that (i) the grantees are Directors, directors of subsidiaries of the Company,
employees of the Company and employees of affiliate(s) of the Company and the grant of Share
Awards would provide them with the opportunity to acquire equity interests in the Company as
recognition of their contribution to the success and development of the Group, and (ii) the Share
Awards vest over a certain time period on a yearly basis which motivates them to remain with, and
to strive for the future development and expansion of, the Group and the Remuneration Committee
considered that performance targets are not necessary for the Share Awards granted.



                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   79
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Having considered the above, the Remuneration Committee was of the view that it is appropriate to
approve the grant of Share Awards on such terms to the grantees as it would encourage them to
work towards the success of the Group and reinforce their commitment to providing long term
services to the Group, which aligns with the interests of the Company and its shareholders and is in
line with the purpose of the 2014 Share Award Scheme and 2024 Share Award Scheme.

Audit Committee

During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee comprised Ms. WU May Yihong (Chairman),
Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa) and Dr. SHAO Rong with specific terms of reference which clearly deals
with its authority and duties.

The main duties of the Audit Committee include:

(a) to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment, reappointment and removal of the
    external auditor, and to approve the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external
    auditor, and any questions in relation to its resignation or dismissal;

(b) to discuss with the external auditor the nature and scope of the audit and reporting obligations
    before the audit commences;

(c) to review the half-year and annual financial statements and annual and interim reports and
    accounts before submission to the Board;

(d) to discuss problems and reservations arising from the interim and final audits, and any matters
    the auditor may wish to discuss;

(e) to review the external auditor’s management letter, any material queries raised by the auditor to
    the management about the accounting records, financial accounts or systems of control and
    management’s response;

(f)   to review the Company’s financial controls, risk management systems and internal control
      systems;

(g) to review and monitor the effectiveness of the internal audit function, and ensure coordination
    with the external auditor, and ensure the internal audit function has adequate resources and
    appropriate standing within the Company;

(h) to discuss the risk management and internal control system with management to ensure that
    management has performed its duty to have an effective system. This discussion should include
    the adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training program and budget of
    the Company’s accounting and financial reporting function;

(i)   to report on how it met its responsibilities in its review of the interim and annual results of the
      Company; and




80      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

(j)   to consider the major investigation findings on risk management and internal control matters and
      management’s response to these findings (if any).

The Audit Committee held two meetings during the Reporting Period. The Audit Committee reviewed
the financial statements of the Company for the Corresponding Period and for the six months period
ended September 30, 2024, re-appointment of Ernst & Young as auditor of the Company, internal
controls and risk management system and Ernst & Young’s audit plan for the Reporting Period, and
made relevant recommendations to the Board for its approval.

During the Reporting Period, a specialized internal audit function carried out the analysis and
independent appraisal of the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and
internal control systems.

Nomination Committee

The Nomination Committee comprised Mr. ZHU Shunyan (Chairman), Dr. SHAO Rong and Ms. WU May
Yihong with specific terms of reference which clearly deals with its authority and duties.

The main duties of the Nomination Committee include:

(a) to review the structure, size, composition and diversity (including but not limited to gender, age,
    cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills and knowledge) of the
    Board at least annually and to make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board
    to complement the Company’s corporate strategy;

(b) to identify individuals suitably qualified to become members of the Board and to select or to make
    recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships;

(c) to assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors; and

(d) to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment or removal of
    Directors and succession planning for Directors, in particular the chairman of the Board and the
    chief executive officer of the Company.

The Nomination Committee held two meetings during the Reporting Period. The Nomination
Committee, identified and nominated qualified individual(s) for appointment as additional Director(s)
or to fill Board vacancies as and when they arise, assessed the independence of the independent
non-executive Directors, reviewed the retirement schedule, made recommendations on the
retirement and re-election of Directors and reviewed the composition, size and diversity of the
Board.




                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   81
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

NOMINATION POLICY
The Board has adopted a nomination policy which sets out the criteria and process in the
nomination and appointment of Directors. Below are the nomination procedures and the process
and criteria adopted by the Nomination Committee to select and recommend candidates for
directorship.

Selection Criteria

The Nomination Committee shall consider the following criteria in evaluating and selecting
candidates for directorships:

•    character and integrity;

•    qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience and diversity
     aspects under the Board Diversity Policy that are relevant to the Company’s business and
     corporate strategy;

•    any measurable objectives adopted for achieving diversity on the Board;

•    (in case of independent non-executive Directors) requirement for the Board to have independent
     non-executive Directors in accordance with the Listing Rules and whether the candidate would
     be considered independent with reference to the independence guidelines set out in the Listing
     Rules;

•    any potential contributions the candidate can bring to the Board in terms of qualifications, skills,
     experience, independence and gender diversity;

•    willingness and ability to devote adequate time to discharge duties as a member of the Board
     and/or Board committee(s) of the Company; and

•    any other perspectives that are appropriate to the Company’s business and succession plan and
     where applicable, may be adopted and/or amended by the Board and/or the Nomination
     Committee from time to time for nomination of Directors and succession planning.

Directors Nomination Procedures

The Board has the relevant procedures for Directors’ nomination which are pursuant to the Listing
Rules and the Company’s bye-laws as detailed below.




82     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

(a) Appointment of New Director

    The Nomination Committee or the company secretary of the Company shall call for a meeting of
    the Nomination Committee upon receipt of any nominations of candidates. The Nomination
    Committee should evaluate such candidate based on the selection criteria mentioned above to
    determine whether such candidate is qualified for directorship. The Nomination Committee
    should then recommend to the Board to appoint the appropriate candidate for directorship. For
    any person that is nominated by a Shareholder for election as a Director at the general
    meeting, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should evaluate such candidate based on
    the same selection criteria as mentioned above to determine whether such candidate is
    qualified for directorship, and where appropriate, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board
    should make recommendation to the Shareholders in respect of the proposed election of
    Director at the general meeting. The Board should have the final decision on all matters relating
    to its recommendation of candidates to stand for election at any general meeting.

(b) Re-election of Director at General Meeting

    Retiring Directors are eligible for nomination by the Board to stand for re-election at the general
    meeting according to the bye-laws of the Company. The Nomination Committee and/or the
    Board should review the overall contribution and service of the retiring Director to the Company,
    his/her level of participation and performance on the Board and determine whether the retiring
    Director continues to meet the above selection criteria. The Nomination Committee and/or the
    Board should then make recommendation to the Shareholders in respect of the proposed
    re-election of Director at the general meeting.


BOARD AND WORKFORCE DIVERSITY
With effect from June 19, 2014, the Board adopted a board diversity policy setting out the approach
to achieve diversity on the Board. The Board considered that the diversity of Board members can be
achieved through the consideration of a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age,
cultural and educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length
of service. All Board appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered
against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of diversity of the Board. The
Nomination Committee reviews the board diversity policy on a regular basis and discusses any
revisions that might be required, and recommends to the Board for consideration and approval. An
annual review of this policy for the Reporting Period has been conducted. The Board is satisfied with
the implementation and effectiveness of the board diversity policy.

As at March 31, 2025, the Board comprised four males and four females, and among the 1,364
employees of the Group (including the senior management), the ratio of male to female staff was
approximately 1:1. The Board considers that the Board, the Group’s senior management and
workforce are all diverse in terms of gender. At present, the Company has not set any measurable
objectives for implementation of the diversity policies in relation to the Board members and the
workforce of the Group (including gender diversity). However, the Company will consider and review
from time to time such diversity policies (including gender diversity) and setting of any measurable
objectives (if applicable).


                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   83
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

MODEL CODE FOR SECURITIES TRANSACTIONS
The Company has adopted its own code for securities transactions by the (i) Directors; and (ii)
certain officers and employees of the Company or its subsidiaries that are considered to be likely in
possession of unpublished inside information in relation to the Company or its securities, on terms
not less exacting than those in the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed
Companies (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix C3 to the Listing Rules.

In response to specific enquiries made by the Company to all Directors, all Directors have confirmed
that they have complied with the Model Code and the Company’s code for securities transactions
throughout the Reporting Period.


JOINT COMPANY SECRETARIES
During the Reporting Period, the joint company secretaries, Ms. Deng Yan and Ms. Tsui Hiu Leong,
had taken relevant professional training for no less than 15 hours in accordance with the
requirements of Rule 3.29 of the Hong Kong Listing Rules.


REMUNERATION OF SENIOR MANAGEMENT BY BAND
The remuneration of the senior management of the Company (namely three Directors, whose
biographies are set out on page 70 of this report) during the Reporting Period falls under the
following bands:

                                                                                        Number of
Band of remuneration (RMB)                                                              individuals


1,000,000 to 5,000,000                                                                            1
5,000,001 to 10,000,000                                                                           1
25,000,001 to 30,000,000                                                                          1

Further particulars of Directors’ remuneration and the five highest paid employees of the Company
as required to be disclosed pursuant to Appendix D2 to the Listing Rules are set out in notes 7 and
8 to the consolidated financial statements respectively.


AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION
The remuneration paid to Ernst & Young for audit and non-audit services for the Reporting Period
amounted to approximately RMB4,230,000 and RMB2,952,000, respectively. Such remuneration for
audit services includes RMB80,000 as the fees rendered for the audit of internal control over
financial reporting. The non-audit services provided by Ernst & Young to the Group were in relation
to the review service on the interim results, limited assurance services on continuing connected
transactions, other professional service related to the environmental, social and governance
assessment, tax review service and transfer pricing review service.




84    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS
The Board and the management of the Group maintain a sound and effective system of internal
controls of the Group so as to ensure the effectiveness and efficiency of operations of the Group in
achieving its established corporate objectives, safeguarding assets of the Group, rendering reliable
financial reporting and complying with the applicable laws and regulations.

The Board is also responsible for making appropriate assertions on the adequacy of internal controls
over financial reporting and the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures. Through the
Audit Committee, the Board reviews the effectiveness of these systems. For the avoidance of doubt,
such systems are designed to manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business
objectives, and can only provide reasonable and not absolute assurance against material
misstatement or loss.

It is also the Board’s responsibility to review the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management
system and ensure that risk management controls are sound and effective to safeguard the
investment of the Shareholders and the Group’s assets at all times. In connection with this, the
Board formed a risk management committee (the “Risk Management Committee”) on November
23, 2016 to discharge its role in monitoring and in exercising oversight over the risk management of
the Company.

During the Reporting Period, the Company has regularly monitored its transactions in the identifying
potential connected transactions to ensure that connected transaction implications on VIE
arrangements would be identified in a prompt manner, and relevant staff and management had
also attended training on legal and compliance matters related to the Listing Rules.

The Audit Committee and the Board performed its annual review of the Group’s risk management
and internal controls for each financial year from April 1 to March 31 and concluded that for the
Reporting Period, (a) the Group’s risk management and internal control systems were effective and
adequate; (b) the Group had adopted the necessary control mechanisms to monitor and correct
non-compliance; and (c) the Group had complied satisfactorily with the requirements of the CG Code
in respect of risk management and internal control systems.


SHAREHOLDER COMMUNICATION POLICY
Purpose

1.   This policy aims at ensuring that the Shareholders, both individual and institutional, and, in
     appropriate circumstances, the investment community at large, are provided with ready, equal
     and timely access to balanced and understandable information about the Company (including
     its financial performance, strategic goals and plans, material developments, governance and risk
     profile), to enable Shareholders to exercise their rights in an informed manner, and to allow
     Shareholders and the investment community to engage actively with the Company.




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   85
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Communication Strategies

Communication with the Company

2.   Shareholders may direct questions, request for publicly available information and provide
     comments and suggestions to Directors or management of the Company. Those questions,
     requests and comments can be sent by mail to the company secretary of the Company at 26/F,
     Tower 1, Times Square, 1 Matheson Street, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong.

3.   Shareholders may direct their questions about their shareholdings by mail to the Company’s Share
     Registrar, Tricor Secretaries Limited at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong
     Kong.

Corporate Website

4.   The Company communicates to its Shareholders through announcements and interim and annual
     reports published on its website at http://www.irasia.com/listco/hk/alihealth/. The information
     on the website is updated on a regular basis.

5.   Information released by the Company to the Stock Exchange is also posted on the Stock Exchange’s
     website immediately thereafter. Such information includes financial statements, results
     announcements, circulars and notices of general meetings and associated explanatory
     documents etc.

Shareholders’ meetings

6.   The Shareholders are encouraged to participate in general meetings or to appoint proxies to
     attend and vote at meetings for and on their behalf if they are unable to attend the meetings.

7.   The process of the Company’s general meetings will be monitored and reviewed on a regular
     basis, and, if necessary, changes will be made to ensure that Shareholders’ needs are best
     served.

8.   Board members, in particular, either the chairman of the Board or chairman of Board committees
     or their delegates, appropriate management executives and external auditor will attend annual
     general meetings to answer Shareholders’ questions.

Upon reviewing the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders’ communication policy of
the Company, the Board considers the policy and its implementation are effective as the policy has
provided effective channels for Shareholders, potential investors and other stakeholders of the Group
to communicate their views with the Company and the Company has complied with the principles
and required practices as set out in the policy as described above during the Reporting Period.




86     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Shareholder Privacy

The Company recognizes the importance of the Shareholders’ privacy and will not disclose
Shareholders’ information without their consent, except where required by applicable laws and
regulations, any stock exchanges (including the Stock Exchange) or any governmental, judicial or
relevant competent authorities.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS
Procedures for shareholders to convene a special general meeting

Shareholders, holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one tenth of the
paid-up capital of the Company carrying the right to vote at general meetings of the Company, shall
at all times have the right by written requisition to the Board or the company secretary, to require a
special general meeting (the “SGM”) to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business
specified in such requisition.

The requisitionists must state the purpose of the meeting and their contact details in the requisition,
and sign and deposit the requisition at the principal place of business of the Company for the
attention of the company secretary.

The SGM shall be held within two months from the deposit of the requisition. If the Board fails to
proceed to convene the SGM within 21 days of such deposit, the requisitionists may convene the
SGM by themselves in accordance with the provisions of Section 74(3) of the Companies Act 1981 of
Bermuda (as amended) (the “Companies Act”).

Procedures for putting forward proposals at general meetings

Shareholders holding not less than 5% of the total voting rights of all Shareholders having a right to
vote at the general meeting or not less than 100 Shareholders can submit a written request stating
a resolution to be moved at the annual general meeting or a statement of not more than 1,000
words with respect to a matter referred to in any proposed resolution or the business to be dealt
with at a particular general meeting.

The requisitionists must sign and deposit the written request or statement at the registered office of
the Company and the principal place of business of the Company for the attention of the company
secretary, not less than six weeks before the annual general meeting in the case of a requisition
requiring notice of a resolution and not less than one week before the general meeting in the case
of any other requisition.

If the written request is in order, the company secretary will ask the Board to include the resolution
in the agenda for the annual general meeting, as the case may be, to circulate the statement for the
general meeting, provided that the requisitionists have deposited a sum of money reasonably
determined by the Board sufficient to meet the expenses in serving the notice of the resolution and/
or circulating the statement submitted by the requisitionists in accordance with the statutory
requirements to all the registered Shareholders.



                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   87
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Procedures for sending enquiries to the Board

Shareholders may send their enquiries with sufficient contact details to the Board at the principal
place of the business of the Company for the attention of the company secretary. When the written
enquiries are in order, the Company will direct them to the Board.


CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS
Pursuant to a special resolution of the Shareholders passed on the annual general meeting of the
Company held on August 30, 2024, the amended and restated bye-laws of the Company (the
“Amended Bye-Laws”) were adopted with effect from August 30, 2024 in order to, inter alia, (i)
comply with the latest regulatory requirements in relation to the expanded paperless listing regime
and the electronic dissemination of corporate communications by listed issuers to their securities
holders and the relevant amendments to the Listing Rules which came into effect on December 31,
2023; (ii) allow the Company to hold and resale its shares as treasury shares in accordance with
applicable laws of Bermuda and the recent amendments to the Listing Rules relating to treasury
shares which became effective on June 11, 2024; and (iii) incorporate certain other consequential
and housekeeping changes.

Details of the amendments are set out in the Company’s circular dated July 30, 2024. The Amended
Bye-Laws are available on the website of the Company and the website of the Stock Exchange.


DIVIDEND POLICY
The Company has adopted a dividend policy that, in recommending or declaring dividends, the
Company shall maintain adequate and sufficient cash reserves for meeting its working capital
requirements and future growth as well as its shareholder value. The Board has the full discretion to
declare and distribute dividends to the Shareholders, and any final dividend for a financial year will
be subject to Shareholders’ approval. In proposing any dividend payout, the Board shall also take
into account, among other things, the Group’s financial results, financial position, cash flow
situation, business conditions and strategies, expected future operations and earnings, capital
requirements and expenditure plans, interests of Shareholders, any restrictions on payment of
dividends and any other factors the Board may consider relevant. Any payment of the dividend by
the Company is also subject to any restrictions under the Companies Act, the Company’s bye-laws
and all applicable laws and regulations.


MECHANISM ON OBTAINING INDEPENDENT VIEWS AND INPUT
The Board has adopted a mechanism on obtaining independent views and input in that the Board,
Board committees or individual Directors may seek such independent professional advice, views and
input as considered necessary to fulfil their responsibilities and in exercising independent judgement
when making decisions in furtherance of their Directors’ duties at the Company’s expense.




88    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Independent professional advice shall include legal advice and advice of accountants and other
professional financial advisers on matters of law, accounting, tax and other regulatory matters.

Despite having obtained any information or advice from independent professional advisers, the
Directors are expected to exercise independent judgement in forming their decisions.

All Directors are aware of this mechanism. An annual review of this mechanism for the Reporting
Period has been conducted. The Board is satisfied with the implementation and effectiveness of this
mechanism.


WHISTLEBLOWING POLICY
The Company’s whistleblowing policy was adopted on November 29, 2022. The Company’s
whistleblowing policy allows employees and relevant third parties who deal with the Group to voice
concerns, in confidence and anonymity, with the integrity department of the Company about
misconduct, malpractice or irregularities in any matters related to the Group who then conducts an
investigation into the matter and later report on the findings of such investigation to the Audit
Committee (or any designated committee comprising a majority of independent non-executive
directors).


ANTI-CORRUPTION POLICY
The Company has adopted an Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy, which sets forth the
obligations and responsibilities of the Company on the prevention of corruption and bribery
practices and provide standards and guidelines for all employees. The Company and its employees
are subject to anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and regulations in the jurisdictions where their
business is conducted.

The anti-corruption policy will be reviewed on a regular basis, and any conduct or activity in
violation of the policy will be reported to the legal and compliance department of the Company.


HANDLING AND DISSEMINATION OF INSIDE INFORMATION
The Company has in place a policy for the handling and disclosure of inside information in
compliance with the SFO and the Listing Rules. The policy sets out the procedures and internal
controls for the handling and dissemination of inside information in a timely manner so as to allow
all the shareholders and stakeholders to assess the latest position of the Group.

Under the policy, if an employee is aware of any information which he/she thinks could potentially
constitute inside information, the employee should consult his/her supervisor who should consider
whether to report the matter to the chief financial officer or chief legal officer of the Company.

Directors regularly attend seminars and/or self-study materials on this subject matter to facilitate
their understanding and compliancy with the policy.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   89
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN PREPARING THE FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS
The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the Company’s financial statements of
the Group (the “Financial Statements”) which give a true and fair view and are in accordance with
Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards published by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. The Directors endeavor to ensure a balanced, clear and understandable assessments of
the Group’s performance, position and prospects in financial reporting. Accordingly, appropriate
accounting policies are selected and applied consistently; judgments and estimates made are
prudent and reasonable.

The statement of the Company’s auditor about their reporting responsibilities on the Financial
Statements is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 100 to 106 of this report.




90    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
   RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

1. RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL
  The Group considers risk management and internal control to be a core part of its operational
  management and business activities. The Group is committed to: (i) establishing a
  comprehensive risk management system that is in line with the Group’s strategy and its specific
  business characteristics; (ii) continually optimizing its risk management organizational structure;
  (iii) enhancing its risk management processes; and (iv) adopting qualitative and quantitative risk
  management approaches to drive better identification, assessment and response of risks, to
  achieve a balance between risks and rewards, and to achieve sustainable development of the
  Group’s businesses while appropriately managing risks.


2. RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL FRAMEWORK
  The risk management and internal control systems aim to support the Group in realizing its
  strategic objectives, vision and mission as well as the sustainable development of its business.
  The risk management objectives of “Strategy”, “Operation”, “Reporting” and “Compliance”
  can be achieved through risk identification, assessment, response and relevant monitoring
  measures. Risk management capability is one of our core competitive competencies, and we
  believe that implementing risk management and internal control systems over each business
  segment and every functional department across the Group will help enhance long-term
  shareholder value. The Group’s risk management and internal control framework includes three
  levels: strategy, management and operation.




                                                                                                                               Strategy Level
                                                                   Risk
                                                                 Strategy

                                                              Risk Objectives

                                                              Risk Appetite


                                                                                               nu
                                                          Risk Management                  nt i
                                          m
                                                       Organizational Structure          Co




                                                                                                                                Management Level
                                    Sy
                                      st e                                                   al
                                                                                               Im
                                em                                                                          n
                                                                                                         me
                                   en
                                      t            Identify                     Assess                 ve
                            na g                                                                    pro
                           Ma                                                                             ta
                          isk                           Risk Management                                    nd
                       fR                                   Processes                                             ha
                    to                                                                                          En
                   yo                         Report                                                                em
                      u                                          Monitor             Respond                      nc
                  La
                                                                                                                       en t



                                          Risk Management Assurance Mechanism
                                                                                                                              Operation

                                                                                                                                Level
                                                                                              Communication
                   Business Processes                    Performance Appraisal
                                                                                               and Training




                                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report           91
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

•    Risk Management Strategy

     The Group’s risk management strategy aims at “ensuring steady growth and sustainable
     development of the Group’s businesses through continual optimization of the Group’s risk
     management framework, capability and culture”.

•    Risk Management Objectives

     The Group’s risk management objectives include: (1) strategic objective — to construct our risk
     management and internal control systems so that they are compatible with the Group’s strategic
     objectives and business development, and support the achievement of its strategic goals and
     sustainable business development; (2) operational objective — to continuously improve the
     Group’s risk management capabilities, thereby reducing uncertainties in the achievement of our
     operational goals, supporting our business expansion and innovative activities, and ensuring the
     efficiency and effectiveness of our operational activities; (3) reporting objective — to ensure the
     validity, accuracy and completeness of our financial and operation management reporting; and
     (4) compliance objective — to ensure compliance with both external regulatory requirements and
     internal management policies, standardize our operational management and business processes
     to maintain the legality and compliance of each business activity of the Company.

•    Risk Appetite

     Risk appetite sets the tone for the Group’s overall risk profile. Having adopted a prudent stance
     in the determination of its risk appetite, the Group integrates its development strategies with its
     risk appetite by taking into account its overall strategic deployment and the needs of each
     business segment, thereby facilitating the healthy operation and sustainable growth of the
     Group as well as each business line.




92     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
        RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

•   Risk Management Organizational Structure

    The Group’s risk management organizational structure has three levels: governance,
    management and execution. The risk management responsibilities and reporting relationships of
    the different levels are illustrated below.


                                                                                        The Board
                                                                             Ensure that eﬀective risk management             Oversee management’s design,
                              Assess and determine the nature and
                                                                             and internal control systems have been        implementation and monitoring of the
                            level of risks that the Company is willing
                                                                               established and maintained by the          Company’s risk management and internal
                             to accept to achieve its strategic goals




               Governance
                                                                                            Company                         control systems on an ongoing basis




                                   Risk Management Committee                                                          Audit Committee

                              Review and provide assurance to the Board on the eﬀective
                                                                                                      Review the eﬀectiveness of the Company's risk management
                            design and implementation of the Company’s risk management
                                                                                                         and internal control systems, and report to the Board
                                            and internal control systems




                               Operation and Management Committee, Comprehensive


               Management
                            Business Risk Management Committee, and Senior Management

                              Manage and control business risks, and help the management quickly identify and formulate risk response
                              strategies. Design, implement and monitor the risk management and internal control systems, and provide
                                                  assurance to the Risk Management Committee on their eﬀectiveness




                                 Business Team                             Risk Management Team                             Internal Audit Team
                             (First Line of Defence)                       (Second Line of Defence)                        (Third Line of Defence)

               Execution     Each business team takes responsibility
                                                                            Risk governance, quality control, internal
                                                                                                                           Conduct independent supervision and
                                                                            control, ﬁnance and legal teams conduct
                            for daily business operation and internal                                                      assessment on the eﬀectiveness of risk
                                                                             daily supervision of the work at the First
                                         control functions                                                                   management and internal control
                                                                                         Line of Defence




•   Risk Management Processes

    •    Risk identification — based on the Group’s strategic and operational objectives, management
         identifies uncertainties and risk exposures which could affect the Group in realizing its
         strategic and operational objectives in nine major areas, including strategy, operation,
         quality, customers service, finance, laws, human resources, information technology and
         data, and reputation.

    •    Risk assessment — management and its management team evaluate and rate the identified
         risks based on the two dimensions of probability and impact and ranks them as “high”,
         “moderate” or “low” based on the rating results.

    •    Risk response — risk response strategies include risk avoidance, transfer, mitigation and
         acceptance. Based on the risk identification and assessment results, management adopts
         appropriate risk response strategy to design relevant measures to address the specific risk.




                                                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report             93
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

     •     Risk monitoring — risk monitoring is to oversee the implementation of risk response measures
           as well as to continuously improve the effectiveness of internal control activities, which
           includes ongoing monitoring during daily business operation and regular independent
           assessment.

     •     Risk reporting — risk reporting is to report on the effectiveness of the design and
           implementation of the risk management and internal control systems to the Group
           management, the Board, the Audit Committee and the Risk Management Committee.

•    Risk Management Assurance Mechanisms

     •     The Group’s management actions for risk response include processes and internal control
           activities at the organizational, operational, financial reporting and IT system levels. The
           relevant processes and internal control activities have been recorded in internal control
           manuals and policies, which are published on our policy management platform as
           reference and learning materials for all employees. The Group also established a rules
           center to publicize policies and requirements in respect of the management of partners and
           businesses.

     •     Risk management performance appraisal provides assurance for risk management
           implementation and the Group ensures implementation of its risk management strategies by
           raising all employees’ risk awareness, standardizing internal control processes and adopting
           the accountability mechanism of all employees.

     •     The Group ensures the implementation of operational procedures, policies and internal
           control activities through related communication and trainings on risk management and
           internal control, which may take such forms as centralized training sessions, seminars,
           on-job communication and instructions, online video courses, e-mail reminders and online
           examinations etc., covering content such as policies, internal control, legal and regulatory
           compliance, integrity, and data security management.


3. MAIN RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL WORK
   CONDUCTED DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD
     •     During the Reporting Period, the Risk Management Committee held a meeting to review the
           risk management and internal control systems and reported to the Board. The tasks
           completed by the Risk Management Committee during the Reporting Period included:(1)
           discussion and review of the Group’s findings on major risk identification and assessment,
           the risk management strategies and control measures in response to key risks; (2)
           discussion and review of the Risk Management and Internal Control Report required to be
           disclosed in the annual report for the Reporting Period; and (3) discussion and review of the
           work plan and key points of risk management and internal control work for the financial
           year ending March 31, 2026 (“FY2026”) as well as the expected output and timetable etc.




94       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
    RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

•    The Group’s management and respective management teams identified uncertainties and risk
     exposures in nine major areas (including strategic risk, operational risk, quality risk,
     customer service risk, financial risk, legal risk, human resources risk, information technology
     and data security risk, and reputational risk); completed the ranking of the identified risks;
     discussed risk response proposals and measures, which formed the main basis for risk
     management and internal control work for the year.

•    The Group has established the Operation and Management Committee, comprising the
     Chairman, the Chief Executive Officer, chief financial officer, chief talent officer, chief
     technology officer, chief business analytics officer, and general managers of the direct sales
     business division and the platform business division of the Company. Through in-depth
     analysis and research on the competition, existing business segments as well as business
     operation status, the Operation and Management Committee develops the Group’s thorough
     understanding of and insight into the industry, to facilitate the management of strategic
     risks, ensure that the strategic decisions of the Group align with its business direction, and
     to adjust the approach to strategy implementation based on the operating results.

•    The “Comprehensive Business Risk Management Committee” is a problem-solving-oriented
     committee established under the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, which comprises
     the heads of major functional departments responsible for risk management of the Group.
     By focusing on managing and controlling the risks related to the Group’s businesses, it helps
     the management team quickly identify and formulate the strategies of risk response, and
     promotes the comprehensive enhancement in the risk management capability of the Group.

•    The business team took steps to standardize the operational procedures and relevant product
     systems for key businesses and management activities, formulated policies and published
     the same on our policy management platform as reference and learning materials for all
     employees.

•    The risk management teams, including the risk management team, quality control team,
     internal control team, financial team, legal team, government affairs team and public
     affairs team, provide supports in term of risk management and control expertise and
     capabilities from their respective professional perspectives, and conduct daily supervision of
     the work at the First Line of Defence to ensure effective implementation of risk response
     measures.

•    The Group arranged training sessions related to risk management for all staff on a quarterly
     basis to promote risk management awareness and promote risk management culture.
     Topics covered by such training sessions included, among other things, guidance of
     business processes and internal controls, code of business conduct, compliance with
     business-related laws and regulations, and data security management.




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   95
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

4. DISCLOSURE OF MATERIAL RISKS
     During the Reporting Period, the Group identified, analyzed and prioritized all the potential risks
     faced by its existing and new businesses. The following table sets forth risks that were ranked
     as “high”:

     Major Risks          Description of Risks                       Risk Response Measures


     Legal Risks          As the Company operates                    •      Establish relevant business processes and
                          its principal businesses                          internal control measures, and added internal
                          under a strict regulatory                         monitoring and checks by specialist teams in
                          regime, if we breach                              relation to matters involving regulatory issues, to
                          applicable regulatory                             ensure that the Company’s business operations
                          requirements, we may be                           comply with regulatory requirements;
                          subject to penalties which
                          may adversely affect our                   •      Stay up-to-date with applicable rules,
                          brand reputation and                              regulations and regulatory requirements
                          business. If we fail to have                      issued by the government and regulators
                          a timely understanding of                         via announcements and notices from the
                          changes in and updates                            authorities, as well as the news media and the
                          on applicable policies and                        Internet. The Group also actively participates
                          regulations, or fail to                           in forums organized by the government and
                          sufficiently assess the                           regulators to ensure that it is fully aware of the
                          impact of policies and                            latest government and regulatory requirements
                          regulations changes on                            and changes in a timely manner;
                          our business operation,
                          management would be                        •      Establish information sharing channels to keep
                          unable to adopt response                          business teams abreast of the latest regulatory
                          measures on a timely                              requirements; we also organize regular internal
                          basis, which would affect                         seminars and trainings to study and discuss
                          the Company’s regular                             applicable rules, regulations and regulatory
                          business activities and its                       requirements issued by the government and
                          business continuity.                              regulators, with a view to ensuring that relevant
                                                                            business teams accurately understand the
                                                                            policies and regulations; and

                                                                     •      The legal and business teams jointly assess the
                                                                            impact of policy and regulatory changes on our
                                                                            business, and design response measures and
                                                                            alternative business models in response to the
                                                                            changes, so as to ensure business continuity as
                                                                            well as regulatory compliance.




96     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
 RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

Major Risks      Description of Risks               Risk Response Measures


Information      As an Internet company,            •     Established standardized product R&D
Technology       information technology                   procedures, R&D project management
and Data         and data form the                        mechanisms, coordination, communication
Security Risks   foundation for our                       and incentive mechanisms for cross-team
                 business development and                 cooperation among R&D, business, product and
                 operation, as well as one                marketing teams to ensure timely and effective
                 of the competitive                       development of products that meet business
                 advantages to help                       needs;
                 maintain high innovation
                 levels and to become an            •     Established IT system maintenance standards
                 industry leader. Any failure             and business continuity guarantee mechanisms,
                 or postponement in our                   contingency plans for IT system interruption,
                 product research and                     and disaster recovery plans and drills to ensure
                 development (R&D),                       smooth and uninterrupted operation of our
                 disruption of transactions               systems and to improve the capability of the
                 due to malfunctioning                    system to respond quickly to risk events; and
                 information systems, or
                 leakage or loss of or              •     To comprehensively safeguard the Group from
                 unauthorized tampering of                the risks of data leakage, loss and tampering
                 our data would have a                    from three areas of staff, processes and
                 material adverse impact                  information technology, the Group (i) has
                 on us achieving our                      established management procedures for data
                 strategic objectives, our                collection and transmission, storage security,
                 brand reputation, business               encrypted protection, authorized access and
                 continuity and customer                  usage, and destruction; (ii) has deployed
                 satisfaction.                            information technology for data security
                                                          management and encrypted protection; and
                                                          (iii) organizes regular trainings to communicate
                                                          data security and confidentiality requirements to
                                                          all our employees.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   97
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

     Major Risks          Description of Risks                       Risk Response Measures


     Competitive          In China, there is intense                 •      The responsible manager for each business
     Risks                competition in the Internet                       segment closely monitors the competitive
                          healthcare sector. The                            situation of his/her business segment, and
                          continuous evolution in                           reports on the relevant information and share
                          business and operational                          his/her insight and judgment at the monthly
                          models, as well as                                management meeting;
                          significant moves or
                          decisions by major                         •      We have a specialist team which conducts in-
                          competitors in the industry                       depth analysis and research on competition
                          and new entrants, may                             in the industry regularly and reports to
                          bring potential threats to                        management for reference, which enables
                          and have adverse impact                           management to make informed business
                          on the Group’s business                           decisions and develop appropriate operational
                          and competitive                                   strategies and effective solutions to address the
                          advantages.                                       competitive risks; and

                                                                     •      Senior management is committed to innovative
                                                                            and diversified management in relation to our
                                                                            business plans and deployments. In the course
                                                                            of steadfastly executing the strategic decisions,
                                                                            senior management strives for the Company
                                                                            to develop and accumulate core competitive
                                                                            advantages and become an unsurpassable
                                                                            company in the industry.




98     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
      RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

5. OUTLOOK AND KEY ACTIONS FOR FY2026
  •    Continue to reinforce the Group’s risk management and internal control structure and drive
       its implementation, so as to continually improve the Group’s risk management capabilities to
       ensure compliance with the CG Code and alignment with best industry practices.

  •    Continue to supervise each business line and functional department to promote and optimize
       the design, implementation and operation of our risk management and internal control
       systems, and conduct independent supervision and assessment to ensure the effective
       design and implementation of internal control for major risks.

  •    Continue to focus on material changes and updates of key risks and make timely adjustments
       to the risk response measures and solutions accordingly.

  •    Further establish and improve the Group’s policy and process guidelines and system of rules,
       strengthen internal and external publicity, and create a good business environment.

  •    Ongoing risk management trainings and risk management culture education for all staff to
       enhance their awareness of risk management, reinforce the accountability mechanism, and
       ensure implementation of the Group’s risk management strategies.

  In the face of existing and emerging risks, the Group must maintain continual and strict
  supervision and control under effective risk management and internal control systems. The
  Group has a management team well-attuned to the importance of risk management, which will
  proactively identify, prevent and manage risks and continually seek to improve the Group’s risk
  management and internal control systems.


6. STATEMENT OF THE BOARD REGARDING INTERNAL CONTROL
   RESPONSIBILITY
  The Group’s internal controls aim at ensuring compliance of its operations with laws and
  regulations, the security of its assets and the validity and completeness of its financial reports
  and related information, to enhance its operational efficiency and effectiveness and facilitate the
  realization of its growth strategies. The Group has established internal control procedures to
  safeguard against the unauthorized use or disposition of its assets, to ensure the maintenance
  of proper accounting records for the provision of reliable financial information for internal use or
  for publication, and to ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations. During
  the year, the Group conducted a comprehensive self-assessment of its internal controls and
  reported the result to the Audit Committee and the Board, and no significant deficiencies were
  identified. The Board believes that, for the Reporting Period, the Group’s existing internal control
  systems were sufficient and effective to assure the interests of the Group and its shareholders.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   99
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


                                                     Ernst & Young               ᅝ∌᳗㿜᏿џࢭ᠔       Tel 䳏䁅: +852 2846 9888
                                                     27/F, One Taikoo Place      佭␃凖儮⍠㣅ⱛ䘧979㰳   Fax ‫ⳳڇ‬: +852 2868 4432
                                                     979 King’s Road             ໾সഞϔᑻ27ῧ       ey.com
                                                     Quarry Bay, Hong Kong



To the shareholders of Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited
(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

OPINION
We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Alibaba Health Information Technology
Limited (the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 107 to 217, which
comprise the consolidated statement of financial position as at March 31, 2025, and the
consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the
consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the
year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including material accounting
policy information.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated
financial position of the Group as at March 31, 2025, and of its consolidated financial performance
and its consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with HKFRS Accounting
Standards as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have
been properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION
We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) as issued
by the HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s
responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are
independent of the Group in accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional
Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with
the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to
provide a basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in
our audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were
addressed in the context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in
forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each
matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.




100   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                              INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)
We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
consolidated financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters.
Accordingly, our audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our
assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements. The
results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to address the matters below,
provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial statements.

 Key audit matter                                       How our audit addressed the key audit matter

 Impairment of investments in associates

 As at March 31, 2025, the carrying amount of the       We performed the following procedures to
 Group’s investments in associates (net of              address the key audit matter:
 impairment) was approximately RMB1,521.0
 million, which was significant to the financial        •      Evaluated the capabilities and objectivity of
 statements. The Group recognized impairment                   the independent valuer;
 losses of RMB410.0 million for the year ended
 March 31, 2025.                                        •      Assessed the reasonableness of expected
                                                               revenue and margins by making enquiries
 Management assessed the existence of                          with management and with reference to
 indicators of impairment for investments in                   historical information and industry
 associates and accordingly, with the assistance               development expectations;
 of an independent valuer, performed
 impairment test for the investments with •                    With the assistance of our internal valuation
 impairment indicators identified by comparing                 specialists, examined the valuation
 the carrying amounts as at March 31, 2025 with                methodologies and evaluated the
 the corresponding recoverable amounts. The                    assumptions and estimates used, including
 recoverable amount was determined using the                   expected revenue growth rates, budgeted
 higher of fair value less costs of disposal and               gross margins, perpetual growth rates,
 value in use of the investments. The impairment               comparable public companies, relevant
 test involved significant management’s                        price multiples and discounts for lack of
 judgement and estimates such as expected                      marketability, where applicable;
 revenue growth rates, budgeted gross margins
                                                 •             Checked the mathematical accuracy of
 and perpetual growth rates for the discounted
                                                               management’s valuation schedules; and
 cash flows method, as well as comparable
 public companies, relevant price multiples,
                                                 •             Evaluated the adequacy of the relevant
 discounts for lack of marketability and recent
                                                               disclosures in the financial statements.
 transaction prices for the market-based
 valuation techniques.

 Relevant disclosures are included in notes 2.4, 3
 and 17 to the financial statements.




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   101
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)
Key audit matter                                                        How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Fair value measurement of unlisted equity investments classified as financial assets at fair
value through profit or loss

As at March 31, 2025, the carrying amount of the                        We performed the following procedures to
Group’s unlisted equity investments classified as                       address the key audit matter:
financial assets at fair value through profit or
loss was approximately RMB1,622.2 million,                              •     Evaluated the capabilities and objectivity of
which was significant to the financial                                        the independent valuer;
statements. The Group recognized fair value
gains of RMB47.7 million for the year ended                             •     With the assistance of our internal valuation
March 31, 2025.                                                               specialists, examined the valuation
                                                                              methodologies and evaluated the
Management estimated and measured the fair                                    judgements and estimates used, including
values of unlisted equity investments classified                              comparable public companies, relevant
as financial assets at fair value through profit or                           price multiples and discounts for lack of
loss, with the assistance of an independent                                   marketability;
valuer, using market-based valuation techniques
which required management to apply significant •                              Checked the mathematical accuracy of
judgements and estimates, such as comparable                                  management’s valuation schedules; and
public companies, relevant price multiples,
                                                    •                         Evaluated the adequacy of the relevant
discounts for lack of marketability and risk-free
                                                                              disclosures in the financial statements.
rates.

Relevant disclosures are included in notes 2.4,
3, 23 and 35 to the financial statements.




102   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                            INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)

Key audit matter                                       How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Impairment of goodwill

As at March 31, 2025, the carrying amount of the We performed the following procedures to
Group’s goodwill was approximately RMB810.9 address the key audit matter:
million, which was significant to the financial
statements.                                      •  Evaluated the capabilities and objectivity of
                                                    the independent valuer;
In accordance with Hong Kong Accounting
Standard 36 Impairment of Assets , the Group is •   Assessed the reasonableness of expected
required to test the amount of goodwill for         revenue and margins by making enquiries
impairment annually. The impairment test            with management and with reference to
involved significant management’s judgement         historical information and industry
and estimates, such as expected revenue growth      development expectations;
rates, budgeted gross margins, discount rates
and perpetual growth rates.                            •      With the assistance of our internal valuation
                                                              specialists, examined the valuation
Relevant disclosures are included in notes 2.4, 3             methodologies and evaluated the
and 14 to the financial statements.                           assumptions and estimates used, including
                                                              the discount rates and the perpetual growth
                                                              rates;

                                                       •      Checked the mathematical accuracy of
                                                              management’s valuation schedules; and

                                                       •      Evaluated the adequacy of the relevant
                                                              disclosures in the financial statements.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   103
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT
The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information
comprises the information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial
statements and our auditor’s report thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we
do not express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent
with the consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise
appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed on the other
information obtained prior to the date of the auditor’s report, we conclude that there is a material
misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to
report in this regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial
statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRS Accounting Standards as issued
by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for
such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the preparation of
consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for
assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters
related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the
Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative
but to do so.

The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their
responsibilities for overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




104   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                             INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial
statements as a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to
issue an auditor’s report that includes our opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, in
accordance with section 90 of the Bermuda Companies Act 1981, and for no other purpose. We do
not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for the contents of this
report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted
in accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements
can arise from fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they
could reasonably be expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of
these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•   Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements,
    whether due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks,
    and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.
    The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one
    resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions,
    misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•   Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit
    procedures that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an
    opinion on the effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

•   Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
    estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

•   Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting
    and, based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to
    events or conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a
    going concern. If we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw
    attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial
    statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are
    based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future
    events or conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   105
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE
CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)
•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
      including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the
      underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•     Plan and perform the group audit to obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the
      financial information of the entities or business units within the Group as a basis for forming an
      opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the direction,
      supervision and review of the audit work performed for purposes of the group audit. We remain
      solely responsible for our audit opinion.

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal
control that we identify during our audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other
matters that may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable,
actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards applied.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of
most significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are
therefore the key audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or
regulation precludes public disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we
determine that a matter should not be communicated in our report because the adverse
consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest benefits of
such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Ng Siu Ki Ricky
(practising certificate number: P05575).




Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
May 19, 2025




106     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                          Year ended March 31, 2025

                                                                                    2025                      2024
                                                          Notes                  RMB’000                   RMB’000

REVENUE                                                       5              30,598,292                 27,026,555

Cost of sales                                                               (23,166,201)               (21,131,234)


Gross profit                                                                   7,432,091                  5,895,321

Other income and gains                                        5                   663,236                    674,755

Operating expenses
 Fulfilment                                                                   (2,567,707)                (2,413,212)
 Selling and marketing expenses                                               (2,258,374)                (1,776,564)
 Administrative expenses                                                        (407,432)                  (359,980)
 Product development expenses                                                   (720,053)                  (705,382)

Other expenses and losses                                                        (514,521)                  (363,644)
Finance costs                                              13(b)                   (2,609)                    (5,969)
Share of profits/(losses) of:
  A joint venture                                                                  (19,136)                     1,039
  Associates                                                                       (45,527)                    (6,965)


PROFIT BEFORE TAX                                             6                1,559,968                     939,399

Income tax expense                                            9                  (127,954)                   (56,263)


PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                            1,432,014                     883,136


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                         1,432,427                     883,477
  Non-controlling interests                                                         (413)                       (341)


                                                                               1,432,014                     883,136


EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
  ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT                      10
  Basic                                                                 RMB8.91 cents              RMB6.29 cents


  Diluted                                                               RMB8.88 cents              RMB6.27 cents




                                  ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   107
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
Year ended March 31, 2025

                                                                                                  2025         2024
                                                                                        Note   RMB’000      RMB’000

PROFIT FOR THE YEAR                                                                            1,432,014     883,136


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS)
Other comprehensive income/(loss) that may be
  reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
  Exchange differences on translation of the financial
    statements of subsidiaries with non-RMB functional
    currencies                                                                                      334      (201,875)


Other comprehensive income/(loss) that will not be
  reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
  Exchange differences on translation of the financial
    statements of the Company                                                                    86,717      477,059
  Changes in fair value of the equity investments at fair
    value through other comprehensive income                                                     (21,737)     (27,888)
  Associates:
    Share of other comprehensive loss                                                               (283)        (406)
    Income tax effect                                                                   27            71          101


                                                                                                    (212)        (305)


  Total other comprehensive income that will not be
    reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods,
    net of tax                                                                                   64,768      448,866


TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR,
  NET OF TAX                                                                                     65,102      246,991


TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME FOR THE YEAR                                                        1,497,116    1,130,127


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                                         1,497,529    1,130,468
  Non-controlling interests                                                                         (413)        (341)


                                                                                               1,497,116    1,130,127




108    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                                March 31, 2025

                                                                                             2025                     2024
                                                                     Notes                RMB’000                  RMB’000

NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property and equipment                                                 12                   35,693                   35,576
Right-of-use assets                                                   13(a)                 34,027                   68,091
Goodwill                                                               14                  810,853                  810,853
Other intangible assets                                                15                  275,220                  292,069
Investment in a joint venture                                          16                  208,966                  250,480
Investments in associates                                              17                1,521,014                2,285,936
Equity investments designated at fair value through other
  comprehensive income                                                  22                  97,588                  101,659
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                   23               1,622,162                1,567,998
Other receivables and other assets                                      20                  93,480                   31,568
Deferred tax assets                                                     27                  50,821                   54,870
Long-term time deposits                                                 21               4,152,413                  694,000


Total non-current assets                                                                 8,902,237                6,193,100


CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                                             18               1,415,220                1,399,738
Trade and bills receivables                                             19               1,052,523                  785,136
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                         20               1,389,303                1,490,534
Prepaid tax                                                                                 16,048                    5,313
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                   23                 263,621                        —
Restricted cash                                                         21                 303,243                  278,406
Short-term time deposits                                                21               5,617,926                6,062,941
Cash and bank deposits                                                  21               2,218,296                3,490,169


Total current assets                                                                   12,276,180               13,512,237


CURRENT LIABILITIES
Trade and bills payables                                               24                2,852,381                3,350,566
Other payables and accruals                                            25                1,047,903                  997,143
Contract liabilities                                                   26                  695,095                  554,683
Lease liabilities                                                     13(b)                 10,579                   34,194
Tax payable                                                                                136,214                   88,872


Total current liabilities                                                                4,742,172                5,025,458




                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   109
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
March 31, 2025

                                                                                                     2025          2024
                                                                                        Notes     RMB’000       RMB’000

NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                                               7,534,008     8,486,779


TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                                           16,436,245    14,679,879


NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Lease liabilities                                                                       13(b)       24,936       47,976
Deferred tax liabilities                                                                 27         98,149      114,299


Total non-current liabilities                                                                     123,085       162,275


Net assets                                                                                      16,313,160    14,517,604


EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Share capital                                                                            28        142,790       142,780
Treasury shares                                                                          28        (52,600)     (101,946)
Reserves                                                                                 30     16,221,989    14,503,378


                                                                                                16,312,179    14,544,212
Non-controlling interests                                                                              981       (26,608)


Total equity                                                                                    16,313,160    14,517,604




Shen Difan                                                             Tu Yanwu
Director                                                               Director




110    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                                                                     Year ended March 31, 2025

                                                                                            Attributable to owners of parent

                                                                                                                                   Fair value
                                                                                                                                   reserve of
                                                                                                                                    financial
                                                                                                                                assets at fair
                                                                                                               Employee        value through                  Retained
                                                        Share                                  Exchange      share-based                other                   profits/                      Non-
                                           Share     premium     Treasury        Merger       fluctuation compensation comprehensive                Other (accumulated                   controlling        Total
                                          capital    account^      shares       reserve^        reserve^         reserve^            income^     reserves^     losses)^         Total      interests       equity
                                  Note   RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000             RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000


At April 1, 2024                         142,780    51,374,724   (101,946)   (37,560,841)       (105,735)        508,354              (27,275)    326,122       (11,971)   14,544,212       (26,608)   14,517,604
Profit for the year                            —            —          —              —                —               —                    —           —     1,432,427     1,432,427          (413)    1,432,014
Other comprehensive income
     for the year:
     Changes in fair value of
          the equity
          investments at fair
          value through other
          comprehensive
          income, net of tax                   —            —          —              —                —               —              (21,737)          —             —       (21,737)            —       (21,737)
     Share of other
          comprehensive loss
          of associates,
          net of tax                           —            —          —              —                —               —                    —        (212)            —         (212)             —         (212)
     Exchange differences on
          translation of the
          financial statements
          of the Company and
          its subsidiaries with
          non-RMB functional
          currencies                           —            —          —              —           87,051               —                    —           —             —       87,051              —       87,051


Total comprehensive income/
     (loss) for the year                       —            —          —              —           87,051               —              (21,737)       (212)    1,432,427     1,497,529          (413)    1,497,116
Acquisition of non-controlling
     interests                                 —            —          —              —                —               —                    —     (27,035)            —       (27,035)       26,935         (100)
Capital contribution from a
     non-controlling
     shareholder                               —            —          —              —                —               —                    —           —             —            —          1,021         1,021
Repurchase of shares              28           —            —     (39,931)            —                —               —                    —           —             —       (39,931)            —       (39,931)
Vested awarded shares
     transferred to employees     28           —      134,885     89,277              —                —          (83,066)                  —     (27,439)            —      113,657              —      113,657
Exercise of share options         28          10         6,783         —              —                —           (2,206)                  —           —             —         4,587             —         4,587
Share-based compensation
     expenses                                  —            —          —              —                —         240,214                    —     (15,679)            —      224,535              —      224,535
Deemed interest in an
     interest-free loan to a
     non-wholly-owned
     subsidiary                                —            —          —              —                —               —                    —          (46)           —           (46)           46            —
Appropriation of statutory
     reserves                                  —            —          —              —                —               —                    —      95,993       (95,993)           —              —            —
Partial disposal of associates,
     net of tax                                —            —          —              —                —               —                    —       (1,573)           —        (1,573)            —        (1,573)
Share of capital reserve of
     associates, net of tax                    —            —          —              —                —               —                    —       (3,756)           —        (3,756)            —        (3,756)


At March 31, 2025                        142,790    51,516,392    (52,600)   (37,560,841)        (18,684)        663,296              (49,012)    346,375     1,324,463    16,312,179           981    16,313,160




                                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report                                            111
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
Year ended March 31, 2025

                                                                                                Attributable to owners of parent

                                                                                                                                      Fair value
                                                                                                                                      reserve of
                                                                                                                                        financial
                                                                                                                                   assets at fair
                                                                                                                     Employee      value through
                                                            Share                                  Exchange       share-based              other                                                   Non-
                                               Share     premium     Treasury        Merger       fluctuation   compensation comprehensive             Other     Accumulated                  controlling        Total
                                              capital    account^     shares        reserve^        reserve^          reserve^          income^     reserves^        losses^         Total      interests       equity
                                    Notes    RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000


At April 1, 2023                             119,133    43,734,076    (70,482)   (28,189,579)       (380,919)         477,237                613     325,319        (841,825)   15,173,573       (26,374)   15,147,199
Profit for the year                                —            —          —              —                —                 —                 —           —         883,477      883,477           (341)     883,136
Other comprehensive income for
     the year:
     Changes in fair value of the
          equity investment at
          fair value through
          other comprehensive
          income, net of tax                       —            —          —              —                —                 —           (27,888)          —              —        (27,888)            —       (27,888)
     Share of other
          comprehensive loss
          of an associate,
          net of tax                               —            —          —              —                —                 —                 —        (305)             —           (305)            —          (305)
     Exchange differences on
          translation of the
          financial statements
          of the Company and
          its subsidiaries with
          non-RMB functional
          currencies                               —            —          —              —          275,184                 —                 —           —              —       275,184              —      275,184


Total comprehensive income/
     (loss) for the year                           —            —          —              —          275,184                 —           (27,888)       (305)        883,477     1,130,468          (341)    1,130,127
Issue of new shares for
     restricted share units          28          106            —        (106)            —                —                 —                 —           —              —             —              —            —
Repurchase of shares                 28            —            —    (104,568)            —                —                 —                 —           —              —       (104,568)            —      (104,568)
Vested awarded shares
     transferred to employees        28            —      130,440     73,210              —                —          (186,624)                —     (47,461)             —        (30,435)            —       (30,435)
Exercise of share options            28            2         1,256         —              —                —              (380)                —           —              —           878              —          878
Share-based compensation
     expenses                                      —            —          —              —                —          218,121                  —           —              —       218,121              —      218,121
Business combination under
     common control                 28, 31    23,539     7,508,952         —      (9,371,262)              —                 —                 —           —              —     (1,838,771)            —    (1,838,771)
Deemed interest in an
     interest-free loan to a non-
     wholly-owned subsidiary                       —            —          —              —                —                 —                 —        (107)             —           (107)          107            —
Appropriation of statutory
     reserves                                      —            —          —              —                —                 —                 —      53,623         (53,623)           —              —            —
Partial disposal of an associate,
     net of tax                                    —            —          —              —                —                 —                 —       (1,934)            —         (1,934)            —        (1,934)
Share of capital reserve of an
     associate, net of tax                         —            —          —              —                —                 —                 —       (3,013)            —         (3,013)            —        (3,013)


At March 31, 2024                            142,780    51,374,724   (101,946)   (37,560,841)       (105,735)         508,354            (27,275)    326,122         (11,971)   14,544,212       (26,608)   14,517,604



^          These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of RMB16,221,989,000 (2024: RMB14,503,378,000) in the
           consolidated statement of financial position.




112                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                                Year ended March 31, 2025

                                                                                           2025                     2024
                                                                   Notes                RMB’000                  RMB’000

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit before tax                                                                      1,559,968                  939,399
Adjustments for:
  Finance costs                                                     13(b)                  2,609                    5,969
  Share of losses/(profits) of a joint venture                                            19,136                   (1,039)
  Share of losses of associates                                                           45,527                    6,965
  Bank interest income                                                5                 (464,654)                (477,266)
  Other interest income                                               5                     (195)                    (764)
  Investment income                                                   5                   (4,125)                  (6,028)
  Gain on disposal of a joint venture                                 5                        —                      (10)
  Gain on deemed disposal of associates                               5                   (1,633)                 (18,066)
  Loss/(gain) on partial disposal of associates                      5, 6                 42,423                  (48,337)
  Fair value losses/(gains) on financial assets at fair
    value through profit or loss                                     5, 6                 (51,364)                349,854
  Gain on disposal of property and equipment                          5                      (641)                   (526)
  Loss on disposal of intangible assets                               6                        22                       —
  Loss on revision of lease terms arising from changes
    in the non-cancellable periods of leases                          6                           32                     732
  Dividend income from financial assets at fair value
    through profit or loss                                            5                   (19,600)                 (24,500)
  Fair value loss on contingent consideration included
    in other payables and accruals                                    6                         —                    8,457
  Depreciation of property and equipment                              6                    15,295                    6,929
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                 6                    25,471                   29,796
  Amortization of intangible assets                                   6                    16,839                   16,957
  Impairment of trade receivables                                     6                     6,207                    5,143
  Impairment of financial assets included in
    prepayments, other receivables and other assets                   6                   11,174                        —
  Reversal of impairment of a loan to a joint venture                 6                        —                   (2,500)
  Impairment of investments in associates                             6                  410,020                        —
  Provision of inventories                                            6                   92,398                   88,478
  Share-based compensation expenses                                   6                  224,535                  266,059

                                                                                       1,929,444                1,145,702
Increase in trade and bills receivables                                                 (273,594)                (211,492)
Decrease/(increase) in prepayments, other receivables
  and other assets                                                                        53,215                 (180,158)
Decrease/(increase) in inventories                                                      (107,880)                 614,096
Decrease in trade and bills payables                                                    (498,185)                (363,481)
Increase/(decrease) in other payables and accruals                                       142,898                 (127,953)
Increase in contract liabilities                                                         140,412                   59,617
Increase in restricted cash                                                              (24,837)                (128,144)
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                              (3,626)                  85,981

Cash generated from operations                                                         1,357,847                  894,168


                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report    113
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
Year ended March 31, 2025

                                                                                                    2025          2024
                                                                                        Notes    RMB’000       RMB’000

Interest received                                                                                 146,727       232,246
Interest paid                                                                                      (2,609)       (5,969)
Mainland China corporate income tax paid                                                         (106,932)      (43,874)
Hong Kong profits tax refunded                                                                          —         3,261

Net cash flows generated from operating activities                                              1,395,033     1,079,832

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of property and equipment                                                                (18,893)       (22,774)
Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment                                                    5,966            748
Purchase of other intangible assets                                                                   (10)            (6)
Purchase of financial assets at fair value through
  profit or loss                                                                                (2,650,000)    (403,660)
Proceeds from maturity of financial assets at fair value
  through profit or loss                                                                        2,394,125       412,199
Purchase of financial assets at fair value through other
  comprehensive income                                                                            (17,078)            —
Payment of cash consideration of prior year’s acquisition
  of subsidiaries                                                                                       —      (131,027)
Interest received                                                                                 311,789        84,974
Repayment of a loan to a joint venture                                                                  —         2,500
Dividend received from financial assets at fair value
  through profit or loss                                                                           19,600        24,500
Dividend received from an investment in an associate                                                4,709         3,919
Dividend received from an investment in a joint venture                                            12,689             —
Receipt of finance lease payments                                                                  10,627        13,391
Proceeds from partial disposal of associates                                                      256,809        99,244
Proceeds from disposal of a joint venture                                                               —            10
Placement of time deposits with original maturity over
  three months when acquired                                                                    (9,449,576)   (6,936,372)
Withdrawal of time deposits with original maturity over
  three months when acquired                                                                    6,522,761     1,971,454

Net cash flows used in investing activities                                                     (2,596,482)   (4,880,900)

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Proceeds from exercise of share options                                                  28         4,587            878
Repurchase of shares                                                                     28       (39,931)      (104,568)
Acquisition of subsidiaries under common control                                         31             —     (1,838,771)
Acquisition of non-controlling interests                                                             (100)             —
Capital contribution from a non-controlling shareholder                                             1,021              —
Principal portion of lease payments                                                               (38,094)       (39,934)

Net cash flows used in financing activities                                                       (72,517)    (1,982,395)



114    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                               Year ended March 31, 2025

                                                                                          2025                     2024
                                                                  Notes                RMB’000                  RMB’000

NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                           (1,273,966)               (5,783,463)
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                  2,093                    36,782
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                       3,490,169                 9,236,850

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                                              2,218,296                3,490,169


ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and bank balances, excluding restricted cash                                     2,007,006                2,890,169
Highly liquid time deposits                                                             211,290                  600,000

Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the statement of
  cash flows and cash and bank deposits as stated in
  the statement of financial position                                21               2,218,296                3,490,169




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   115
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION
      Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited (the “Company”) is incorporated in Bermuda as
      an exempted company with limited liability. The address of its registered office is Victoria Place,
      5th Floor, 31 Victoria Street, Hamilton HM 10, Bermuda. The principal place of business of the
      Company is located at Building 9, Block 4, Wangjing East Park, Chaoyang District, Beijing, the
      People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).

      The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (hereinafter
      collectively referred to as the “Group”) are primarily engaged in the pharmaceutical direct sales
      business, pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business and healthcare and digital services
      business.

      In the opinion of the directors, the Company’s ultimate holding company is Alibaba Group
      Holding Limited (“Alibaba Holding”, together with its subsidiaries, “Alibaba Group”), a company
      that is incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. There is no company holding a direct
      majority interest in the Company.

      Information about subsidiaries

      Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries at the end of the reporting period are as
      follows:

                                                     Place of incorporation/                              Percentage of
                                                     registration and                Issued ordinary/   equity attributable
      Name                                           operations              registered share capital    to the Company        Principal activities
                                                                                                         2025           2024


      Alibaba Health (Hong Kong) Technology          Hong Kong                   HK$4,865,000,331.95       100           100   Investment holding and
        Company Limited                                                                                                           pharmaceutical direct sales
                                                                                                                                  services
      阿里健康大藥房連鎖（杭州）有限公司                              PRC/Mainland China               RMB10,000,000        100           100   Pharmacy business
       Alibaba Health Pharmacy Chain (Hangzhou)
       Co., Ltd.abc
      廣州空港阿里健康大藥房有限公司                                PRC/Mainland China               RMB50,000,000        100           100   Pharmacy business
       Guangzhou Airport Alibaba Health
       Pharmacy Co., Ltd.ac
      阿里健康科技（中國）有限公司                                 PRC/Mainland China              RMB800,000,000        100           100   Investment holding and digital
       Alibaba Health Technology (China)                                                                                          infrastructure service
       Limitedabc
      阿里健康大藥房醫藥連鎖有限公司                                PRC/Mainland China          RMB1,791,666,666.67       100           100   Pharmacy business
       Alibaba Health Pharmaceutical Chain
       Co., Ltd.ac
      阿里健康醫藥（廣東）有限公司                                 PRC/Mainland China              RMB210,000,000        100           100   Pharmaceutical product trading
       Ali Health Medicine (Guangdong) Co., Ltd.ac                                                                                and pharmacy business
      阿里健康科技（杭州）有限公司                                 PRC/Mainland China             RMB1,400,000,000       100           100   Provision of e-commerce
       Alibaba Health Technology (Hangzhou)                                                                                       platform services
       Limitedabc
      久寶星科技（海南）有限公司                                  PRC/Mainland China              RMB100,000,000        100           100   Provision of e-commerce
       Jiubaoxing Technology (Hainan) Co., Ltd.ac                                                                                 platform services




116      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                      March 31, 2025

1. CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
  Information about subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                 Place of incorporation/                              Percentage of
                                                 registration and                Issued ordinary/   equity attributable
  Name                                           operations              registered share capital    to the Company        Principal activities
                                                                                                      2025          2024


  弘雲久康數據技術（北京）有限公司                               PRC/Mainland China               RMB40,000,000        100           100   Investment holding
    Hongyun Jiukang Data Technology (Beijing)
    Co., Ltd.ac (“Hongyun Jiukang”)
  廣州得賦阿里健康大藥房有限公司                                PRC/Mainland China               RMB50,000,000        100           100   Pharmacy business
    Guangzhou Defu Alibaba Health Pharmacy
    Co., Ltd.abc
  阿里健康科技（海南）有限公司                                 PRC/Mainland China             RMB2,010,000,000       100           100   Provision of e-commerce
    Ali Health Technology (Hainan) Co., Ltdac                                                                                 platform services
  杭州得賦健康管理有限公司                                   PRC/Mainland China                 RMB1,200,000       100           100   Provision of e-commerce
    Hangzhou Defu Health Management                                                                                           platform services
    Co., Ltd.abc
  Ali JK ZNS (HK) Limited                        Hong Kong                           USD200,000        100           100   Provision of e-commerce
                                                                                                                              platform services
  青海小鹿中醫互聯網醫院有限公司                                PRC/Mainland China               RMB75,000,000        100           100   Healthcare and digital services
   Qinghai Xiaolu Traditional Chinese Medicine                                                                                business
   Internet Hospital Co., Ltd.ac
  杭州精準健康信息科技有限公司                                 PRC/Mainland China               RMB10,000,000        100           100   Provision of marketing
   Hangzhou Jingzhun Health Information                                                                                       materials review services
   Technology Co., Ltd.ac                                                                                                     and value-added services
  阿里健康科技（廣州）有限公司                                 PRC/Mainland China                 RMB1,000,000       100           100   Healthcare and digital services
   Ali Health Technology (Guangzhou)                                                                                          business
   Co., Ltd.ac
  阿里健康大藥房（天津）有限公司                                PRC/Mainland China               RMB10,000,000        100           100   Pharmacy business
   Ali Health Pharmacy (Tianjin) Co., Ltd.ac

  a      For identification purposes only


  b      Registered as wholly-foreign-owned enterprises under PRC law

  c      Registered as limited liability companies under PRC law


  The subsidiaries listed in the above table are indirectly owned by the Company and they, in the
  opinion of the directors, principally affected the results for the year or formed a substantial
  portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion
  of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.




                                                             ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report          117
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION
      These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with HKFRS
      Accounting Standards (which include all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong
      Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations) as issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
      Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong
      Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared under the historical cost convention, except for
      financial investments at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”) and equity investments
      designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”), which have been
      measured at fair value. These financial statements are presented in Renminbi (“RMB”) and all
      values are rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise indicated.

      Contractual arrangements

      The Company does not have legal ownership in the equity of Hongyun Jiukang and Alibaba
      Health Hebei Information Technology Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康河北信息技術有限公司). However, under
      certain contractual agreements (including a power of attorney agreement, loan agreement,
      equity option agreement, equity interest pledge agreement and an exclusive technical consulting
      and service agreement) entered into with the registered owners of the entities, the Company,
      through its indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary, controls the entities by way of controlling the
      voting rights, governing the financial and operating policies, appointing or removing the
      majority of the members of its controlling authorities, and casting the majority of votes at
      meetings of such authorities. In addition, such contractual agreements also transfer the risks and
      rewards of the entities to the Company and/or its indirect wholly-owned subsidiary. As a result,
      the entities are treated as subsidiaries of the Company and their financial statements have been
      consolidated by the Company.

      ^     For identification purposes only


      Merger accounting for business combinations under common control

      As disclosed in note 31 to the consolidated financial statements, a business combination under
      common control was effected during the year ended March 31, 2024, where the business
      acquired in the business combination and the Company are both ultimately controlled by
      Alibaba Holding. The business combination was accounted for using the principles of merger
      accounting.

      The net assets of the combining entities are consolidated using the existing book values from
      the controlling party’s perspective. No adjustments are made to reflect fair values, or recognize
      any new assets or liabilities as a result of the business combination under common control and
      no amount is recognized in respect of goodwill. The Company elects not to restate the financial
      statements for periods prior to the completion of combination under common control.
      Accordingly, the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the consolidated statement of other
      comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated
      statement of cash flows of the Group include the results and cash flows of the acquired
      business from the date when the Group obtains control of the acquired business.



118       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2025

2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED)
  Basis of consolidation

  The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its
  subsidiaries for the year ended March 31, 2025. A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured
  entity), directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the Group is
  exposed, or has rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the
  ability to affect those returns through its power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give
  the Group the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the investee).

  The Company has three (2024: two) trusts (the “Trusts”) for the purpose of purchasing,
  administering and holding the Company’s shares for the share award scheme adopted on
  November 24, 2014 (the “2014 Share Award Scheme”) and August 30, 2024 (the “2024 Share
  Award Scheme”). The Group has the power to govern the financial and operating policies of the
  Trusts and derive benefits from the services of the employees who have been awarded the
  awarded shares through their continued employment with the Group. The assets and liabilities
  of the Trusts are included in the consolidated statement of financial position and the Company’s
  shares held by the Trusts are presented as a deduction in equity as the Company’s shares held
  for the share award scheme.

  Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the
  Company has less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the Group
  considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an
  investee, including:

  (a) the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;

  (b) rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

  (c) the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.

  The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the
  Company, using consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from
  the date on which the Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that
  such control ceases.

  Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners
  of the parent and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling
  interests having a deficit balance. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses
  and cash flows relating to transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on
  consolidation.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   119
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED)
      Basis of consolidation (Continued)

      The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate
      that there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A
      change in the ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as
      an equity transaction.

      If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognizes the related assets (including
      goodwill), liabilities, any non-controlling interest and the exchange fluctuation reserve; and
      recognizes the fair value of any investment retained and any resulting surplus or deficit in profit
      or loss. The Group’s share of components previously recognized in other comprehensive income
      is reclassified to profit or loss or retained profits, as appropriate, on the same basis as would be
      required if the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.


2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
      The Group has adopted the following revised HKFRS Accounting Standards for the first time for
      the current year’s financial statements.

      Amendments to HKFRS 16                                 Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback
      Amendments to HKAS 1                                   Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
                                                               (the “2020 Amendments”)
      Amendments to HKAS 1                                   Non-current Liabilities with Covenants
                                                               (the “2022 Amendments”)
      Amendments to HKAS 7 and                               Supplier Finance Arrangements
       HKFRS 7

      The nature and the impact of the revised HKFRS Accounting Standards are described below:

      (a) Amendments to HKFRS 16 specify the requirements that a seller-lessee uses in measuring the
          lease liability arising in a sale and leaseback transaction to ensure the seller-lessee does
          not recognize any amount of the gain or loss that relates to the right of use it retains. Since
          the Group has no sale and leaseback transactions with variable lease payments that do not
          depend on an index or a rate occurring from the date of initial application of HKFRS 16, the
          amendments did not have any impact on the financial position or performance of the
          Group.




120     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2025

2.2 CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
    (CONTINUED)
  (b) The 2020 Amendments clarify the requirements for classifying liabilities as current or
      non-current, including what is meant by a right to defer settlement and that a right to defer
      must exist at the end of the reporting period. Classification of a liability is unaffected by the
      likelihood that the entity will exercise its right to defer settlement. The amendments also
      clarify that a liability can be settled in its own equity instruments, and that only if a
      conversion option in a convertible liability is itself accounted for as an equity instrument
      would the terms of a liability not impact its classification. The 2022 Amendments further
      clarify that, among covenants of a liability arising from a loan arrangement, only those with
      which an entity must comply on or before the reporting date affect the classification of that
      liability as current or non-current. Additional disclosures are required for non-current
      liabilities that are subject to the entity complying with future covenants within 12 months
      after the reporting period.

      The Group has reassessed the terms and conditions of its liabilities as at April 1, 2023 and
      2024 and concluded that the classification of its liabilities as current or non-current
      remained unchanged upon initial application of the amendments. Accordingly, the
      amendments did not have any impact on the financial position or performance of the
      Group.

  (c) Amendments to HKAS 7 and HKFRS 7 clarify the characteristics of supplier finance
      arrangements and require additional disclosure of such arrangements. The disclosure
      requirements in the amendments are intended to assist users of financial statements in
      understanding the effects of supplier finance arrangements on an entity’s liabilities, cash
      flows and exposure to liquidity risk. As the Group does not have supplier finance
      arrangements, the amendments did not have any impact on the Group’s financial
      statements.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   121
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HKFRS ACCOUNTING
    STANDARDS
      The Group has not applied the following new and revised HKFRS Accounting Standards, that
      have been issued but are not yet effective, in these financial statements. The Group intends to
      apply these new and revised HKFRS Accounting Standards, if applicable, when they become
      effective.

      HKFRS 18                                                    Presentation and Disclosure in Financial Statements 3
      HKFRS 19                                                    Subsidiaries without Public Accountability: Disclosures 3
      Amendments to HKFRS 9 and                                   Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
        HKFRS 7                                                     Financial Instruments 2
      Amendments to HKFRS 9 and                                   Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity 2
        HKFRS 7
      Amendments to HKFRS 10 and                                  Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and
        HKAS 28                                                     its Associate or Joint Venture 4
      Amendments to HKAS 21                                       Lack of Exchangeability 1
      Annual Improvements to HKFRS                                Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 9, HKFRS 10
        Accounting Standards — Volume 11                            and HKAS 72

      1
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2025
      2
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2026
      3
            Effective for annual/reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2027
      4
            No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption


      Further information about those HKFRS Accounting Standards that are expected to be applicable
      to the Group is described below.

      HKFRS 18 replaces HKAS 1 Presentation of Financial Statements . While a number of sections
      have been brought forward from HKAS 1 with limited changes, HKFRS 18 introduces new
      requirements for presentation within the statement of profit or loss, including specified totals
      and subtotals. Entities are required to classify all income and expenses within the statement of
      profit or loss into one of the five categories: operating, investing, financing, income taxes and
      discontinued operations and to present two new defined subtotals. It also requires disclosures
      about management-defined performance measures in a single note and introduces enhanced
      requirements on the grouping (aggregation and disaggregation) and the location of information
      in both the primary financial statements and the notes. Some requirements previously included
      in HKAS 1 are moved to HKAS 8 Accounting Policies, Changes in Accounting Estimates and
      Errors , which is renamed as HKAS 8 Basis of Preparation of Financial Statements . As a
      consequence of the issuance of HKFRS 18, limited, but widely applicable, amendments are made
      to HKAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows , HKAS 33 Earnings per Share and HKAS 34 Interim Financial
      Reporting . In addition, there are minor consequential amendments to other HKFRS Accounting
      Standards. HKFRS 18 and the consequential amendments to other HKFRS Accounting Standards
      are effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2027 with earlier application
      permitted. Retrospective application is required. The Group is currently analysing the new
      requirements and assessing the impact of HKFRS 18 on the presentation and disclosure of the
      Group’s financial statements.

122       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2025

2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HKFRS ACCOUNTING
    STANDARDS (CONTINUED)
  HKFRS 19 allows eligible entities to elect to apply reduced disclosure requirements while still
  applying the recognition, measurement and presentation requirements in other HKFRS
  Accounting Standards. To be eligible, at the end of the reporting period, an entity must be a
  subsidiary as defined in HKFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements , cannot have public
  accountability and must have a parent (ultimate or intermediate) that prepares consolidated
  financial statements available for public use which comply with HKFRS Accounting Standards.
  Earlier application is permitted. As the Company is a listed company, it is not eligible to elect to
  apply HKFRS 19. Some of the Company’s subsidiaries are considering the application of HKFRS
  19 in their specified financial statements.

  Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Amendments to the Classification and Measurement of
  Financial Instruments clarify the date on which a financial asset or financial liability is
  derecognized and introduce an accounting policy option to derecognize a financial liability that
  is settled through an electronic payment system before the settlement date if specified criteria
  are met. The amendments clarify how to assess the contractual cash flow characteristics of
  financial assets with environmental, social and governance and other similar contingent
  features. Moreover, the amendments clarify the requirements for classifying financial assets with
  non-recourse features and contractually linked instruments. The amendments also include
  additional disclosures for investments in equity instruments designated at fair value through
  other comprehensive income and financial instruments with contingent features. The
  amendments shall be applied retrospectively with an adjustment to opening retained profits (or
  other component of equity) at the initial application date. Prior periods are not required to be
  restated and can only be restated without the use of hindsight. Earlier application of either all
  the amendments at the same time or only the amendments related to the classification of
  financial assets is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact
  on the Group’s financial statements.

  Amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 Contracts Referencing Nature-dependent Electricity clarify
  the application of the “own-use” requirements for in-scope contracts and amend the
  designation requirements for a hedged item in a cash flow hedging relationship for in-scope
  contracts. The amendments also include additional disclosures that enable users of financial
  statements to understand the effects these contracts have on an entity’s financial performance
  and future cash flows. The amendments relating to the own-use exception shall be applied
  retrospectively. Prior periods are not required to be restated and can only be restated without
  the use of hindsight. The amendments relating to the hedge accounting shall be applied
  prospectively to new hedging relationships designated on or after the date of initial application.
  Earlier application is permitted. The amendments to HKFRS 9 and HKFRS 7 shall be applied at
  the same time. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s
  financial statements.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   123
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HKFRS ACCOUNTING
    STANDARDS (CONTINUED)
      Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 address an inconsistency between the requirements in
      HKFRS 10 and in HKAS 28 in dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor
      and its associate or joint venture. The amendments require a full recognition of a gain or loss
      resulting from a downstream transaction when the sale or contribution of assets constitutes a
      business. For a transaction involving assets that do not constitute a business, a gain or loss
      resulting from the transaction is recognized in the investor’s profit or loss only to the extent of
      the unrelated investor’s interest in that associate or joint venture. The amendments are to be
      applied prospectively. The previous mandatory effective date of amendments to HKFRS 10 and
      HKAS 28 was removed by the HKICPA. However, the amendments are available for adoption
      now.

      Amendments to HKAS 21 specify how an entity shall assess whether a currency is exchangeable
      into another currency and how it shall estimate a spot exchange rate at a measurement date
      when exchangeability is lacking. The amendments require disclosures of information that enable
      users of financial statements to understand the impact of a currency not being exchangeable.
      Earlier application is permitted. When applying the amendments, an entity cannot restate
      comparative information. Any cumulative effect of initially applying the amendments shall be
      recognized as an adjustment to the opening balance of retained profits or to the cumulative
      amount of translation differences accumulated in a separate component of equity, where
      appropriate, at the date of initial application. The amendments are not expected to have any
      significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

      Annual Improvements to HKFRS Accounting Standards — Volume 11 set out amendments to
      HKFRS 1, HKFRS 7 (and the accompanying Guidance on implementing HKFRS 7 ), HKFRS 9, HKFRS
      10 and HKAS 7. Details of the amendments that are expected to be applicable to the Group are
      as follows:

      •     HKFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures: The amendments have updated certain wording
            in paragraph B38 of HKFRS 7 and paragraphs IG1, IG14 and IG20B of the Guidance on
            implementing HKFRS 7 for the purpose of simplification or achieving consistency with other
            paragraphs in the standard and/or with the concepts and terminology used in other
            standards. In addition, the amendments clarify that the Guidance on implementing HKFRS 7
            does not necessarily illustrate all the requirements in the referenced paragraphs of HKFRS 7
            nor does it create additional requirements. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments
            are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.




124       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2025

2.3 ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HKFRS ACCOUNTING
    STANDARDS (CONTINUED)
  •   HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments: The amendments clarify that when a lessee has determined
      that a lease liability has been extinguished in accordance with HKFRS 9, the lessee is
      required to apply paragraph 3.3.3 of HKFRS 9 and recognize any resulting gain or loss in
      profit or loss. In addition, the amendments have updated certain wording in paragraph
      5.1.3 of HKFRS 9 and Appendix A of HKFRS 9 to remove potential confusion. Earlier
      application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact
      on the Group’s financial statements.

  •   HKFRS 10 Consolidated Financial Statements: The amendments clarify that the relationship
      described in paragraph B74 of HKFRS 10 is just one example of various relationships that
      might exist between the investor and other parties acting as de facto agents of the investor,
      which removes the inconsistency with the requirement in paragraph B73 of HKFRS 10.
      Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant
      impact on the Group’s financial statements.

  •   HKAS 7 Statement of Cash Flows: The amendments replace the term “cost method” with “at
      cost” in paragraph 37 of HKAS 7 following the prior deletion of the definition of “cost
      method”. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any
      impact on the Group’s financial statements.


2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES
  Investments in associates and a joint venture

  An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long term interest of the equity voting rights
  and over which it has significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in the
  financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint control over
  those policies.

  A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the
  arrangement have rights to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually
  agreed sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the
  relevant activities require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.

  The Group’s investments in associates and a joint venture are stated in the consolidated
  statement of financial position at the Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of
  accounting, less any impairment losses.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   125
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Investments in associates and a joint venture (Continued)

      The Group’s share of the post-acquisition results and other comprehensive income of associates
      and a joint venture is included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and consolidated
      other comprehensive income, respectively. In addition, when there has been a change
      recognized directly in the equity of the associate or joint venture, the Group recognizes its share
      of any changes, when applicable, in the consolidated statement of changes in equity.
      Unrealized gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and its associates or
      joint venture are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s investments in the associates or joint
      venture, except where unrealized losses provide evidence of an impairment of the assets
      transferred. Goodwill arising from the acquisition of associates or joint venture is included as
      part of the Group’s investments in associates or joint venture.

      Upon loss of significant influence over the associate or joint control over the joint venture, the
      Group measures and recognizes any retained investment at its fair value. Any difference
      between the carrying amount of the associate or joint venture upon loss of significant influence
      or joint control and the fair value of the retained investment and proceeds from disposal is
      recognized in profit or loss.

      Business combinations and goodwill

      Except for business combinations under common control, the Group accounted for its business
      combinations using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred is measured at the
      acquisition date fair value which is the sum of the acquisition date fair values of assets
      transferred by the Group, liabilities assumed by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree
      and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. For each
      business combination, the Group elects whether to measure the non-controlling interests in the
      acquiree at fair value or at the proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. All
      other components of non-controlling interests are measured at fair value. Acquisition-related
      costs are expensed as incurred.

      The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and
      assets includes an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the
      ability to create outputs.




126     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2025

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Business combinations and goodwill (Continued)

  When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for
  appropriate classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic
  circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of
  embedded derivatives in host contracts of the acquiree.

  Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognized at fair value at the
  acquisition date. Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability is measured at fair
  value with changes in fair value recognized in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is
  classified as equity is not remeasured and subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.

  Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration
  transferred, the amount recognized for non-controlling interests and any fair value of the
  Group’s previously held equity interests in the acquiree over the identifiable assets acquired and
  liabilities assumed. If the sum of this consideration and other items is lower than the fair value
  of the net assets acquired, the difference is, after reassessment, recognized in profit or loss as a
  gain on bargain purchase.

  After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses.
  Goodwill is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in
  circumstances indicate that the carrying value may be impaired. The Group performs its annual
  impairment test of goodwill as at March 31. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill
  acquired in a business combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the
  Group’s cash-generating units (“CGUs”), or groups of CGUs, that are expected to benefit from
  the synergies of the combination, irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the Group
  are assigned to those units or groups of units.

  Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the CGU (group of CGUs) to
  which the goodwill relates. Where the recoverable amount of the CGU (group of CGUs) is less
  than the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognized. An impairment loss recognized for
  goodwill is not reversed in a subsequent period.

  Where goodwill has been allocated to a CGU (or group of CGUs) and part of the operation
  within that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is
  included in the carrying amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on the
  disposal. Goodwill disposed of in these circumstances is measured based on the relative value
  of the operation disposed of and the portion of the CGU retained.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   127
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Fair value measurement

      The Group measures its financial assets at FVPL, bills receivable and equity investments
      designated at FVOCI at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Fair value is the price that
      would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction
      between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on
      the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in
      the principal market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most
      advantageous market for the asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market
      must be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the
      assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming
      that market participants act in their economic best interest.

      A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s
      ability to generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling
      it to another market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

      The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which
      sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximizing the use of relevant observable
      inputs and minimizing the use of unobservable inputs.

      All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements
      are categorized within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level
      input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:

      Level 1       —    based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or
                         liabilities

      Level 2       —    based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant
                         to the fair value measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly

      Level 3       —    based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant
                         to the fair value measurement is unobservable

      For assets and liabilities that are recognized in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the
      Group determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by
      reassessing categorization (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
      measurement as a whole) at the end of each reporting period.




128     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                               March 31, 2025

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Impairment of non-financial assets

  Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for a
  non-financial asset is required (other than inventories and deferred tax assets), the asset’s
  recoverable amount is estimated. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s or
  CGU’s value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and is determined for an individual
  asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those
  from other assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount is determined for
  the CGU to which the asset belongs.

  An impairment loss is recognized only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable
  amount. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their
  present value using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time
  value of money and the risks specific to the asset. An impairment loss is charged to the
  statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises in those expense categories consistent
  with the function of the impaired asset.

  An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication
  that previously recognized impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If
  such an indication exists, the recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognized
  impairment loss of an asset other than goodwill is reversed only if there has been a change in
  the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of that asset, but not to an amount
  higher than the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of any depreciation/
  amortization) had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset in prior years. A reversal of
  such an impairment loss is credited to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it
  arises.

  Related parties

  A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

  (a) the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person

       (i)   has control or joint control over the Group;

       (ii) has significant influence over the Group; or

       (iii) is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;

  or




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   129
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Related parties (Continued)

      (b) the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:

          (i)    the entity and the Group are members of the same group;

          (ii) one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary
               or fellow subsidiary of the other entity);

          (iii) the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

          (iv) one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the
               third entity;

          (v) the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the
              Group or an entity related to the Group; and the sponsoring employers of the
              post-employment benefit plan;

          (vi) the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

          (vii) a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of
                the key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

          (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management
                 personnel services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.

      Property and equipment and depreciation

      Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment
      losses. The cost of an item of property and equipment comprises its purchase price and any
      directly attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its
      intended use.

      Expenditure incurred after items of property and equipment have been put into operation, such
      as repairs and maintenance, is normally charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period
      in which it is incurred. In situations where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure
      for a major inspection is capitalized in the carrying amount of the asset as a replacement.
      Where significant parts of property and equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the
      Group recognizes such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and depreciates them
      accordingly.




130     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2025

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Property and equipment and depreciation (Continued)

  Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property
  and equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates
  used for this purpose are as follows:

  Leasehold improvements                                Over the shorter of lease terms and 331/3%
  Computer equipment, furniture and fixtures            19% to 331/3%
  Motor vehicles                                        20%

  Where parts of an item of property and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that
  item is allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated
  separately. Residual values, useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and
  adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial year end.

  An item of property and equipment including any significant part initially recognized is
  derecognized upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or
  disposal. Any gain or loss on disposal or retirement recognized in the statement of profit or loss
  in the year the asset is derecognized is the difference between the net sales proceeds and the
  carrying amount of the relevant asset.

  Intangible assets (other than goodwill)

  Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of
  intangible assets acquired in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition.
  The useful lives of intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible
  assets with finite lives are subsequently amortized over the useful economic life and assessed
  for impairment whenever there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The
  amortization period and the amortization method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life
  are reviewed at least at each financial year end.

  Patents and licences

  Patents and licences are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortized on the
  straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of three years.

  Brand name

  The brand name is stated at cost less impairment losses and is amortized on the straight-line
  basis over its estimated useful life of 20 years.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   131
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Leases

      The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract
      is, or contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset
      for a period of time in exchange for consideration.

      Group as a lessee

      The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for
      short-term leases. The Group recognizes lease liabilities to make lease payments and
      right-of-use assets representing the right to use the underlying assets.

      (a) Right-of-use assets

          Right-of-use assets are recognized at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date
          the underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less
          accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement
          of lease liabilities. The cost of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities
          recognized, initial direct costs incurred, and lease payments made at or before the
          commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-use assets are depreciated
          on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease terms and the estimated useful lives of
          the assets as follows:

          Retail outlets                                                       1.1 to 9 years
          Offices                                                              1.6 to 3.1 years
          Warehouses                                                           5 years

      (b) Lease liabilities

          Lease liabilities are recognized at the commencement date of the lease at the present value
          of lease payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed
          payments (including in substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable,
          variable lease payments that depend on an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be
          paid under residual value guarantees. The lease payments also include the exercise price of
          a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the Group and payments of
          penalties for termination of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising the
          option to terminate the lease. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index
          or a rate are recognized as an expense in the period in which the event or condition that
          triggers the payment occurs.




132     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2025

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Leases (Continued)

  Group as a lessee (Continued)

  (b) Lease liabilities (Continued)

      In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental
      borrowing rate at the lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the
      lease is not readily determinable. After the commencement date, the amount of lease
      liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest and reduced for the lease payments
      made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is remeasured if there is a
      modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a change to
      future lease payments resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in
      assessment of an option to purchase the underlying asset.

  (c) Short-term leases

      The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of
      properties (that is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the
      commencement date and do not contain a purchase option). Lease payments on short-term
      leases are recognized as an expense on a straight-line basis over the lease term.

  Group as a lessor

  When the Group acts as a lessor, it classifies at lease inception (or when there is a lease
  modification) each of its leases as either an operating lease or a finance lease.

  Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to
  ownership of an asset are classified as operating leases. When a contract contains lease and
  non-lease components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each component
  on a relative stand-alone selling price basis. Rental income is accounted for on a straight-line
  basis over the lease term and is included in revenue in the statement of profit or loss due to its
  operating nature. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease
  are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognized over the lease term on
  the same basis as rental income. Contingent rents are recognized as revenue in the period in
  which they are earned.

  Leases that transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of an
  underlying asset to the lessee are accounted for as finance leases.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   133
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Investments and other financial assets

      Initial recognition and measurement

      Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortized
      cost, fair value through other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.

      The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s
      contractual cash flow characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With
      the exception of trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for
      which the Group has applied the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant
      financing component, the Group initially measures a financial asset at its fair value, plus in the
      case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade
      receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has
      applied the practical expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under HKFRS
      15 in accordance with the policies set out for “Revenue recognition” below.

      In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortized cost or fair value
      through other comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely
      payments of principal and interest (“SPPI”) on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets
      with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified and measured at fair value through profit or
      loss, irrespective of the business model.

      The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial
      assets in order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will
      result from collecting contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial
      assets classified and measured at amortized cost are held within a business model with the
      objective to hold financial assets in order to collect contractual cash flows, while financial assets
      classified and measured at fair value through other comprehensive income are held within a
      business model with the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows and selling.
      Financial assets which are not held within the aforementioned business models are classified
      and measured at fair value through profit or loss.

      Purchases or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally
      established by regulation or convention in the marketplace are recognized on the trade date,
      that is, the date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset.




134     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            March 31, 2025

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

  Subsequent measurement

  The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:

  Financial assets at amortized cost (debt instruments)

  Financial assets at amortized cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest
  method and are subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognized in the statement of
  profit or loss when the asset is derecognized, modified or impaired.

  Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (debt instruments)

  For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, interest income, foreign
  exchange revaluation and impairment losses or reversals are recognized in the statement of
  profit or loss and computed in the same manner as for financial assets measured at amortized
  cost. The remaining fair value changes are recognized in other comprehensive income. Upon
  derecognition, the cumulative fair value change recognized in other comprehensive income is
  recycled to the statement of profit or loss.

  Financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (equity
  investments)

  Upon initial recognition, the Group can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as
  equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income when they
  meet the definition of equity under HKAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation and are not
  held for trading. The classification is determined on an instrument-by-instrument basis.

  Gains and losses on these financial assets are never recycled to the statement of profit or loss.
  Dividends are recognized as other income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of
  payment has been established, except when the Group benefits from such proceeds as a
  recovery of part of the cost of the financial asset, in which case such gains are recorded in
  other comprehensive income. Equity investments designated at fair value through other
  comprehensive income are not subject to impairment assessment.




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   135
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

      Subsequent measurement (Continued)

      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial
      position at fair value with net changes in fair value recognized in the statement of profit or loss.

      This category includes derivative instruments and equity investments which the Group had not
      irrevocably elected to classify at fair value through other comprehensive income. Dividends on
      the equity investments are also recognized as other income in the statement of profit or loss
      when the right of payment has been established.

      A derivative embedded within a hybrid contract containing a financial asset host is not
      accounted for separately. The financial asset host together with the embedded derivative is
      required to be classified in its entirety as a financial asset at fair value through profit or loss.

      Derecognition of financial assets

      A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar
      financial assets) is primarily derecognized (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated
      statement of financial position) when:

      •     the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or

      •     the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an
            obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party
            under a “pass-through” arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred
            substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred
            nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control
            of the asset.

      When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered
      into a pass-through arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and
      rewards of ownership of the asset. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all
      the risks and rewards of the asset nor transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to
      recognize the transferred asset to the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement. In that case,
      the Group also recognize an associated liability. The transferred asset and the associated
      liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the Group has
      retained.




136       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2025

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Derecognition of financial assets (Continued)

  Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is
  measured at the lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount
  of consideration that the Group could be required to repay.

  Impairment of financial assets

  The Group recognizes an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments
  not held at fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the
  contractual cash flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the
  Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate.
  The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit
  enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

  General approach

  ECLs are recognized in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a
  significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that
  result from default events that are possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For
  those credit exposures for which there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial
  recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected over the remaining life of the
  exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

  At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has
  increased significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group
  compares the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date
  with the risk of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial
  recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information that is available without
  undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking information. The Group considers
  that there has been a significant increase in credit risk when contractual payments are more
  than 30 days past due.

  The Group considers a financial asset in default when unsettled contractual payments are aged
  more than two years. The Group has rebutted the 90 days past due presumption of default
  based on reasonable and supportable information, including the Group’s credit risk control
  practices and the historical recovery rate of financial assets over 90 days past due. However, the
  Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or external information
  indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before
  taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   137
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

      General approach (Continued)

      For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, the Group applies the
      low credit risk simplification. At each reporting date, the Group evaluates whether the debt
      investments are considered to have low credit risk using all reasonable and supportable
      information that is available without undue cost or effort. However, when there has been a
      significant increase in credit risk of debt investments since origination, the allowance will be
      based on the lifetime ECL.

      A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the
      contractual cash flows.

      Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at
      amortized cost are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified
      within the following stages for measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables which apply
      the simplified approach as detailed below.

      Stage 1                   —     Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly
                                      since initial recognition and for which the loss allowance is measured at
                                      an amount equal to 12-month ECLs

      Stage 2                   —     Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since
                                      initial recognition but that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for
                                      which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime
                                      ECLs

      Stage 3                   —     Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that
                                      are not purchased or originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss
                                      allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs

      Simplified approach

      For trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or when the Group
      applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component,
      the Group applies the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach,
      the Group does not track changes in credit risk, but instead recognizes a loss allowance based
      on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group has established a provision matrix that is
      based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the
      debtors and the economic environment.

      For lease receivables, the Group chooses as its accounting policy to adopt the simplified
      approach in calculating ECLs with policies as described above.



138     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                               March 31, 2025

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Financial liabilities

  Initial recognition and measurement

  Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value
  through profit or loss and financial liabilities at amortized cost.

  All financial liabilities are recognized initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and
  borrowings and payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.

  The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and bills payables and other financial liabilities
  included in other payables and lease liabilities.

  Subsequent measurement

  The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:

  Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

  Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading
  and financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss.

  Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are incurred for the purpose of
  repurchasing in the near term. This category also includes derivative financial instruments
  entered into by the Group that are not designated as hedging instruments in hedge
  relationships as defined by HKFRS 9. Separated embedded derivatives are also classified as held
  for trading unless they are designated as effective hedging instruments. Gains or losses on
  liabilities held for trading are recognized in the statement of profit or loss. The net fair value
  gain or loss recognized in the statement of profit or loss does not include any interest charged
  on these financial liabilities.

  Financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss are
  designated at the initial date of recognition, and only if the criteria in HKFRS 9 are satisfied.
  Gains or losses on liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss are recognized in the
  statement of profit or loss, except for the gains or losses arising from the Group’s own credit risk
  which are presented in other comprehensive income with no subsequent reclassification to the
  statement of profit or loss. The net fair value gain or loss recognized in the statement of profit
  or loss does not include any interest charged on these financial liabilities.




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   139
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Financial liabilities (Continued)

      Subsequent measurement (Continued)

      Financial liabilities at amortized cost

      After initial recognition, trade and other payables are subsequently measured at amortized cost,
      using the effective interest method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in
      which case they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognized in the statement of profit or
      loss when the liabilities are derecognized as well as through the effective interest rate
      amortization process.

      Amortized cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and
      fees or costs that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate
      amortization is included in finance costs in the statement of profit or loss.

      Derecognition of financial liabilities

      A financial liability is derecognized when the obligation under the liability is discharged or
      cancelled, or expires.

      When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially
      different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange
      or modification is treated as a derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new
      liability, and the difference between the respective carrying amounts is recognized in the
      statement of profit or loss.

      Offsetting of financial instruments

      Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the
      statement of financial position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the
      recognized amounts and there is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realize the assets
      and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

      Treasury shares

      Own equity instruments which are reacquired and held by the Company or the Group (treasury
      shares) are recognized directly in equity at cost. No gain or loss is recognized in the statement
      of profit or loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Group’s own equity
      instruments.




140     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2025

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Inventories

  Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is determined on the
  weighted average basis. Net realizable value is based on estimated selling prices less any
  estimated costs to be incurred to completion and disposal.

  Cash and bank deposits and cash equivalents

  Cash and bank deposits in the statement of financial position comprise cash on hand and at
  banks, and highly liquid time deposits with a maturity of generally within three months when
  acquired that are readily convertible into known amounts of cash, subject to an insignificant risk
  of changes in value and held for the purpose of meeting short-term cash commitments.

  Cash and cash equivalents in the statement of cash flows comprise cash on hand and at banks,
  and highly liquid time deposits as defined above, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on
  demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management.

  Income tax

  Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognized outside
  profit or loss is recognized outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or
  directly in equity.

  Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or
  paid to the taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
  substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period, taking into consideration
  interpretations and practices prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates.

  Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of
  the reporting period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts
  for financial reporting purposes, except that deferred tax is not recognized for the Pillar Two
  income taxes.

  Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences, except:

  •   when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or
      liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the
      transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss and does not give
      rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences; and

  •   in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries,
      associates and joint ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences
      can be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the
      foreseeable future.



                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   141
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Income tax (Continued)

      Deferred tax assets are recognized for all deductible temporary differences, and the
      carryforward of unused tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are
      recognized to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will be available against which
      the deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax credits and unused
      tax losses can be utilized, except:

      •     when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the
            initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination
            and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or
            loss and does not give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences; and

      •     in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries,
            associates and joint ventures, deferred tax assets are only recognized to the extent that it is
            probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable
            profit will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilized.

      The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and
      reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available
      to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilized. Unrecognized deferred tax assets are
      reassessed at the end of each reporting period and are recognized to the extent that it has
      become probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the
      deferred tax asset to be recovered.

      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to
      the period when the asset is realized or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws)
      that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

      Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally
      enforceable right to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax
      assets and deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority
      on either the same taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend either to settle
      current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realize the assets and settle the liabilities
      simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or
      assets are expected to be settled or recovered.

      Government grants

      Government grants are recognized at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that
      the grant will be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant
      relates to an expense item, it is recognized as income on a systematic basis over the periods
      that the costs, for which it is intended to compensate, are expensed.




142       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2025

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Revenue recognition

  Revenue from contracts with customers

  Revenue from contracts with customers is recognized when control of goods or services is
  transferred to the customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group
  expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.

  When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is
  estimated to which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services
  to the customer. The variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained
  until it is highly probable that a significant revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative
  revenue recognized will not occur when the associated uncertainty with the variable
  consideration is subsequently resolved.

  The Group reports revenue on a gross or net basis depending on whether the Group is acting as
  a principal or an agent in a transaction. The Group is a principal if it controls the specified
  product or service before that product or service is transferred to a customer or it has a right to
  direct others to provide the product or service to the customer on the Group’s behalf. Indicators
  that the Group is a principal include, but are not limited to, whether the Group (i) is primarily
  responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified good or service; (ii) has inventory
  risk before the specified good or service has been transferred to a customer or after transfer of
  control to the customer; and (iii) has discretion in establishing the price for the specified good
  or service, etc.

  When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a
  significant benefit of financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than
  one year, revenue is measured at the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using
  the discount rate that would be reflected in a separate financing transaction between the Group
  and the customer at contract inception. When the contract contains a financing component
  which provides the Group with a significant financial benefit for more than one year, revenue
  recognized under the contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability
  under the effective interest method. For a contract where the period between the payment by
  the customer and the transfer of the promised goods or services is one year or less, the
  transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of a significant financing component, using the
  practical expedient in HKFRS 15.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   143
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Revenue recognition (Continued)

      Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

      (a) Revenues from the pharmaceutical direct sales business:

          Sale of pharmaceutical and healthcare products

          The Group is engaged in the sale of pharmaceutical and healthcare products to individual
          customers (“business-to-customer” or “B2C”) through its online stores on Tmall.com
          (“ T m a l l ”) a n d i t s o f f l i n e p h a r m a c y o u t l e t s , a n d t o m e r c h a n t c u s t o m e r s
          (“business-to-business”, or “B2B”). Revenue from the sale of pharmaceutical and
          healthcare products is recorded net of discounts and recognized when the goods are
          delivered to B2C customers or received by B2B customers, either by third party couriers or at
          the offline outlets, or to merchant customers by third party couriers. For contracts which
          provide a customer with a right to return the goods within a specified period, the expected
          value method is used to estimate the goods that will not be returned because this method
          best predicts the amount of variable consideration to which the Group will be entitled. The
          requirements in HKFRS 15 on constraining estimates of variable consideration are applied in
          order to determine the amount of variable consideration that can be included in the
          transaction price.

          Marketing services

          The Group provides marketing services to pharmaceutical brands primarily through display
          of impressions or clicks of the pharmaceutical brands’ advertisements on various online
          platforms and mobile apps. The fee from pharmaceutical brands is charged primarily
          during the period over which the marketing services are provided. Revenue from the
          marketing services is recognized over the period when the underlying services are provided.

      (b) Revenues from the pharmaceutical E-commerce platform business:

          Outsourced and value-added services to Tmall Entities

          The Group provides outsourced and value-added services to Tmall Entities*, in relation to
          certain categories of products or services sold or provided on Tmall. The outsourced and
          value-added services include business development for merchants, customer services on
          behalf of merchants, marketing event planning for merchants and technical support and
          assistance to the Tmall Entities’ business team. Revenue from the outsourced and
          value-added services is determined as a percentage of the fees paid by merchants to the
          Tmall Entities in respect of the transaction amount of completed sales of products or
          services under certain categories on Tmall and recognized when services are rendered and
          the underlying transactions of merchants are completed.




144     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2025

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Revenue recognition (Continued)

  Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

  (b) Revenues from the pharmaceutical E-commerce platform business: (Continued)

      E-commerce platform services

      The Group provides to merchants on the Tmall e-commerce platform maintenance related
      software services in respect of merchant admission, product quality control, and merchant
      operational and maintenance support, and earns commissions from merchants generally at
      3% of the transaction amounts of merchandise being sold on Tmall by merchants. Revenue
      of the commissions is recognized at the time when the underlying sale of merchandise by
      merchants on Tmall is completed.

      Marketing materials review and value-added services

      The Group provides marketing materials review services and value-added services to
      Hangzhou Alimama Software Services Co., Ltd. (“Hangzhou Alimama”) in respect of product
      promotion under the certain healthcare categories. Revenue from the marketing materials
      review services and value-added services is recognized over the period when the underlying
      services are provided.

      *   Zhejiang Tmall Network Co., Ltd. (浙江天貓網絡有限公司) and Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd. (浙江天貓技
          術有限公司)


  (c) Revenues from the healthcare and digital services business

      The Group provides a variety of standardized service packages that integrate services
      provided by various medical and healthcare organizations to meet the health-related needs
      of the users, such as health check-ups, genetic testing and vaccine inoculation. The Group
      principally generates revenue from selling the standardized service packages to individual
      customers or corporate customers. Different types of service packages provide the
      customers with a specific number of times of services for each service offered in the
      package. Revenue is recognized upon the individual service is rendered to customers.

      The Group, through its online stores on Tmall and mobile apps, facilitates the provision of
      services by medical and healthcare service organizations to end customers. The Group
      provides to medical and healthcare service organizations with e-commerce platform
      maintenance related software services, customer consultation, reservation and other
      value-added services and charges a service fee at a percentage of the amount of the
      transaction entered into by the medical and healthcare service providers and their
      customers, or at a fixed price per reservation through the Group’s online stores. The
      revenue is recognized at the time when the underlying transaction is completed by the
      medical and healthcare service provider through Tmall.


                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   145
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Revenue recognition (Continued)

      Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

      (c) Revenues from the healthcare and digital services business (Continued)

          The Group also provides marketing services to medical and healthcare service organizations
          primarily through display of impressions or clicks of the advertisement in particular areas of
          web pages or mobile apps. The fee from medical and healthcare service organizations is
          charged primarily during the period over which the marketing services are provided.

          The Group also provides multi-faceted, multi-level, professional and convenient health
          consultation services to users through their engaged professionals, such as medical
          practitioners, pharmacists and nutritionists. The Group charges a fixed consultation fee to
          the user and recognizes revenue at the time when the service is rendered to the user.

          The Group also renders series of services to the customers through its product tracking
          platforms, including product track and trace and the digital healthcare business. Revenue is
          recognized over the period when the underlying services are provided.

      Other income

      Interest income is recognized on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by
      applying the rate that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life
      of the financial instrument or a shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of
      the financial asset.

      Dividend income is recognized when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been
      established, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to
      the Group and the amount of the dividend can be measured reliably.

      Contract liabilities

      A contract liability is recognized when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is
      earlier) from a customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract
      liabilities are recognized as revenue when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers
      control of the related goods or services to the customer).

      Costs of services

      Costs of services comprise labor, other costs of personnel directly engaged in providing the
      services and attributable overhead costs for technical support and other direct costs of services
      purchased.




146     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2025

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Fulfilment

  Fulfilment primarily consists of those costs incurred in warehousing, logistics, operation and
  customer services, which are associated with the Group’s online direct sales business.

  Finance costs

  Finance costs are interest on lease liabilities of the Group.

  Share-based payments

  The Company operates a share award scheme. Employees (including directors) of the Group
  receive remuneration in the form of share-based payments, whereby employees render services
  in exchange for equity instruments (“equity-settled transactions”). The cost of equity-settled
  transactions with employees is measured by reference to the fair value at the date at which they
  are granted. The fair value of share options is determined by an external valuer using a
  binomial model and the fair value of restricted share units (“RSUs”) is determined based on the
  market value of the Company’s shares, further details of which are given in note 29 to the
  financial statements.

  Certain employees of Alibaba Group transferred to the Company, share awards granted by
  Alibaba Group to these employees were not forfeited after to the transfer. The Company has no
  obligation to settle all RSUs vested during these employees’ service period in the Company, and
  measures the transaction as equity-settled share-based payments.

  The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognized in employee benefit expense, together with
  a corresponding increase in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service
  conditions are fulfilled. The cumulative expense recognized for equity-settled transactions at the
  end of each reporting period until the vesting date reflects the extent to which the vesting
  period has expired and the Group’s best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will
  ultimately vest. The charge or credit to the statement of profit or loss for a period represents the
  movement in the cumulative expense recognized as at the beginning and end of that period.

  Service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining
  the grant date fair value of awards, but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed
  as part of the Group’s best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately
  vest. Market performance conditions are reflected within the grant date fair value. Any other
  conditions attached to an award, but without an associated service requirement, are considered
  to be non-vesting conditions. Non-vesting conditions are reflected in the fair value of an award
  and lead to an immediate expensing of an award unless there are also service and/or
  performance conditions.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   147
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Share-based payments (Continued)

      For awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service
      conditions have not been met, no expense is recognized. Where awards include a market or
      non-vesting condition, the transactions are treated as vesting irrespective of whether the market
      or non-vesting condition is satisfied, provided that all other performance and/or service
      conditions are satisfied.

      Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is
      recognized as if the terms had not been modified, if the original terms of the award are met. In
      addition, an expense is recognized for any modification that increases the total fair value of the
      share-based payments, or is otherwise beneficial to the employee as measured at the date of
      modification. Where an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated as if it had vested on the
      date of cancellation, and any expense not yet recognized for the award is recognized
      immediately.

      The dilutive effect of outstanding options and RSUs is reflected as additional share dilution in
      the computation of earnings per share.

      Other employee benefits

      Pension schemes

      The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme
      (the “MPF Scheme”) under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for those eligible
      Hong Kong employees. Contributions are made based on a percentage of the employees’ basic
      salaries and are charged to the statement of profit or loss as they become payable in
      accordance with the rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held
      separately from those of the Group in an independently administered fund. The Group’s
      employer contributions vest fully with the employees when contributed into the MPF Scheme.

      Full-time employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in Mainland China are required to
      participate in defined contribution schemes operated by the local municipal governments. These
      subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage of their payroll costs to the defined
      contribution scheme which includes pension, medical care, unemployment insurance, employee
      housing fund and other welfare. The contributions are charged to the statement of profit or loss
      as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the defined contribution scheme. The
      Group has no legal obligation for the benefits beyond the contributions made.




148     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2025

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Events after the reporting period

  If the Group receives information after the reporting period, but prior to the date of
  authorization for issue, about conditions that existed at the end of the reporting period, it will
  assess whether the information affects the amounts that it recognizes in its financial statements.
  The Group will adjust the amounts recognized in its financial statements to reflect any adjusting
  events after the reporting period and update the disclosures that relate to those conditions in
  light of the new information. For non-adjusting events after the reporting period, the Group will
  not change the amounts recognized in its financial statements, but will disclose the nature of
  the non-adjusting events and an estimate of their financial effects, or a statement that such an
  estimate cannot be made, if applicable.

  Dividends

  Final dividends are recognized as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a
  general meeting. Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.
  Interim dividends are simultaneously proposed and declared, because the Company’s
  memorandum and articles of association grant the directors the authority to declare interim
  dividends. Consequently, interim dividends are recognized immediately as a liability when they
  are proposed and declared.

  Foreign currencies

  The Company’s functional currency is Hong Kong dollar (“HK$”), while these financial
  statements are presented in RMB. Each entity in the Group determines its own functional
  currency and items included in the financial statements of each entity are measured using that
  functional currency. Foreign currency transactions recorded by the entities in the Group are
  initially recorded using their respective functional currency rates prevailing at the dates of the
  transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at
  the functional currency rates of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period. Differences
  arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognized in the statement of profit
  or loss.

  Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
  translated using the exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items
  measured at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date
  when the fair value was measured. The gain or loss arising on translation of a non-monetary
  item measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition of the gain or loss on change
  in fair value of the item (i.e., translation difference on the item whose fair value gain or loss is
  recognized in other comprehensive income or profit or loss is also recognized in other
  comprehensive income or profit or loss, respectively).




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   149
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

2.4 MATERIAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
      Foreign currencies (Continued)

      In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income
      on the derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance
      consideration, the date of initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognizes
      the non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability arising from the advance consideration. If
      there are multiple payments or receipts in advance, the Group determines the transaction date
      for each payment or receipt of the advance consideration.

      The functional currencies of certain subsidiaries not operating in Mainland China are currencies
      other than the RMB. As at the end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these
      entities are translated into RMB at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the reporting
      period and their statements of profit or loss are translated into RMB at the weighted average
      exchange rates for the year.

      The resulting exchange differences are recognized in other comprehensive income and
      accumulated in the exchange fluctuation reserve, except to the extent that the differences are
      attributable to non-controlling interests. On disposal of a subsidiary not operating in Mainland
      China, the cumulative amount in the reserve relating to that particular subsidiary not operating
      in Mainland China is recognized in the statement of profit or loss.

      Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a subsidiary not operating in Mainland China and any
      fair value adjustments to the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities arising on acquisition are
      treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign operation and translated at the closing rate.

      For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of subsidiaries not
      operating in Mainland China are translated into RMB at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of
      the cash flows. Frequently recurring cash flows of subsidiaries not operating in Mainland China
      which arise throughout the year are translated into RMB at the weighted average exchange
      rates for the year.


3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
      The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements,
      estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and
      liabilities, and their accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities.
      Uncertainty about these assumptions and estimates could result in outcomes that could require
      a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the assets or liabilities affected in the future.




150     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2025

3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
   (CONTINUED)
  Judgements

  In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the
  following judgements, apart from those involving estimations, which have the most significant
  effect on the amounts recognized in the financial statements:

  Accounting for companies governed under contractual arrangements as subsidiaries

  The Company and some of its subsidiaries do not hold any equity interests in certain of their
  subsidiaries. Nevertheless, under the contractual agreements entered into between the Group
  and the shareholders who are the registered owners of those subsidiaries, the directors of the
  Company determine that the Group has the power to govern the financial and operating policies
  of those subsidiaries so as to obtain benefits from their activities. As such, those subsidiaries are
  accounted for as subsidiaries of the Group for accounting purposes.

  Principal versus agent considerations

  In determining whether the Group is acting as a principal or as an agent in the sales of goods
  and provision of services, requires judgement and consideration of all relevant facts and
  circumstances. In evaluation of the Group acting as a principal or an agent, the Group considers
  whether it obtains control of the good or service before that good or service is transferred to a
  customer, including whether the Group is primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to
  provide the specified good or service, has inventory risk before the specified good or service has
  been transferred to a customer or after transfer of control to the customer (for example, if the
  customer has a right of return), has discretion in establishing the price for the specified good or
  service.

  Classification between associates and financial assets at fair value through profits or loss

  The Group applies the equity method of accounting to account for its equity interests in certain
  investee companies with less than 20% as associates, and classifies its equity interests in certain
  investee companies with over 20% as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.
  Management assesses the level of influence that the Group is able to exercise on these investee
  companies and determines the existence of significant influence after considering various
  factors, such as the composition of the board of directors of these investee companies, the
  existence of contractual arrangements, and the investment strategies of holding equity interests
  in these investee companies. For those investee companies in which the Group are able to
  exercise significant influence, they are classified as associates of the Group.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   151
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
   (CONTINUED)
      Judgements (Continued)

      Deferred tax assets

      Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that
      taxable profit will be available against which the losses can be utilized. Significant management
      judgement is required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognized,
      based upon the likely timing and the level of future taxable profits, together with future tax
      planning strategies.

      The Group has unrecognized tax losses of RMB692,786,000 (2024: RMB1,081,698,000) carried
      forward. These losses related to subsidiaries that either have been loss-making for some time or
      turned a profit in recent years, and it is not considered probable that taxable profits will be
      available against which the tax losses can be utilized. On this basis, the Group has determined
      that it cannot recognize deferred tax assets on the tax losses carried forward.

      Further details on deferred taxes are disclosed in note 27 to the financial statements.

      Estimation uncertainty

      The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at
      the end of the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to
      the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.

      Impairment of investments in associates

      The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for investments in
      associates at the end of each reporting period. Investments in associates are tested for
      impairment when there are indicators that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An
      impairment exists when the carrying amount of an investment in an associate exceeds its
      recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its value in
      use. The fair value is determined based on market-based valuation techniques for unlisted
      associates or based on observable market prices for listed associates less incremental costs for
      disposing of the asset. The market-based valuation techniques involve the use of significant
      judgements and estimates, such as comparable public companies, relevant price multiples,
      discounts for lack of marketability and recent transactions prices. When the value in use is
      determined based on discounted cash flow method, management must estimate the expected
      future cash flows from the investments in associates and choose suitable discount rates and
      growth rates in order to calculate the present values of those cash flows.




152     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2025

3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
   (CONTINUED)
  Estimation uncertainty (Continued)

  Fair value of unlisted equity investments

  The Group’s unlisted equity investments have been valued based on market-based valuation
  techniques as detailed in note 35 to the financial statements. The fair values are determined
  mainly based on (i) valuation multiples of the comparable public companies (peers) and
  discounts for lack of marketability, or (ii) recent transaction prices, together with an option
  pricing model for the equity allocation purpose. The Group classifies the fair value of these
  unlisted equity investments as Level 3. The fair value of the unlisted equity investments at March
  31, 2025 was RMB1,710,346,000 (2024: RMB1,669,657,000). Further details are included in notes
  22 and 23 to the financial statements.

  Impairment of goodwill

  The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis. This requires
  an estimation of the value in use of the CGUs to which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the
  value in use requires the Group to make an estimate of the expected future cash flows from the
  CGUs and also to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those
  cash flows. The carrying amount of goodwill at March 31, 2025 was RMB810,853,000 (2024:
  RMB810,853,000). Further details are given in note 14 to the financial statements.

  Impairment of inventories

  Management reviews the ageing and expiry dates of inventories of the Group at the end of each
  reporting period, and makes provision or write-off on obsolete and slow-moving inventory items
  identified that are no longer suitable for sale. Management estimates the net realizable value
  for such inventories based primarily on the available selling prices, estimated costs to be
  incurred to sale and current market conditions. If the market condition was to deteriorate so that
  the actual provision might be higher than expected, the Group would be required to revise the
  basis of making the provision and its future results would be affected.


4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION
  The Group is primarily engaged in the pharmaceutical direct sales business, pharmaceutical
  e-commerce platform business and healthcare and digital services business. Given that the chief
  operating decision maker of the Company considers that the Group’s business is operated and
  managed as a single segment of distribution and development of pharmaceutical and
  healthcare business, no further segment information is presented.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   153
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)
      Geographical information

      During the year ended March 31, 2025, all (2024: all) of the Group’s revenue from external
      customers and over 99% (2024: over 99%) non-current assets other than financial instruments
      and deferred tax assets as at March 31, 2025 attributed to Mainland China as determined based
      on the locations of customers and assets, respectively.

      Information about a major customer

      During the year ended March 31, 2025, there was no revenue derived from transactions with a
      single external customer which amounted to 10% or more of the Group’s revenue (2024: Nil).


5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS
      An analysis of revenue from contracts with customers is as follows:

                                                                                                  2025         2024
                                                                                               RMB’000      RMB’000

      Pharmaceutical direct sales business                                                   26,124,420   23,739,246
      Pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business                                             3,588,499    2,329,471
      Healthcare and digital services business                                                  885,373      957,838


      Total                                                                                  30,598,292   27,026,555


      (i)     Disaggregated revenue information

                                                                                                 2025          2024
                                                                                              RMB’000       RMB’000

              Types of goods or services:
                Sale of products                                                             24,058,732   22,561,428
                Provision of services                                                         6,539,560    4,465,127


              Total                                                                          30,598,292   27,026,555


              Timing of revenue recognition:
                At a point in time                                                           26,190,523   24,784,573
                Over time                                                                     4,407,769    2,241,982


              Total                                                                          30,598,292   27,026,555




154         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2025

5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (CONTINUED)
  (i)   Disaggregated revenue information (Continued)

        The following table shows the amounts of revenue recognized in the reporting period that
        were included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period:

                                                                                           2025                     2024
                                                                                        RMB’000                  RMB’000

        Sale of products                                                                 154,875                    4,078
        Provision of services                                                            399,808                  490,988


        Total                                                                            554,683                  495,066


  (ii) Performance obligations

        Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarized below:

        Sale of products

        The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of the pharmaceutical and healthcare
        products. For B2C pharmacy sales, payment is received from the payment platform, i.e.
        Alipay.com Co., Ltd. (支付寶（中國）網絡技術有限公司) (“Alipay”), when the receipt of goods is
        confirmed by customers or by the payment platform automatically within a pre-specified
        period of time after delivery. For B2B pharmacy sales, payment is generally due within 30 to
        90 days, except for new customers, where payment in advance is normally required. Some
        contracts provide customers with a right of return which gives rise to variable consideration
        subject to constraint.

        Provision of services

        The performance obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time as marketing
        services, outsourced and value-added services, E-commerce platform services, healthcare
        and digital services, and marketing materials review and value-added services are
        rendered. Payment is generally received upon the completion of the underlying
        transactions, prior to the provision of services on a full prepayment basis, or due within 30
        to 90 days.

        The Group has elected the practical expedient for not to disclose the remaining
        performance obligations because the performance obligations are part of contracts with
        original expected duration of one year or less (2024: one year or less) or the Group has a
        right to consideration from the customer in an amount that corresponds directly with the
        value to the customer of the Group’s performance completed to date.




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   155
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (CONTINUED)
                                                                                              2025                2024
                                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000

      Other income
      Bank interest income                                                                  464,654             477,266
      Other interest income                                                                     195                 764
      Investment income from financial assets at
        fair value through profit or loss                                                      4,125               6,028
      Dividend income from financial assets at fair value
        through profit or loss                                                               19,600               24,500
      Management fee income from a joint venture                                             12,193               10,669
      Government grants#                                                                    103,745               77,220
      Others                                                                                  5,086                4,283


      Total other income                                                                    609,598             600,730


      Gains
      Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value
        through profit or loss                                                               51,364                    —
      Gain on partial disposal of an associate                                                    —               48,337
      Gain on deemed disposal of associates                                                   1,633               18,066
      Gain on disposal of a joint venture                                                         —                   10
      Foreign exchange differences, net                                                           —                7,086
      Gain on disposal of property and equipment                                                641                  526


      Total gains                                                                            53,638               74,025


      Total other income and gains                                                          663,236             674,755

      #
            Government grants mainly represented incentives received for investments in certain regions in Mainland China in
            which the Company’s subsidiaries operate as well as tax-related benefits. There are no unfulfilled conditions or
            contingencies relating to these government grants.




156       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2025

6. PROFIT BEFORE TAX
  The Group’s profit before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                          2025                     2024
                                                                  Notes                RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Cost of goods sold*                                                               20,726,222               18,974,776
  Cost of services provided*
    (excluding employee benefit expense)                                              2,285,440                2,026,106
  Depreciation of property and equipment                            12                   15,295                    6,929
  Depreciation of right-of-use assets                              13(a)                 25,471                   29,796
  Amortization of intangible assets^                                15                   16,839                   16,957
  Fair value loss on contingent consideration
    included in other payables and accruals**                                                     —                     8,457
  Fair value losses on financial assets at fair value
    through profit or loss**                                                                  —                  349,854
  Loss on partial disposal of associates**                                               42,423                        —
  Loss on disposal of intangible assets**                                                    22                        —
  Foreign exchange differences, net**                                                    37,143                        —
  Impairment of investments in associates**                                             410,020                        —
  Provision of inventories*                                                              92,398                   88,478
  Lease payments not included in the measurement
    of lease liabilities                                           13(c)                    2,131                       1,652
  Impairment/(reversal of impairment) of financial
    assets, net**:
    Impairment of trade receivables                                  19                     6,207                       5,143
    Impairment of financial assets included in
       prepayments, other receivables and other assets               20                   11,174                         —
    Reversal of impairment of a loan to a joint venture                                        —                    (2,500)


  Total                                                                                   17,381                        2,643


  Loss on revision of lease terms arising from changes
    in the non-cancellable periods of leases**                     13(c)                       32                         732
  Auditor’s remuneration                                                                    4,230                       4,130
  Employee benefit expense (including directors’ and
    chief executive’s remuneration):
    Wages, salaries and social welfare benefits                                         565,932                  609,566
    Discretionary performance related bonuses                                           222,249                  166,564
    Share-based compensation expense                                 29                 224,535                  266,059
    Pension scheme contributions#                                                        55,179                   55,069


  Total                                                                               1,067,895                1,097,258



                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report      157
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

6. PROFIT BEFORE TAX (CONTINUED)
      *      These items are included in “Cost of sales” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


      **     These items are included in “Other expenses and losses” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

      ^
             This item is included in “Administrative expenses” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

      #
             There are no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group as the employer to reduce the existing level of
             contributions.


7. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION
      Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Rules
      Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”), section 383(1)
      (a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies
      (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

                                                                                                  2025                2024
                                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000

      Fees                                                                                         1,346                1,395


      Other emoluments:
        Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                  4,646              5,046
        Discretionary performance related bonuses                                                  2,490              4,288
        Share-based compensation expense                                                          31,838             21,644
        Pension scheme contributions                                                                 145                174


           Subtotal                                                                               39,119             31,152


      Total                                                                                       40,465             32,547


      During the year and in prior years, certain directors were granted share options and RSUs, in
      respect of their services to the Group, under the share award schemes of the Company, further
      details of which are set out in note 29 to the financial statements. The fair values of such
      options and RSUs, which have been recognized in the statement of profit or loss over the
      vesting period, were determined as at the date of grant and the amounts included in the
      financial statements for the current and prior years are included in the above directors’ and
      chief executive’s remuneration disclosures.




158        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                               March 31, 2025

7. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION
   (CONTINUED)
  (a) Independent non-executive directors

     The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:

                                                                                            2025                     2024
                                                                                         RMB’000                  RMB’000

     Mr. Wong King On, Samuel*                                                                     —                       268
     Mr. Luo Tong*                                                                                 —                       145
     Ms. Huang Yi Fei                                                                            350                       348
     Dr. Shao Rong*                                                                              350                       223
     Ms. Wu May Yihong*                                                                          646                       411


     Total                                                                                    1,346                       1,395

     *   Mr. Wong King On, Samuel and Mr. Luo Tong retired as independent non-executive directors of the Company
         on August 11, 2023. Dr. Shao Rong and Ms. Wu May Yihong were appointed as independent non-executive
         directors of the Company with the effect from August 11, 2023.


     There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors during
     the year (2024: Nil).




                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report      159
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

7. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION
   (CONTINUED)
      (b) Executive directors and non-executive directors

                                                              Salaries,     Discretionary
                                                           allowances       performance         Share-based        Pension
                                                          and benefits            related      compensation         scheme           Total
                                                Fees           in kind           bonuses            expense   contributions   remuneration
                                             RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


          2025
          Executive directors:
             Mr. Shen Difan#                        —             1,659              1,635            4,013             46           7,353
              Mr. Tu Yanwu                          —             1,182                  855          2,449             71           4,557


              Subtotal                              —             2,841              2,490            6,462            117          11,910


          Non-executive directors:
            Mr. Zhu Shunyan#                        —             1,805                   —          25,376             28          27,209
            Ms. Huang Jiaojiao^                     —                 —                   —               —              —               —
            Mr. Xu Haipeng^                         —                 —                   —               —              —               —


              Subtotal                              —             1,805                   —          25,376             28          27,209


          Total                                     —             4,646              2,490           31,838            145          39,119


          2024
          Executive directors:
             Mr. Zhu Shunyan#                       —              2,197             2,168           14,574             64          19,003
             Mr. Shen Difan#                        —              1,717             1,435            3,621             41           6,814
             Mr. Tu Yanwu                           —              1,132               685            3,449             69           5,335


              Subtotal                              —              5,046             4,288           21,644            174          31,152


          Non-executive directors:
            Ms. Huang Jiaojiao^                     —                  —                  —              —               —              —
            Mr. Xu Haipeng^                         —                  —                  —              —               —              —
            Mr. Li Faguang^                         —                  —                  —              —               —              —


              Subtotal                              —                  —                  —              —               —              —


          Total                                     —              5,046             4,288           21,644            174          31,152

          #
                  Mr. Zhu Shunyan resigned as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company on November 28, 2023, and was
                  re-designated from an executive director to a non-executive director with effect from September 1, 2024.
                  Mr. Shen Difan was appointed as the Chief Executive Officer of the Company with the effect from November
                  28, 2023.




160     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                  March 31, 2025

7. DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION
   (CONTINUED)
  (b) Executive directors and non-executive directors (Continued)

      ^   Mr. Li Faguang resigned as a non-executive director with the effect from May 15, 2023. Ms. Huang Jiaojiao was
          appointed as a non-executive director of the Company with the effect from May 15, 2023. Mr. Xu Haipeng
          was appointed as a non-executive director of the Company with the effect from October 19, 2023.


      During the year ended March 31, 2025, there was no (2024: no) arrangement under which a
      director waived or agreed to waive any remuneration and no remuneration was paid by the
      Group to a director as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation
      for loss of office.


8. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES
  The five highest paid employees during the year included two (2024: two) directors, details of
  whose remuneration are set out in note 7 above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the
  remaining three (2024: three) highest paid employees who are neither a director nor chief
  executive of the Company are as follows:

                                                                                               2025                     2024
                                                                                            RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                     4,716                    4,063
  Discretionary performance related bonuses                                                     2,298                    1,813
  Share-based compensation expense                                                             11,604                   17,128
  Pension scheme contributions                                                                    131                      144


  Total                                                                                        18,749                   23,148


  The number of non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees whose
  remuneration fell within the following bands is as follows:

                                                                                           Number of employees
                                                                                                  2025                       2024


  HK$5,000,001 to HK$5,500,000                                                                         2                       —
  HK$7,000,001 to HK$7,500,000                                                                         —                       1
  HK$7,500,001 to HK$8,000,000                                                                         —                       1
  HK$9,500,001 to HK$10,000,000                                                                        1                       —
  HK$10,000,001 to HK$10,500,000                                                                       —                       1


  Total                                                                                                 3                       3



                                            ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report     161
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

8. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES (CONTINUED)
      During the year and in prior years, share options and/or RSUs were granted to certain
      non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees in respect of their services to the
      Group, under the share award schemes of the Company, further details of which are set out in
      note 29 to the financial statements. The fair values of such options and RSUs, which have been
      recognized in the statement of profit or loss over the vesting period, were determined as at the
      date of grant and the amounts included in the financial statements for the current and prior
      years are included in the above non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees’
      remuneration disclosures.


9. INCOME TAX
                                                                                            2025       2024
                                                                                         RMB’000    RMB’000

      Current — Hong Kong
        Charge for the year                                                                8,461           —
        Overprovision in prior years                                                          (6)         (5)
      Current — Mainland China
        Charge for the year                                                              130,074      84,648
      Deferred (note 27)                                                                 (10,575)    (28,380)


      Total tax charge for the year                                                      127,954     56,263


      Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% on the estimated assessable
      profits arising in Hong Kong during the year ended March 31, 2025. No provision for Hong Kong
      profits tax had been made as the Group did not generate any assessable profits arising in Hong
      Kong during the year ended March 31, 2024.

      In Mainland China, the companies are subject to the PRC corporate income tax rate of 25%,
      except for two (2024: two) PRC subsidiaries which are entitled to a preferential tax rate of 15%
      (2024: 15%) because they are regarded as High and New Technology Enterprises and one
      (2024: Nil) PRC subsidiary which is entitled to a preferential tax rate of 15% because it operates
      in Hainan Free Trade Port and meets the preferential tax treatment requirements.

      No tax attributable to the joint venture was included in “Share of profit or loss of a joint
      venture” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss (2024: Nil).

      The share of tax charge attributable to associates of approximately RMB949,000 (2024:
      RMB6,342,000) is included in “Share of profits or losses of associates” in the consolidated
      statement of profit or loss.




162     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                       March 31, 2025

9. INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)
  A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit before tax at the statutory rates for the
  jurisdictions in which the Company and the majority of its subsidiaries are domiciled and/or
  operate to the tax expense at the effective tax rate, and a reconciliation of the applicable rates
  (i.e., the statutory tax rates) to the effective tax rates, are as follows:

  2025

                                                       Hong Kong                  Mainland China                     Total
                                                    RMB’000                %     RMB’000         %             RMB’000               %


  Profit before tax                                  496,687                     1,063,281                    1,559,968


  Tax at the statutory tax rate                        81,953           16.5       265,820            25.0      347,773           22.3
  Effect of preferential tax treatment enacted
     by local authority                                      —              —      (94,125)           (8.9)     (94,125)           (6.0)
  Adjustments in respect of current tax of
     previous periods                                       (6)             —             —              —             (6)           —
  Non-deductible expenses and non-taxable
     income, net                                      (76,860)         (15.5)       27,803             2.6      (49,057)           (3.1)
  Research and development super deduction                  —              —       (56,798)           (5.3)     (56,798)           (3.6)
  Tax losses recognized/utilized from previous
     periods                                                 —              —     (181,988)          (17.1)    (181,988)          (11.8)
  Tax losses and deductible temporary
     differences not recognized                         3,368             0.7      152,223            14.3      155,591           10.0
  Withholding tax in the PRC                            6,564             1.3            —               —        6,564            0.4


  Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate             15,019             3.0      112,935            10.6      127,954             8.2


  2024

                                                        Hong Kong                  Mainland China                    Total
                                                     RMB’000               %      RMB’000         %            RMB’000               %


  Profit before tax                                    73,445                      865,954                      939,399


  Tax at the statutory tax rate                        12,118            16.5      216,295            25.0      228,413            24.3
  Effect of preferential tax treatment enacted
     by local authority                                      —              —       (42,360)          (4.9)      (42,360)          (4.5)
  Adjustments in respect of current tax of
     previous periods                                       (5)             —             —              —             (5)           —
  Non-deductible expenses and non-taxable
     income, net                                      (22,528)          (30.7)       23,068            2.7           540            0.1
  Research and development super deduction                  —               —       (48,780)          (5.6)      (48,780)          (5.2)
  Tax losses recognized/utilized from previous
     periods                                                 —              —     (120,847)          (14.0)     (120,847)         (12.9)
  Tax losses and deductible temporary
     differences not recognized                         6,169             8.4       17,401             2.0        23,570            2.5
  Withholding tax in the PRC                           15,732            21.4            —               —        15,732            1.7


  Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate             11,486            15.6       44,777             5.2        56,263            6.0




                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report     163
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

10. EARNINGS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
    HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
      The calculation of the basic earnings per share amounts is based on the profit for the year
      attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent of RMB1,432,427,000 (2024:
      RMB883,477,000), and the weighted average number of ordinary shares of 16,070,669,722
      outstanding during the year (2024: 14,044,082,144).

      The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amounts is based on the profit for the year
      attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent. The weighted average number of ordinary
      shares used in the calculation is the number of ordinary shares outstanding during the year, as
      used in the basic earnings per share calculation, and the weighted average number of ordinary
      shares assumed to have been issued at no consideration on the deemed exercise of all dilutive
      potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares.

      The calculations of basic and diluted earnings per share are based on:

                                                                                                   2025            2024
                                                                                                RMB’000         RMB’000

      Earnings
      Profit attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent,
        used in the basic earnings per share calculation                                       1,432,427         883,477


                                                                                                Number of shares
                                                                                                  2025              2024


      Shares
      Weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding
        during the year used in the basic earnings per share
        calculation                                                                      16,070,669,722    14,044,082,144

      Effect of dilution — weighted average number of ordinary
        shares:
        Share options                                                                            1,696           327,131
        Restricted share units                                                              65,132,486        46,283,396


      Total                                                                              16,135,803,904    14,090,692,671




164     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            March 31, 2025

11. DIVIDENDS
  The board does not recommend the payment of dividend for the year ended March 31, 2025
  (2024: Nil).


12. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT
                                                                Computer
                                                              equipment,
                                        Leasehold           furniture and                   Motor
                                     improvements                 fixtures                vehicles                 Total
                                          RMB’000                RMB’000                 RMB’000                RMB’000

  March 31, 2025

  At April 1, 2024:
    Cost                                      24,882                 81,602                     307              106,791
    Accumulated depreciation                 (19,233)               (51,675)                   (307)             (71,215)


    Net carrying amount                         5,649                29,927                        —               35,576


  At April 1, 2024, net of
    accumulated depreciation                   5,649                 29,927                        —               35,576
  Additions                                    1,103                 19,634                        —               20,737
  Disposals                                   (1,031)                (4,294)                       —               (5,325)
  Depreciation provided during the
    year (note 6)                                (768)              (14,527)                       —              (15,295)


  At March 31, 2025, net of
    accumulated depreciation                    4,953                30,740                        —               35,693


  At March 31, 2025:
    Cost                                      23,727                 86,218                     208              110,153
    Accumulated depreciation                 (18,774)               (55,478)                   (208)             (74,460)


    Net carrying amount                         4,953                30,740                        —               35,693




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   165
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

12. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)
                                                                                     Computer
                                                                                   equipment,
                                                            Leasehold            furniture and         Motor
                                                         improvements                   fixtures     vehicles      Total
                                                              RMB’000                 RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000

      March 31, 2024

      At April 1, 2023:
        Cost                                                       25,094                 71,140         307      96,541
        Accumulated depreciation                                  (18,409)               (63,590)       (307)    (82,306)


        Net carrying amount                                          6,685                7,550            —     14,235


      At April 1, 2023, net of
        accumulated depreciation                                     6,685                7,550            —     14,235
      Additions                                                        216               28,276            —     28,492
      Disposals                                                       (133)                 (89)           —       (222)
      Depreciation provided during the
        year (note 6)                                               (1,119)               (5,810)          —      (6,929)


      At March 31, 2024, net of
        accumulated depreciation                                     5,649               29,927            —     35,576


      At March 31, 2024:
        Cost                                                       24,882                 81,602         307    106,791
        Accumulated depreciation                                  (19,233)               (51,675)       (307)   (71,215)


        Net carrying amount                                          5,649               29,927            —     35,576




166     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2025

13. LEASES
  The Group as a lessee

  The Group has lease contracts for various buildings for retail outlets, offices, staff dormitories
  and warehouses used in its operations, and the lease terms ranged from one year to nine
  years.

  (a) Right-of-use assets

      The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets, i.e., buildings, and the movements
      during the year are as follows:

                                                                                          2025                     2024
                                                                                       RMB’000                  RMB’000

      Carrying amount at April 1                                                          68,091                   54,313
      Additions                                                                           13,476                   51,308
      Revision of lease terms arising from changes in the non-
        cancellable periods of leases                                                    (22,069)                  (7,734)
      Depreciation charge                                                                (25,471)                 (29,796)


      Carrying amount at March 31                                                         34,027                   68,091




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   167
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

13. LEASES (CONTINUED)
      The Group as a lessee (Continued)

      (b) Lease liabilities

          The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                            2025        2024
                                                                                         RMB’000     RMB’000

          Carrying amount at April 1                                                       82,170      77,798
          New leases                                                                       13,476      51,308
          Accretion of interest recognized during the year                                  2,609       5,969
          Payments                                                                        (40,703)    (45,903)
          Revision of lease terms arising from changes in the
            non-cancellable periods of leases                                             (22,037)     (7,002)


          Carrying amount at March 31                                                     35,515      82,170


          Analyzed into:
            Current portion
              Repayable within one year                                                   10,579      34,194


             Non-current portion
              Repayable in the second year                                                12,086      20,828
              Repayable in the third to fifth years, inclusive                            12,850      26,810
              Repayable beyond five years                                                      —         338


             Total non-current portion                                                    24,936      47,976


          Total lease liabilities                                                         35,515      82,170


          The maturity analysis of lease liabilities based on the contractual undiscounted payments is
          disclosed in note 36 to the financial statements.




168     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2025

13. LEASES (CONTINUED)
  The Group as a lessee (Continued)

  (c) The amounts charged/(credited) to profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

                                                                                          2025                     2024
                                                                                       RMB’000                  RMB’000

      Interest on lease liabilities                                                        2,609                    5,969
      Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                          25,471                   29,796
      Loss on revision of lease terms arising from changes
        in the non-cancellable periods of leases                                               32                         732
      Expense relating to short-term leases                                                 2,131                       1,652


      Total amount recognized in profit or loss                                           30,243                   38,149


  (d) The total cash outflow for leases is disclosed in note 32(c) to the financial statements.

  The Group as a lessor

  The Group subleases certain of its buildings under finance lease arrangements. The terms of the
  subleases generally require the tenants to pay security deposits and provide for periodic rent
  adjustments.

  The undiscounted lease payments receivable by the Group in future periods under leases with its
  tenants and their present value as included in other receivables at the end of the reporting
  periods are as follows:

                                                                                          2025                     2024
                                                                                       RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Undiscounted lease payments receivable within one year                                          —                10,822
  Future unearned finance income                                                                  —                  (195)


  Total finance lease receivables                                                                 —                10,627




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report      169
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

14. GOODWILL
                                                                                              2025      2024
                                                                                           RMB’000   RMB’000

      Cost and net carrying amount at April 1 and March 31                                 810,853   810,853


      There was no accumulated impairment of goodwill at March 31, 2025 (2024: Nil).

      Impairment testing of goodwill

      Goodwill acquired through business combinations is allocated to the following CGUs for
      impairment testing:

      •     B2C and related business;

      •     B2B business; and

      •     Healthcare and digital services business.

      The carrying amount of goodwill allocated to each of the CGUs is as follows:

                                                                                              2025      2024
                                                                                           RMB’000   RMB’000

      B2C and related business CGU                                                          51,019    51,019
      B2B business CGU                                                                       5,516     5,516
      Healthcare and digital services related business CGU                                 754,318   754,318


      Carrying amount of goodwill at March 31                                              810,853   810,853


      B2C and related business CGU

      The recoverable amount of this CGU has been determined based on a value in use calculation
      using cash flow projections based on financial budgets covering a five-year period approved by
      senior management. The discount rate applied to the cash flow projections is 11% (2024: 15%).
      The growth rate used to extrapolate the cash flows beyond the five-year period is 2% (2024:
      3%), which approximates the long-term average consumer price index growth rate of Mainland
      China.




170       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            March 31, 2025

14. GOODWILL (CONTINUED)
  Impairment testing of goodwill (Continued)

  B2B business CGU

  The recoverable amount of this CGU was determined based on a value in use calculation using
  cash flow projections based on financial budgets covering a five-year period approved by senior
  management. The discount rate applied to the cash flow projections is 10% (2024: 20%). The
  growth rate used to extrapolate the cash flows beyond the five-year period is 2% (2024: 3%),
  which approximates the long-term average consumer price index growth rate of Mainland
  China.

  Healthcare and digital services related business CGU

  The recoverable amount of this CGU was determined based on a value in use calculation using
  cash flow projections based on financial budgets covering a seven-year period (2024: eight-year
  period) approved by senior management, because a longer forecast period is required for the
  relevant business currently at early stage to become stabilized. The discount rate applied to the
  cash flow projections is 14% (2024: 15%). The growth rate used to extrapolate the cash flows
  beyond the seven-year period is 2% (2024: beyond the eight-year period is 3%), which
  approximates the long-term average consumer price index growth rate of Mainland China.

  Assumptions were used in the value in use calculation of the B2C and related business CGU, B2B
  business CGU and healthcare and digital services related business CGU. The following describes
  each key assumption on which management has based its cash flow projections to undertake
  impairment testing of goodwill:

  Expected revenue growth rates — The expected revenue growth rates are following the business
  plan approved by the Group management. Management leveraged their experiences in the
  industries and provided forecast based on past performance and their anticipation of future
  business and market developments.

  Budgeted gross margins — The basis used to determine the value assigned to the budgeted
  gross margins is the average gross margins achieved in the year immediately before the budget
  year, increased for expected efficiency improvements, and expected market development.

  Discount rates — The discount rates used are after tax and reflect specific risks relating to the
  relevant units.

  Growth rates — The growth rates used to extrapolate the cash flows at the perpetual growth
  stage are based on the estimated growth rate of each unit taking into account the long-term
  average consumer price index growth rate of Mainland China.




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   171
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

15. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS
                                                                                  Patents and
                                                                                      licences     Brand name       Total
                                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000    RMB’000

      March 31, 2025

      Cost at April 1, 2024, net of accumulated
        amortization                                                                       340         291,729    292,069
      Additions                                                                             10               —         10
      Disposals                                                                            (22)              —        (22)
      Amortization provided during the year (note 6)                                       (89)        (16,750)   (16,839)
      Exchange realignment                                                                   2               —          2

      At March 31, 2025                                                                    241         274,979    275,220


      At March 31, 2025:
        Cost                                                                              6,833        335,000    341,833
        Accumulated amortization                                                         (6,592)       (60,021)   (66,613)

        Net carrying amount                                                                241         274,979    275,220


      March 31, 2024

      At April 1, 2023:
        Cost                                                                              6,918        335,000    341,918
        Accumulated amortization                                                         (6,387)       (26,521)   (32,908)

        Net carrying amount                                                                531         308,479    309,010


      Cost at April 1, 2023, net of accumulated
        amortization                                                                        531        308,479    309,010
      Additions                                                                               6              —          6
      Amortization provided during the year (note 6)                                       (207)       (16,750)   (16,957)
      Exchange realignment                                                                   10              —         10

      At March 31, 2024                                                                    340         291,729    292,069


      At March 31, 2024 and at April 1, 2024:
        Cost                                                                              6,868        335,000    341,868
        Accumulated amortization                                                         (6,528)       (43,271)   (49,799)

        Net carrying amount                                                                340         291,729    292,069




172     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                               March 31, 2025

16. INVESTMENT IN A JOINT VENTURE
                                                                                                            2025                     2024
                                                                                                         RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Share of net assets                                                                                      208,966                  250,480


  Particulars of the Group’s joint venture at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                                     Place of            Percentage of ownership
                                             Particulars of          registration and      interest attributable
      Name                                   capital held            business                  to the Group^     Principal activities
                                                                                               2025            2024


      江蘇紫金弘雲健康產業投資合夥企業                       Capital contribution of PRC/Mainland             13.72           13.72   Investment management
       （有限合夥）(Jiangsu Zijin Hongyun            RMB1 each               China
       Health Industry Investment
       Partnership (Limited Partnership)@)
       (“Jiangsu Zijin”)


  @
           For identification purposes only

  ^
           The percentage of ownership interest attributable to the Group is same as the percentage of voting power and profit
           sharing attributable to the Group.


  Jiangsu Zijin has a financial year ending December 31, and the financial statements for March
  31 of Jiangsu Zijin may not be available in a timely manner for the Group to apply the equity
  method of accounting; therefore the Group elects to record its shares of the profits or losses,
  other comprehensive income and other changes recognized directly in equity, where applicable,
  of Jiangsu Zijin on a quarter lag basis, adjusted for any financial effects arising from any
  significant transactions or events of Jiangsu Zijin that occurred between January 1, 2025
  and March 31, 2025 (2024: January 1, 2024 and March 31, 2024).

  The above joint venture is indirectly held by the Company.

  The following table illustrates the financial information of the Group’s joint venture that is not
  individually material:

                                                                                                            2025                     2024
                                                                                                         RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Share of the joint venture’s profit/(loss) and total
    comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                                                               (19,136)                       1,039
  Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investment in the
    joint venture                                                                                          208,966                  250,480




                                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report      173
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

17. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES
                                                                                            2025         2024
                                                                                         RMB’000      RMB’000

      Share of net assets                                                                  814,973      994,390
      Goodwill on acquisition                                                            1,116,061    1,291,546


      Subtotal                                                                           1,931,034    2,285,936
      Impairment                                                                          (410,020)           —


      Total                                                                              1,521,014    2,285,936




174     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                            March 31, 2025

17. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
  Particulars of the Group’s associates at the end of the reporting periods are as follows:

                                                               Place of            Percentage of ownership
                                          Particulars of       registration and      interest attributable
  Name                                    capital held         business                  to the Group      Principal activities
                                                                                         2025           2024


  東方口岸科技有限公司 (Dongfang                    Registered capital   PRC/Mainland                30              30   Operation of platforms for
   Customs Technology Company               of RMB1 each         China                                            electronic customs
   Limited)@ (“Dongfang Customs”)                                                                                 processing


  萬里雲醫療信息科技（北京）有限公司                       Registered capital   PRC/Mainland             23.28           23.28   Construction of medical
     (Wanliyun Medical Information           of RMB1 each         China                                            platforms and provision of
     Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.)#@                                                                             related services
     (“Wanliyun”)


  深圳市巨鼎醫療股份有限公司                          Ordinary shares of    PRC/Mainland                9.5            9.5   Provision of medical self-
   (Shenzhen Juding Medical Co.,Ltd.)#^@    RMB1 each            China                                             service equipment and
   (“Shenzhen Juding”)                                                                                             smart healthcare solutions


  嘉和美康（北京）科技股份有限公司                        Ordinary shares of   PRC/Mainland               7.17           8.41   Provision of clinical
   (Jiahe Meikang (Beijing) Technology       RMB1 each           China                                             information software
   Co., Ltd.)#^@ (“Jiahe Meikang”)                                                                                 products, infant medical
                                                                                                                   equipment and mobile
                                                                                                                   internet digitalised medical
                                                                                                                   information software
                                                                                                                   systems


  江蘇曼荼羅軟件股份有限公司                           Ordinary shares of   PRC/Mainland            10.183          10.183   Provision of software
   (Jiangsu Mandalat Software                RMB1 each           China                                             development
   Company Limited)#^@ (“Mandalat”)


  安徽華人健康醫藥股份有限公司                          Ordinary shares of   PRC/Mainland               5.00           7.51   Pharmaceutical retail chain
   (Anhui Huaren Health                      RMB1 each           China                                            business
   Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd.)#^@
   (“Anhui Huaren”)


  漱玉平民大藥房連鎖股份有限公司                         Ordinary shares of   PRC/Mainland               6.67           8.41   Pharmaceutical retail chain
   (Shuyu Civilian Pharmacy                  RMB1 each           China                                            business
   Corp., Ltd.)#^@ (“Shuyu Civilian”)


  德生堂醫藥股份有限公司                             Ordinary shares of   PRC/Mainland                  5              5 Pharmaceutical retail chain
   (Deshengtang Pharmaceutical               RMB1 each           China                                          business
   Co., Ltd)#^@ (“Deshengtang”)


  來未來科技（浙江）有限公司                           Ordinary shares of   PRC/Mainland             23.88           24.17   Construction of intelligent
   (Laiweilai Technology (Zhejiang)          RMB1 each           China                                            medical platform business
   Co., Ltd)#@ (“Laiweilai”)




                                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report      175
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

17. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)
      @
            For identification purposes only

      ^
            The Group’s investments in these companies are accounted for as associates of the Group because the Group is in
            a position to exercise significant influence. The Group has at least one director at each board of directors and/or
            has relevant rights regarding certain significant financial and operating decisions in board meetings of these
            associates.

      #
            These companies have a financial year ending December 31, and the financial statements for March 31 of these
            companies may not be available in a timely manner for the Group to apply the equity method of accounting;
            therefore the Group elects to record their shares of the profits or losses, other comprehensive income and other
            changes recognized directly in equity, where applicable, of these companies on a quarter lag basis, adjusted for
            any financial effects arising from any significant transactions or events of these companies that occurred between
            January 1, 2025 and March 31, 2025 (2024: January 1, 2024 and March 31, 2024).


      The above associates are indirectly held by the Company.

      The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s associates that
      are not individually material:

                                                                                                2025                 2024
                                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000

      Share of the associates’ loss for the year                                               45,527                 6,965
      Share of the associates’ other comprehensive loss for the year                              283                   406
      Share of the associates’ total comprehensive loss for the year                           45,810                 7,371
      Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in the
        associates                                                                         1,521,014             2,285,936


      Impairment of investments in associates

      The carrying amount of one of the Group’s listed investments in Mainland China was impaired
      by RMB383,290,000 during the year ended March 31, 2025. Its recoverable amount, i.e., fair
      value less cost of disposal, of RMB303,379,000 at March 31, 2025 was primarily determined
      based on its share price at March 31, 2025, which was categorized within Level 1 of the fair
      value measurement hierarchy. The impairment was attributable to the prolonged decline in its
      share price and the unfavourable actual financial performance and declined revenue growth.

      The carrying amount of one of the Group’s unlisted investments in Mainland China was impaired
      by RMB26,730,000 during the year ended March 31, 2025. Its recoverable amount, i.e., fair value
      less cost of disposal, of RMB47,193,000 at March 31, 2025 was estimated using a market-based
      valuation technique primarily based on the median price-to-sale multiple of comparable
      companies of 13 and the discount for lack of marketability of 30%. Such fair value was
      categorized within Level 3 of the fair value measurement hierarchy. The impairment was
      attributable to the unfavourable actual financial performance and declined revenue growth.




176       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2025

18. INVENTORIES
                                                                                          2025                     2024
                                                                                       RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Trading goods                                                                       1,415,220                1,399,738


19. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES
                                                                                          2025                     2024
                                                                                       RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Trade receivables                                                                   1,083,331                   815,780
  Impairment                                                                            (36,255)                  (33,687)


  Net carrying amount                                                                 1,047,076                   782,093
  Bills receivable                                                                        5,447                     3,043


  Total trade and bills receivables                                                   1,052,523                   785,136


  The Group’s trading terms with some of its customers are on credit. The Group provides a credit
  period of 30 to 90 days. Trade receivables are settled in accordance with the terms of the
  respective contracts. The Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables.
  Overdue balances are reviewed regularly by senior management. In view of the aforementioned
  and the fact that the Group’s trade receivables relate to a large number of diversified
  customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk. The Group does not hold any
  collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade receivable balances. Trade receivables are
  non-interest-bearing.

  Included in the Group’s trade receivables are amounts due from subsidiaries of Alibaba Group
  (excluding the Group) of approximately RMB502,821,000 (2024: RMB323,776,000) and the Group’s
  associates of approximately RMB194,000 (2024: RMB189,000), which are repayable on credit
  terms mutually agreed by the parties involved.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   177
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

19. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)
      An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the
      date of products delivered to B2C customers or received by B2B customers, or services rendered
      to customers and net of impairment, is as follows:

                                                                                            2025        2024
                                                                                         RMB’000     RMB’000

      Within 3 months                                                                     936,079    694,782
      4th to 12th month                                                                    96,636     81,010
      Over 1 year                                                                          14,361      6,301


      Total                                                                              1,047,076   782,093


      At March 31, 2025, the Group’s bills receivable would be mature within 6 months (2024: 3
      months).

      The movements in the loss allowance for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                            2025        2024
                                                                                         RMB’000     RMB’000

      At April 1                                                                           33,687     28,544
      Impairment (note 6)                                                                   6,207      5,143
      Amount written off as uncollectible                                                  (3,639)         —


      At March 31                                                                          36,255     33,687


      The increase in the loss allowance as at March 31, 2025 was mainly due to the increase in the
      loss allowance of RMB3,125,000 as a result of the increase in gross amount of trade receivables
      aged less than two years. The increase in the loss allowance as at March 31, 2024 was mainly
      due to the increase in the loss allowance of RMB1,572,000 and RMB3,528,000 as a result of the
      increase in gross amount of trade receivables aged less than one year and over two years,
      respectively.

      An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure
      expected credit losses. The provision rates are based on ageing for groupings of various
      customer segments with similar loss patterns. The calculation reflects the reasonable and
      supportable information that is available at the reporting date about past events, current
      conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.




178     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            March 31, 2025

19. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)
  Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables
  using a provision matrix:

  As at March 31, 2025

                                                                        Ageing
                                               Within              13th to        Over
                                           12 months           24th month      2 years                                 Total


  Expected credit loss rate                      0.44%                  7.91%             100.00%                3.35%
  Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)            1,037,270                 15,594              30,467            1,083,331
  Expected credit losses (RMB’000)               4,555                  1,233              30,467               36,255


  As at March 31, 2024

                                                                         Ageing
                                                Within              13th to                    Over
                                            12 months           24th month                  2 years                    Total


  Expected credit loss rate                       0.27%                 7.83%             100.00%                  4.13%
  Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)               777,920                 6,836              31,024                815,780
  Expected credit losses (RMB’000)                2,128                   535              31,024                 33,687


  Bills receivable are subject to impairment using the low credit risk simplification under the
  general approach. At each reporting date, the Group evaluates whether the bills receivable are
  considered to have low credit risk using all reasonable and supportable information that is
  available without undue cost or effort. In making that evaluation, the Group reassesses the
  credit ratings of the debt investments. The Group did not recognize any impairment loss on bills
  receivable as at March 31, 2025 (2024: Nil).




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report      179
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

20. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS
                                                                                            2025         2024
                                                                                         RMB’000      RMB’000

      Current:
        Prepayments                                                                        368,439      364,714
        Other receivables and other assets                                               1,038,798    1,132,580


                                                                                         1,407,237    1,497,294
      Impairment                                                                           (17,934)      (6,760)


      Total                                                                              1,389,303    1,490,534


      Non-current:
       Other receivables and other assets                                                  93,480       31,568


      Total                                                                              1,482,783    1,522,102


      Included in the Group’s other receivables are dividend receivable from a joint venture
      amounting to RMB9,689,000 (2024: Nil).

      The movements in provision for impairment of other receivables during the year are as follows:

                                                                                            2025         2024
                                                                                         RMB’000      RMB’000

      At April 1                                                                            6,760         6,760
      Impairment (note 6)                                                                  11,174             —


      At March 31                                                                          17,934         6,760


      The individually impaired other receivables of RMB17,934,000 (2024: RMB6,760,000) relate to
      debtors that were in default and the outstanding receivables are not expected to be recovered.

      Other than the impaired other receivables, the financial assets included in the above balances
      relate to receivables for which there was no recent history of default and past due amounts. As
      at March 31, 2025, their loss allowance is assessed to be minimal (2024: minimal).




180     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            March 31, 2025

21. CASH AND BANK DEPOSITS, TIME DEPOSITS AND RESTRICTED
    CASH
                                                                                         2025                     2024
                                                                                      RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Cash and bank balances                                                             2,310,249                3,168,575
  Time deposits                                                                      9,981,629                7,356,941


  Subtotal                                                                         12,291,878               10,525,516
  Less:
    Restricted cash                                                                  (303,243)                 (278,406)
    Long-term time deposits                                                        (4,152,413)                 (694,000)
    Short-term time deposits                                                       (5,617,926)               (6,062,941)


  Cash and bank deposits                                                             2,218,296                3,490,169


  At the end of the reporting period, the cash and bank balances and time deposits of the Group
  denominated in RMB placed in banks in Mainland China amounted to approximately
  RMB4,891,137,000 (2024: RMB4,452,802,000). The RMB is not freely convertible into other
  currencies, however, under Mainland China’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and
  Administration of Settlement and Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the Group
  is permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorized to conduct foreign
  exchange business.

  Cash at banks (including Alipay) earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit
  rates. Time deposits are categorized into (i) highly liquid time deposits of which the original
  maturity dates are within three months when acquired, (ii) short-term time deposits of which the
  original maturity dates are between four and twelve months when acquired, or the maturity
  dates are over one year when acquired but will become mature within twelve months from the
  end of the reporting period, and (iii) long-term time deposits of which the maturity dates are
  over one year when acquired. Time deposits earn interest at the respective time deposit rates
  when originally acquired. The bank balances are deposited with creditworthy banks with no
  recent history of default. As at March 31, 2025, the cash (including restricted cash) at Alipay
  amounted to RMB323,389,000 (2024: RMB129,231,000). Restricted cash mainly related to receipt
  in advance placed with escrow accounts and cash deposited in trust accounts for share
  repurchase purpose.




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   181
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

22.EQUITY INVESTMENTS DESIGNATED AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH
   OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                            2025        2024
                                                                                         RMB’000     RMB’000

      Listed equity investments, at fair value:
        Hangzhou Jiuyuan Gene Engineering Co., Ltd.                                         9,404           —


      Unlisted equity investment, at fair value:
        IK Healthcare Holdings Limited                                                     88,184     101,659


      Total                                                                                97,588     101,659


      The above equity investments were irrevocably designated at FVOCI as the Group considers
      these investments to be strategic in nature.


23. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                                            2025        2024
                                                                                         RMB’000     RMB’000

      Non-current:
       Unlisted equity investments, at fair value                                        1,622,162   1,567,998


      Current:
        Other unlisted investments, at fair value                                         263,621           —


      Total                                                                              1,885,783   1,567,998


      The unlisted equity investments were classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or
      loss as the Group has not elected to recognize the fair value gain or loss through other
      comprehensive income.

      The other unlisted investments were structured deposits issued by banks in Mainland China. They
      were mandatorily classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss as their
      contractual cash flows are not solely payments of principal and interest.




182     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           March 31, 2025

24. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES
  An ageing analysis of the trade and bills payables as at the end of the reporting period, based
  on the date of products and services received by the Group or the date of bill issuance, is as
  follows:

                                                                                        2025                     2024
                                                                                     RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Within 3 months                                                                   2,671,256                2,779,151
  4th to 12th month                                                                   147,870                  489,845
  Over 1 year                                                                          33,255                   81,570


  Total                                                                             2,852,381                3,350,566


  The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on terms of 30 to 90
  days.

  Included in the Group’s trade payables are amounts due to subsidiaries of Alibaba Group
  (excluding the Group) of approximately RMB495,487,000 (2024: RMB907,537,000), which are
  repayable on credit terms mutually agreed by the parties involved.


25. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS
                                                                                        2025                     2024
                                                                                     RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Other payables                                                                       832,827                  904,429
  Accruals                                                                             215,076                   92,714


  Total                                                                             1,047,903                   997,143


  Other payables are non-interest-bearing and have an average term of three months.

  Included in the Group’s other payables are management fee received in advance from a joint
  venture of RMB334,000 (2024: RMB1,288,000).




                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   183
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

26. CONTRACT LIABILITIES
      Details of contract liabilities are as follows:

                                                                                                 2025                        2024                          2023
                                                                                              RMB’000                     RMB’000                       RMB’000

      Pharmaceutical direct sales business                                                      476,275                    250,609                      204,065
      Healthcare and digital services business                                                  218,820                    304,074                      291,001


      Total                                                                                     695,095                    554,683                      495,066


      The increase in contract liabilities as at March 31, 2025 was mainly due to the increasing scale
      of pharmaceutical direct sales business. The increase in contract liabilities as at March 31, 2024
      was mainly due to the increasing scale of pharmaceutical direct sales business and healthcare
      and digital services business.


27. DEFERRED TAX
      The movements in gross deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year are as follows:

      March 31, 2025

                                                              Fair value adjustments
                                                                   attributable to
                                                                                                  Equity
                                                                                             accounting
                                                                                                     and
                                                     Loss                                  deemed cost
                                            available for                                  adjustments
                                               offsetting                                              of
                                                 against     Investments                    investments
                                                   future   at fair value                      in a joint
                                                 taxable         through Acquisition of    venture and          Lease     Right-of-use    Investments
                                                  profits   profit or loss subsidiaries       associates    liabilities         assets   in subleases         Total
                                                RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000     RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000


      Gross deferred tax assets/
         (liabilities) at April 1, 2024          190,928          (6,661)       (72,933)       (171,625)      20,525          (17,006)        (2,657)       (59,429)
      Deferred tax credited/(charged) to:
         the statement of profit or loss
             (note 9)                           (120,299)         (5,801)        4,187          132,979      (11,657)           8,509          2,657        10,575
         the statement of comprehensive
             income                                    —              —                —              71             —              —              —            71
         the statement of changes
             in equity                                 —              —                —           1,455             —              —              —          1,455


      Gross deferred tax assets/
         (liabilities) at March 31, 2025          70,629         (12,462)       (68,746)        (37,120)        8,868          (8,497)             —        (47,328)




184       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                                 March 31, 2025

27. DEFERRED TAX (CONTINUED)
  March 31, 2024

                                                           Fair value adjustments
                                                                attributable to
                                                                                                 Equity
                                                                                            accounting
                                                                                                    and
                                                 Loss                                     deemed cost
                                        available for                                      adjustments
                                           offsetting                                                 of
                                             against     Investments                       investments
                                               future   at fair value                         in a joint
                                             taxable         through     Acquisition of    venture and         Lease     Right-of-use     Investments
                                              profits   profit or loss     subsidiaries      associates    liabilities         assets    in subleases          Total
                                            RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000


  Gross deferred tax assets/
     (liabilities) at April 1, 2023          174,663          (14,734)         (77,120)       (171,395)      19,422          (13,551)          (6,005)       (88,720)
  Deferred tax credited/(charged) to:
     the statement of profit or loss
         (note 9)                             16,265            8,267            4,187           (1,335)       1,103           (3,455)         3,348         28,380
     the statement of comprehensive
         income                                    —                —                —              101             —              —               —            101
     the statement of changes
         in equity                                 —                —                —            1,004             —              —               —           1,004
  Exchange realignment                             —             (194)               —                —             —              —               —            (194)


  Gross deferred tax assets/
     (liabilities) at March 31, 2024         190,928           (6,661)         (72,933)       (171,625)      20,525          (17,006)          (2,657)       (59,429)


  For presentation purposes, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset in the
  statement of financial position. The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balances of the
  Group for financial reporting purposes:

                                                                                                                            2025                           2024
                                                                                                                         RMB’000                        RMB’000

  Net deferred tax assets recognized in the consolidated
   statement of financial position                                                                                         50,821                        54,870
  Net deferred tax liabilities recognized in the consolidated
   statement of financial position                                                                                        (98,149)                      (114,299)


  Net deferred tax liabilities                                                                                            (47,328)                       (59,429)




                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report                  185
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

27. DEFERRED TAX (CONTINUED)
      Deferred tax assets have not been recognized in respect of the following items:

                                                                                            2025        2024
                                                                                         RMB’000     RMB’000

      Tax losses                                                                          692,786    1,081,698
      Deductible temporary differences                                                    709,167      383,576


      Total                                                                              1,401,953   1,465,274


      The Group has unrecognized tax losses arising in Hong Kong of approximately RMB80,266,000
      (2024: RMB75,563,000), subject to agreement by the Hong Kong Inland Revenue Department,
      that are available indefinitely for offsetting against future taxable profits of the companies in
      which the losses arose. The Group also has unrecognized tax losses arising in Mainland China of
      RMB612,520,000 (2024: RMB1,006,135,000) that will expire in one to ten years for offsetting
      against future taxable profits.

      Deferred tax assets have not been recognized in respect of these losses and other deductible
      temporary differences as they have arisen in subsidiaries that either have been loss-making for
      some time or turned a profit in recent years, and it is not considered probable that taxable
      profits will be available against which the tax losses can be utilized.

      The Group is liable to withholding taxes on dividends distributed by its subsidiaries, joint venture
      and associates established in Mainland China in respect of earnings generated from January 1,
      2008. The applicable rate is 10% for the Group.

      At March 31, 2025, no deferred tax has been recognized for withholding taxes that would be
      payable on the unremitted earnings that are subject to withholding taxes of the Group’s
      subsidiaries, a joint venture and associates established in Mainland China. In the opinion of the
      directors, it is not probable that these subsidiaries will distribute such earnings in the
      foreseeable future. The aggregate amount of temporary differences associated with investments
      in subsidiaries in Mainland China for which deferred tax liabilities have not been recognized
      totalled approximately RMB2,244,006,000 at March 31, 2025 (2024: RMB1,435,189,000). At March
      31, 2025, there were unremitted earnings shared by the Group of approximately
      RMB186,492,000 (2024: RMB234,378,000) from the Group’s joint venture and associates
      established in Mainland China in respect of earnings generated from January 1, 2008.

      There are no income tax consequences attaching to the payment of dividends by the Company
      to its shareholders.




186     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                        March 31, 2025

28. SHARE CAPITAL
  Shares

                                                                                                       2025                    2024
                                                                                                    HK$’000                 HK$’000

  Authorized:
    20,000,000,000 (2024: 20,000,000,000) ordinary shares of
      HK$0.01 each                                                                                  200,000                  200,000


                                                                                                       2025                   2024
                                                                                                    RMB’000                RMB’000

  Issued and fully-paid:
     16,092,851,240 (2024: 16,091,736,264) ordinary shares of
       HK$0.01 each                                                                                 142,790                  142,780


  A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:

                                              Number of                Share               Share           Treasury
                                          shares in issue             capital          premium                shares                  Total
                                                                    RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000                RMB’000


  At April 1, 2023                        13,521,362,542             119,133         43,734,076              (70,482)        43,782,727
  Repurchase of shares (note a)                         —                   —                   —           (104,568)              (104,568)
  Vested awarded shares transferred
    to employees (note b)                               —                   —            130,440              73,210               203,650
  Share options exercised (note c)               235,500                    2              1,256                    —                 1,258
  Issue of shares for acquisition under
    common control (note d)                2,558,222,222              23,539           7,508,952                    —          7,532,491
  Issue of shares for restricted share
    units (note e)                            11,916,000                 106                    —               (106)                    —


  At March 31 and April 1, 2024           16,091,736,264            142,780          51,374,724            (101,946)        51,415,558
  Repurchase of shares (note a)                         —                   —                   —            (39,931)              (39,931)
  Vested awarded shares transferred
    to employees (note b)                               —                   —           134,885               89,277               224,162
  Share options exercised (note c)             1,114,976                   10              6,783                    —                6,793


  At March 31, 2025                       16,092,851,240            142,790          51,516,392              (52,600)       51,606,582




                                                  ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report        187
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

28. SHARE CAPITAL (CONTINUED)
      Shares (Continued)

      Notes:

      a.     During the year ended March 31, 2025, 12,697,000 (2024: 33,018,000) shares of HK$0.01 each were repurchased for
             RSUs to be vested for non-connected persons and connected persons at a total cash consideration of
             RMB39,931,000 (2024: RMB104,568,000).


      b.     Upon vesting of RSUs for the year ended March 31, 2025, 29,477,000 (2024: 29,897,000) treasury shares were
             transferred to non-connected persons and 1,237,000 (2024: 1,056,000) treasury shares were transferred to
             connected persons, respectively.


      c.     The subscription rights attaching to 1,114,976 (2024: 235,500) share options were exercised at the subscription price
             of HK$4.41 (2024: HK$4.02) per share (note 29), resulting in the issue of 1,114,976 (2024: 235,500) shares for a
             total cash consideration, before expenses, of RMB4,587,000 (2024: RMB878,000). An amount of RMB2,206,000
             (2024: RMB380,000) was transferred from the share option reserve to share premium upon the exercise of the
             share options.


      d.     On January 17, 2024, 2,558,222,222 shares of HK$0.01 each were issued to a related company for an acquisition of
             subsidiaries, details of which are disclosed in the note 31 to the financial statements.


      e.     During the year ended March 31, 2024, 11,916,000 shares of HK$0.01 each were issued for RSUs to be vested for
             non-connected persons.


      Share options

      Details of the Company’s share option scheme and the share options issued under the scheme
      are included in note 29 to the financial statements.


29. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS
      Share award scheme

      The Company adopted 2014 Share Award Scheme on November 24, 2014 for the purpose of
      providing incentives and rewards to eligible participants for their contributions to the Group. The
      2014 Share Award Scheme was amended on August 11, 2023, and later terminated on August
      30, 2024. Upon the termination of the 2014 Share Award Scheme, no further share awards may
      be offered or granted but in all other respects the terms of the 2014 Share Award Scheme shall
      remain in full force and effect. Further, the outstanding options and RSUs granted pursuant to
      the 2014 Share Award Scheme, which remain unvested or which have vested but not yet been
      exercised or in respect of which shares not yet issued to the participants at the time of its
      termination, shall remain in full force and effect.




188        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2025

29. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS (CONTINUED)
  Share award scheme (Continued)

  The Company adopted 2024 Share Award Scheme on August 30, 2024 (the “2024 Adoption
  Date”). Eligible participants of the 2024 Share Award Scheme include the directors and
  employees of the Group, directors and employees of the holding companies, fellow subsidiaries
  or associated companies of the Company, and service providers to the Group on a continuing or
  recurring basis in its ordinary and usual course of business. The 2024 Share Award Scheme,
  unless otherwise cancelled or amended, shall remain in force for 10 years from the 2024
  Adoption Date.

  Pursuant to the 2024 Share Award Scheme, the scheme mandate limit shall be (a) 10% of the
  shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) as at the 2024 Adoption Date or (b) 10% of the
  shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) as at the most recent new approval date; and on a
  yearly basis, shall be (a) 1% of the shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) as at the 2024
  Adoption Date or (b) 1% of the shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) as at the most recent
  new approval date. The total number of shares that may be issued (and, together with treasury
  shares that may be transferred, as applicable) in respect of which share awards may be
  granted to service providers within the aforementioned scheme mandate limit pursuant to the
  2024 Share Award Scheme and any other share schemes of the Company are (a) 1% of the
  shares in issue (excluding treasury shares) as at the 2024 adoption date or (b) 1% of the shares
  in issue (excluding treasury shares) as at the most recent new approval date.

  The maximum number of shares issuable to each eligible participant in the 2024 Share Award
  Scheme within any 12-month period is limited to 1% of the shares of the Company in issue
  (excluding treasury shares) at any time. Any further grant of share awards in excess of this limit
  is subject to shareholders’ approval in advance in a general meeting.

  Share awards granted to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company,
  or to any of their associates, are subject to approval in advance by the independent
  non-executive directors. In addition, any share awards granted to a substantial shareholder or
  an independent non-executive director of the Company, or to any of their associates, in excess
  of 0.1% of the shares of the Company in issue (excluding treasury shares) at any time, are
  subject to shareholders’ approval in a general meeting.

  The offer of a grant of share awards may be accepted within the period specified in the notice
  of grant and HK$1 may be required, in the Company’s discretion, as a consideration for the
  grant of share awards. The exercise price of share options is determinable by the directors, but
  may not be less than the higher of (i) the Stock Exchange closing price of the Company’s shares
  on the date of offer of the share options; (ii) the average Stock Exchange closing price of the
  Company’s shares for the five trading days immediately preceding the date of offer; and (iii) the
  nominal value of the Company’s shares.

  The share awards do not confer rights on the holders to dividends or to vote at shareholders’
  meetings.


                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   189
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

29. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS (CONTINUED)
      Share award scheme (Continued)

      Movements in the number of share options and RSUs granted under the Group’s share award
      schemes during the year and their related weighted average fair values are as follows:

                                                                              Weighted
                                                                                average
                                                                          exercise price                         Number of
                                                                               of share            Number of       restricted
                                                                                 options        share options    share units
                                                                          HK$ per share                  ’000            ’000

      Outstanding at April 1, 2023                                                       7.87          18,653         97,909
      Granted during the year                                                            5.02          10,149         58,127
      Forfeited or lapsed during the year                                                5.95          (2,103)       (23,866)
      Exercised or vested during the year                                                4.01            (236)       (30,953)


      Outstanding at March 31 and April 1, 2024                                          8.29         26,463        101,217
      Granted during the year                                                            3.72          3,701         81,433
      Forfeited or lapsed during the year                                                5.38         (7,047)       (26,649)
      Exercised or vested during the year                                                4.41         (1,115)       (30,676)


      Outstanding at March 31, 2025                                                      8.65         22,002        125,325


      The weighted average share price at the date of exercise for share options exercised during the
      year was HK$5.74 per share (2024: HK$4.9).




190     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2025

29. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS (CONTINUED)
  Share award scheme (Continued)

  The exercise prices and exercise periods of the share options outstanding as at the end of the
  reporting period are as follows:

                                                                                      2025                        2024
                                                                                  Number of                   Number of
  Exercise period                                 Exercise price                    options                     options
                                                  HK$ per share                        ’000                        ’000

  7/9/2015          to     6/9/2025                            5.184                        483                            508
  28/4/2016         to     27/4/2026                            5.32                        132                            152
  29/7/2016         to     28/7/2026                           5.558                        815                          1,662
  2/2/2017          to     1/2/2027                            3.626                         72                            593
  3/8/2017          to     2/8/2027                            3.686                        417                            734
  10/10/2017        to     9/10/2027                             4.4                         70                            162
  1/2/2018          to     31/1/2028                           4.144                          —                            347
  15/6/2020         to     14/6/2030                           19.94                      4,272                          4,466
  15/9/2020         to     14/9/2030                           18.86                        119                            119
  15/6/2021         to     14/6/2031                           18.21                      1,495                          1,579
  15/3/2022         to     14/3/2032                            4.24                        563                            750
  15/6/2022         to     14/6/2032                            4.92                      4,663                          6,493
  15/6/2023         to     14/6/2033                            5.16                      5,044                          6,162
  15/9/2023         to     14/9/2033                            4.68                          —                          2,528
  15/12/2023        to     14/12/2033                           4.38                        156                            208
  15/6/2024         to     14/6/2034                            3.72                      3,701                              —


                                                                                        22,002                      26,463


  The number of the share options exercisable at March 31, 2025 was 11,207,000 (2024:
  13,972,000) with the weighted average exercise price of HK$11.99 per share (2024: HK$10.54 per
  share).

  The exercise price of RSUs is nil.

  As at March 31, 2025, the remaining vesting periods for the share options and RSUs granted
  range from 2.5 to 62.5 months (2024: 2.5 to 63.5 months).

  The weighted average remaining contractual life of the share options outstanding as at March
  31, 2025 was 6.78 years (2024: 7.36 years).




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report      191
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

29. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS (CONTINUED)
      Share award scheme (Continued)

      The fair value of the share options granted during the year was RMB6,441,000 (HK$1.87 each)
      (2024: RMB30,977,000 (HK$3.32 each)), of which the Group recognized a share option expense of
      RMB1,764,000 (2024: RMB8,473,000) during the year ended March 31, 2025. During the year
      ended March 31, 2025, the Group also recognized a share option expense of RMB9,947,000
      (2024: RMB7,471,000) in respect of share options granted in prior years.

      The fair value of the RSUs granted during the year was RMB180,677,000 (HK$3.49 each) (2024:
      RMB265,622,000 (HK$5.01 each)), of which the Group recognized a RSU expense of
      RMB81,286,000 (2024: RMB77,101,000) during the year ended March 31, 2025. During the year
      ended March 31, 2025, the Group also recognized a RSU expense of RMB103,569,000 (2024:
      RMB125,076,000) in respect of RSUs granted in prior years.

      The fair value of share options granted during the year was estimated as at the date of grant
      using a binomial model, taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the share
      options were granted. The following table lists the inputs to the model used:

                                                                                         Share options granted in
                                                                                              2025                  2024


      Fair value of the Company’s shares as at the grant date                               HK$3.5     HK$4.38~HK$5.16
      Expected volatility (%)                                                                   63                   83
      Expected dividend (%)                                                                      —                    —
      Exercise multiple                                                                        2.5              2.6~3.0
      Exercise price                                                                       HK$3.72     HK$4.38~HK$5.16
      Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                             3.52                 3.60
      Life of options (year)                                                                    10                   10
      Forfeiture rate (%)                                                                       25                   24


      The expected volatility reflects the assumption that the historical volatility is indicative of future
      trends, which may also not necessarily be the actual outcome. The exercise multiple reflects the
      ratio of the stock price over the exercise price, and the likelihood of early exercise increases
      when the stock price is over a certain multiple of the exercise price. The forfeiture rate reflects
      the probability that the grantees will leave after the vesting period.

      The fair value of the RSUs granted during the year was determined based on the market value
      of the Company’s shares at the respective grant dates.

      The fair value of share options and/or RSUs granted by Alibaba Group to employees transferred
      from other entities of Alibaba Group to the Group were measured with reference to the fair
      value of these share options and/or RSUs at the original grant date. The Group recognized
      share-based compensation expenses of RMB27,969,000 for awards under Alibaba Group’s share
      award scheme for the year ended March 31, 2025 (2024: RMB47,938,000).


192     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            March 31, 2025

29. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS (CONTINUED)
  Share award scheme (Continued)

  Total share-based compensation expenses recorded by the Group under the Group’s share
  award schemes and Alibaba Group’s share award scheme are as follows:

                                                                                         2025                     2024
                                                                                      RMB’000                  RMB’000

  Cost of sales                                                                           9,804                   12,829
  Fulfilment                                                                             29,001                   31,711
  Selling and marketing expenses                                                         18,801                   65,705
  Administrative expenses                                                                76,651                   76,038
  Product development expenses                                                           90,278                   79,776


  Total                                                                                 224,535                  266,059


  At the end of the reporting period, the Company had approximately 22,002,000 share options
  and 125,325,000 RSUs outstanding under the share award schemes, which represented
  approximately 0.92% of the Company’s shares in issue as at that date. The exercise in full of the
  outstanding share options and RSUs, under the present capital structure of the Company, would
  result in the issue of approximately 22,002,000 additional ordinary shares of the Company and
  additional share capital of HK$220,020 (equivalent to approximately RMB204,000) (before issue
  expenses), the purchase of 108,842,000 existing shares from the market and the release of
  16,483,000 shares from treasury shares.

  Subsequent to the end of the reporting period, the subscription rights attaching to
  approximately 718,000 share options were exercised at the subscription prices ranging between
  HK$4.24 and HK$4.92 per share, resulting in the issue of 718,000 shares of the Company for a
  total cash consideration, before expenses, of RMB2,927,000.

  At the date of approval of these financial statements, the Company had approximately
  21,284,000 share options and 125,325,000 RSUs outstanding under the share award schemes,
  which represented approximately 0.91% of the Company’s shares in issue as at that date.




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   193
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

30.RESERVES
      The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years
      are presented in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 111 to page 112 of
      the financial statements.

      Merger reserve

      The merger reserve represents the differences between the fair value of consideration shares
      issued by the Company and the carrying amount of the net assets of the target company at the
      acquisition date pursuant to the business combination under common control of the Group that
      took place in prior years.

      Other reserves

      Other reserves mainly consist of PRC statutory reserves and contributed surplus. Under the
      relevant PRC laws and regulations, PRC companies are required to allocate 10% of their net
      profit to the fund until such fund reaches 50% of their registered capital. The statutory reserve
      fund can be utilized, upon approval by the relevant authorities, to offset against accumulated
      losses or to increase registered capital of the companies, provided that such fund is maintained
      at a minimum of 25% of the companies’ registered capital. Contributed surplus represents the
      difference between the nominal value of the Company’s shares issued in exchange for the
      issued share capital of the subsidiaries and the net asset value of the subsidiaries acquired, and
      the surplus arising from the reduction of share capital.


31. BUSINESS COMBINATION
      Year ended March 31, 2024

      On January 17, 2024, the Group acquired a 100% equity interest in AJK Technology Holding
      Limited and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as the “Target Business”) from Taobao
      Holding Limited (the “Vendor”), a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding. The
      acquisition of the Target Business is expected to enable the Group to offer one-stop solutions to
      better serve healthcare merchants’ needs, to optimize healthcare merchants’ marketing
      efficiency and return on investment and to improve the business and revenue growth of
      healthcare merchants and the Group. As the Company and the Target Business are under
      common control of Alibaba Holding before and after the transaction, the transaction has been
      accounted for as a business combination under common control using merger accounting.




194     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2025

31. BUSINESS COMBINATION (CONTINUED)
  Year ended March 31, 2024 (Continued)

  The consideration of HK$13,512,000,000 was satisfied by the Company issuing 2,558,222,222
  shares and paying United States Dollar equivalent of HK$2,000,000,000 (approximately
  RMB1,849,529,000) in cash to the Vendor. The fair value of these consideration shares was
  HK$8,186,311,000 (approximately RMB7,532,491,000) which was determined based on the market
  price of HK$3.20 per ordinary share as at January 17, 2024. The difference of RMB9,371,262,000
  between the fair value of consideration of approximately RMB9,382,020,000 and the carrying
  amount of the net assets of the Target Business at the acquisition date of approximately
  RMB10,758,000 is recognized in the merger reserve. The Target Business is engaged in the
  provision of marketing materials review services and value-added services.

  The existing book values of the identified assets and liabilities of the Target Business as at the
  date of acquisition were as follows:

                                                                                                          Existing book
                                                                                                                  values
                                                                                                                RMB’000

  Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                        10,758


  Total identified net assets at existing book values                                                              10,758


  Satisfied by:
    Share consideration                                                                                        7,532,491
    Cash consideration                                                                                         1,849,529


                                                                                                               9,382,020


  An analysis of the cash flows in respect of the acquisition of subsidiaries is as follows:

                                                                                                                   2024
                                                                                                                RMB’000

  Cash consideration                                                                                           1,849,529
  Cash and cash equivalents acquired                                                                             (10,758)


  Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents included in the cash flows used in
   financing activities                                                                                        1,838,771




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   195
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

32. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
      (a) Major non-cash transactions

          During the year, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and lease
          liabilities of RMB13,476,000 (2024: RMB51,308,000) and RMB13,476,000 (2024:
          RMB51,308,000), respectively, in respect of lease arrangements for buildings.

      (b) Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                                           Lease liabilities
                                                                                            2025             2024
                                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000

          Carrying amount at April 1                                                       82,170           77,798
          Changes from financing cash flows                                               (38,094)         (39,934)
          New leases                                                                       13,476           51,308
          Revision of lease terms arising from changes in the
            non-cancellable periods of leases                                             (22,037)             (7,002)
          Interest expense                                                                  2,609               5,969
          Interest paid classified as operating cash flows                                 (2,609)             (5,969)


          Carrying amount at March 31                                                     35,515               82,170


      (c) Total cash outflow for leases

          The total cash outflow for leases included in the statement of cash flows is as follows:

                                                                                            2025             2024
                                                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000

          Within operating activities                                                      4,740                7,621
          Within financing activities                                                     38,094               39,934


          Total                                                                           42,834               47,555




196     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2025

33. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS
  (I)   Transactions with related parties

                                                                                           2025                     2024
                                                                                        RMB’000                  RMB’000

        Ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries:
          Share-based compensation expenses attributable to
            connected persons^                                                            (31,026)                 (12,709)
          Share-based compensation expenses attributable to
            share awards granted by Alibaba Holding                                       (27,969)                 (47,937)
          Reimbursement amount of the Group’s share awards
            from Alibaba Holding                                                           15,679                   17,187

        Fellow subsidiaries:
          Marketing services received from Hangzhou Alimama,
             its subsidiaries and affiliates                                         (2,287,280)               (1,566,271)
          Shared services received from Alibaba Group                                  (276,536)                 (284,125)
          Platform services received from Alibaba Group                                (619,523)                 (311,039)
          Cloud computing services received from Alibaba Cloud
             Computing Ltd.                                                             (134,636)                (114,833)
          Logistics and warehouse services received from
             Hangzhou Cainiao Supply Chain Management
             Co., Ltd., its subsidiaries and affiliates                                 (125,718)                (175,126)
          Technical services received from Taobao China Holding
             Limited, its subsidiaries and affiliates
             (“Taobao China Companies”) and Tmall Entities                           (1,093,075)               (1,119,991)
          Outsourced and value-added services provided to
             Tmall Entities                                                              104,348                  108,755
          Tracking related services provided to Taobao Holding                             1,951                    2,021
          Shared services provided to Alibaba Group                                           11                      440
          Software services provided to Taobao China Companies                           116,854                   98,342
          Business sourcing and promotion services provided to
             Koubei (Shanghai) Information Technology Co., Ltd.                              2,472                       5,288
          Marketing materials review services and value-added
             services provided to Hangzhou Alimama                                     1,515,270                  239,522

        Associate of the ultimate holding company:
          Payment services received from Alipay and its affiliates                        (41,297)                 (75,375)
          Information display service provided by Ant Yikang
            (Guangzhou) Information Technology Co., Ltd.                                    (1,749)                  (1,598)
          Registration service provided to Ant Yikang
            (Guangzhou) Information Technology Co., Ltd.                                     2,894                       2,830
          Software services received from Ant Blockchain
            Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.                                                 (2,303)                         —

        Joint ventures:
           Management fee                                                                  12,193                   10,669

        Associates:
          Sales of products                                                                        —                     1,891



                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report      197
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

33. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
      (I)     Transactions with related parties (Continued)

              ^
                     On June 15, 2023, a total of 3,956,000 options are granted to five connected grantees, of which 1,381,250
                     options are granted to Mr. Zhu Shunyan (Chairman) (former Chief Executive Officer and resigned as the Chief
                     Executive Officer with effect from the close of business on November 28, 2023), 1,302,750 options are
                     granted to Mr. Shen Difan (Chief Executive Officer) (appointed as the Chief Executive Officer with effect from
                     the close of business on November 28, 2023), 255,750 options are granted to Mr. Tu Yanwu, and the
                     remaining options are granted to two directors of subsidiaries of the Company.


                     On June 15, 2023, a total of 2,803,800 RSUs are granted to ten connected grantees, of which 552,500 RSUs
                     are granted to Mr. Zhu Shunyan (Chairman) (former Chief Executive Officer and resigned as the Chief
                     Executive Officer with effect from the close of business on November 28, 2023), 521,100 RSUs are granted to
                     Mr. Shen Difan (Chief Executive Officer) (appointed as the Chief Executive Officer with effect from the close of
                     business on November 28, 2023), 102,300 RSUs are granted to Mr. Tu Yanwu, and the remaining RSUs are
                     granted to seven directors of subsidiaries of the Company.


                     On June 14, 2024, a total of 3,700,700 share options are granted to two connected grantees, of which
                     1,741,500 share options are granted to Mr. Zhu Shunyan (Chairman) and 1,959,200 share options are granted
                     to Mr. Shen Difan (Chief Executive Officer).


                     On June 14, 2024, a total of 4,319,000 RSUs are granted to six connected grantees, of which 696,600 RSUs are
                     granted to Mr. Zhu Shunyan (Chairman), 783,700 RSUs are granted to Mr. Shen Difan (Chief Executive Officer),
                     696,600 RSUs are granted to Mr. Tu Yanwu, and the remaining RSUs are granted to three directors of
                     subsidiaries of the Company.


              All these transactions were carried out in accordance with the terms and conditions
              mutually agreed by the parties involved.




198         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            March 31, 2025

33. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)
  (II) Outstanding balances with related parties:

      In addition to the outstanding balances detailed in notes 19, 20, 24 and 25 to the financial
      statements, the balances with related parties as at the end of the reporting period are listed
      below:

                                                                                         2025                     2024
                                                                                      RMB’000                  RMB’000

      Alibaba Holding and its subsidiaries (excluding the Group):
        Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                362,105                  231,290
        Other payables and accruals                                                    179,211                  273,418


      Associate of the ultimate holding company:
        Trade receivables                                                                     156                      3,643
        Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                       733                        852
        Other payables and accruals                                                             —                        583


      The balances with fellow subsidiaries are unsecured, interest-free, and have no fixed terms
      of repayment.

  (III) Compensation of key management personnel of the Group

                                                                                         2025                     2024
                                                                                      RMB’000                  RMB’000

      Short-term employee benefits                                                       22,510                   26,154
      Discretionary performance related bonuses                                          12,128                   14,193
      Share-based compensation expenses                                                  64,522                   60,164
      Pension scheme contributions                                                          918                    1,074


      Total compensation of key management personnel                                   100,078                  101,585


      Further details of directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments are included in note 7 to the
      financial statements.

      The transactions in respect of item (I) above also constitute connected transactions or
      continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report      199
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY
      The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the
      reporting period are as follows:

      2025

      Financial assets

                                                                         Financial assets
                                                                  at fair value through other
                                                                     comprehensive income

                                      Financial assets
                                          at fair value
                                        through profit
                                              or loss —
                                            designated
                                                as such                                                      Financial
                                           upon initial                   Debt                 Equity        assets at
                                           recognition            investments             investments   amortized cost        Total
                                              RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000


      Equity investments
        designated at fair value
        through other
        comprehensive income                           —                      —               97,588                —       97,588
      Financial investments
        at fair value through
        profit or loss                       1,885,783                        —                    —                —     1,885,783
      Trade receivables                                —                      —                    —        1,047,076     1,047,076
      Bills receivable                                 —                      —                    —            5,447         5,447
      Financial assets included
        in prepayments, other
        receivables and other
        assets                                         —                      —                    —          976,928      976,928
      Long-term time deposits                          —                      —                    —        4,152,413     4,152,413
      Short-term time deposits                         —                      —                    —        5,617,926     5,617,926
      Restricted cash                                  —                      —                    —          303,243      303,243
      Cash and bank deposits                           —                      —                    —        2,218,296     2,218,296


      Total                                  1,885,783                        —               97,588       14,321,329    16,304,700




200      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2025

34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (CONTINUED)
  2025 (Continued)

  Financial liabilities

                                                                                                              Financial
                                                                                                           liabilities at
                                                                                                             amortized
                                                                                                                     cost
                                                                                                              RMB’000

  Trade and bills payables                                                                                    2,852,381
  Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                                                 526,508
  Lease liabilities                                                                                              35,515


  Total                                                                                                       3,414,404




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   201
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (CONTINUED)
      2024

      Financial assets

                                                                         Financial assets
                                                                   at fair value through other
                                                                     comprehensive income
                                       Financial assets
                                           at fair value
                                         through profit
                                               or loss —
                                            designated
                                                as such                                                      Financial
                                            upon initial                  Debt                 Equity        assets at
                                            recognition           investments             investments   amortized cost        Total
                                               RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000


      Equity investments
        designated at fair value
        through other
        comprehensive income                           —                      —              101,659                —      101,659
      Financial investments
        at fair value through
        profit or loss                        1,567,998                       —                    —                —     1,567,998
      Trade receivables                                —                      —                    —          782,093      782,093
      Bills receivable                                 —                  3,043                    —                —         3,043
      Financial assets included
        in prepayments, other
        receivables and other
        assets                                         —                      —                    —        1,042,658     1,042,658
      Long-term time deposits                          —                      —                    —          694,000      694,000
      Short-term time deposits                         —                      —                    —        6,062,941     6,062,941
      Restricted cash                                  —                      —                    —          278,406      278,406
      Cash and bank deposits                           —                      —                    —        3,490,169     3,490,169


      Total                                   1,567,998                   3,043              101,659       12,350,267    14,022,967




202      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2025

34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (CONTINUED)
  2024 (Continued)

  Financial liabilities

                                                                                                               Financial
                                                                                                            liabilities at
                                                                                                              amortized
                                                                                                                      cost
                                                                                                                RMB’000


  Trade and bills payables                                                                                     3,350,566
  Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                                                  598,072
  Lease liabilities                                                                                               82,170


  Total                                                                                                        4,030,808




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   203
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

35. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS
      The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s financial instruments, other than those with
      carrying amounts that reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:

                                                                      Carrying amount                     Fair value
                                                                      2025                  2024        2025          2024
                                                                   RMB’000               RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000

      Financial assets

      Financial assets at fair value through
        profit or loss                                           1,885,783               1,567,998   1,885,783    1,567,998
      Equity investments designated at fair
        value through other comprehensive
        income                                                      97,588                101,659       97,588     101,659
      Long-term time deposits                                    4,152,413                694,000    4,204,161     644,144
      Other receivables and other assets,
        non-current portion                                           93,480               31,568      90,756          28,840


      Total                                                      6,229,264               2,395,225   6,278,288    2,342,641


      Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and bank deposits, short-term time
      deposits, restricted cash, trade and bills receivables, current portion of financial assets included
      in prepayments, other receivables and other assets, trade and bills payables and financial
      liabilities included in other payables and accruals, approximate to their carrying amounts largely
      due to the short term maturities of these instruments.

      The Group’s finance department headed by the finance manager is responsible for determining
      the policies and procedures for the fair value measurement of financial instruments. The finance
      manager reports directly to the chief financial officer and the audit committee. At each reporting
      date, the finance department analyzes the movements in the values of financial instruments and
      determines the major inputs applied in the valuation. The valuation is reviewed and approved
      by the chief financial officer. The valuation process and results are discussed with the audit
      committee twice a year for interim and annual financial reporting.




204     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2025

35. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
  The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the
  instrument could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a
  forced or liquidation sale. The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the
  fair values:

  The Group’s financial assets at fair value through profit or loss comprise structured deposits and
  unlisted equity investments. The fair values of structured deposits included in financial assets at
  fair value through profit or loss have been calculated using a Monte Carlo simulation model to
  generate the key input values which are used to determine the returns of structured deposits,
  and then a discounted cash flow valuation model based on the average key input values and
  market interest rates of instruments with similar terms and risks. The fair values of unlisted
  equity investments at FVPL and designated at FVOCI have been estimated using market-based
  valuation techniques. The key assumptions applied in the calculation are (i) valuation multiples
  of the comparable public companies (peers) and discounts for lack of marketability (“DLOM”), or
  (ii) recent transaction prices, together with an option pricing model for the equity allocation
  purpose. Comparable companies are actively traded in stock market and the multiples are
  publicly available. Also, to adjust the fair value difference between a publicly traded company
  and a private company, an independent valuer has applied an option pricing model to estimate
  the DLOM. The directors believe that the estimated fair values resulting from the valuation
  techniques, which are recorded in the consolidated statement of financial position, and the
  related changes in fair values, which are recorded in profit or loss or other comprehensive
  income, are reasonable.

  The fair values of long-term time deposits and non-current portion of other receivables and
  other assets have been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows using rates
  currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   205
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

35. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      Below is a summary of significant unobservable inputs to the valuation of unlisted equity
      investments together with a quantitative sensitivity analysis as at March 31, 2025 and 2024:

                             Significant                                            Sensitivity of fair value
      Valuation technique    unobservable inputs         Values                     to the input


      Valuation multiples    Median or average P/S       1.18, 2.09, 10.77 7.27     1% (2024: 1%) increase in multiple would result in increase in
                               multiple of peers            and nil                   fair value by RMB7,350,000, RMB882,000, RMB882,000,
                                                            (2024: 1.29, 2.23,        RMB1,002,000 and nil, respectively (2024: RMB7,796,000,
                                                            8.98, 4.90 and 3.78)      RMB1,017,000, RMB733,000, RMB1,165,000 and
                                                                                      RMB2,979,000, respectively). 1% (2024: 1%) decrease in
                                                                                      multiple would result in decrease in fair value by
                                                                                      RMB7,350,000, RMB882,000, RMB883,000, RMB1,011,000
                                                                                      and nil, respectively (2024: RMB7,796,000, RMB1,017,000,
                                                                                      RMB729,000, RMB1,170,000 and RMB3,079,000,
                                                                                      respectively).


                             Discount for lack of        25%, 38%, 20%, 14%         1% (2024: 1%) increase in discount would result in decrease
                                marketability              and nil                    in fair value by RMB2,450,000, RMB540,000, RMB220,000,
                                                           (2024: 20%, 35%,           RMB156,000 and nil, respectively (2024: RMB1,949,000,
                                                           23%, 18% and 13%)          RMB547,000, RMB213,000, RMB247,000 and RMB520,000,
                                                                                      respectively). 1% decrease in discount would result in
                                                                                      increase in fair value by RMB2,450,000, RMB540,000,
                                                                                      RMB220,000 and RMB156,000 and nil, respectively (2024:
                                                                                      RMB1,949,000, RMB547,000, RMB217,000, RMB247,000 and
                                                                                      RMB520,000, respectively).


      Backsolve method       Recent transaction price    RMB2.55 (2024: nil)        1% (2024: nil) increase/decrease in recent transaction price
                                per share                                             would result in increase/decrease in fair value by
                                                                                      RMB6,786,000 to RMB6,871,000 (2024: nil).


                             Risk-free rate              4.13% (2024: nil)          1% (2024: nil) increase/decrease in risk-free rate would result
                                                                                      in decrease/increase in fair value by RMB1,699,000 to
                                                                                      RMB1,700,000 (2024: nil).


      The discount for lack of marketability represents the amounts of premiums and discounts
      determined by the Group that market participants would take into account when pricing the
      investments.




206     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                 March 31, 2025

35. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
  Fair value hierarchy

  The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial
  instruments:

  Assets measured at fair value:

  As at March 31, 2025

                                                        Fair value measurement using
                                             Quoted prices             Significant  Significant
                                                  in active            observable unobservable
                                                   markets                  inputs       inputs
                                                 (Level 1)               (Level 2)    (Level 3)                         Total
                                                 RMB’000                 RMB’000      RMB’000                        RMB’000

  Equity investments designated at fair
     value through other comprehensive
     income                                              9,404                      —             88,184                97,588
  Financial assets at fair value through
     profit or loss                                            —           263,621            1,622,162             1,885,783


  Total                                                  9,404             263,621            1,710,346             1,983,371


  As at March 31, 2024

                                                          Fair value measurement using
                                              Quoted prices            Significant          Significant
                                                   in active           observable         unobservable
                                                    markets                 inputs               inputs
                                                   (Level 1)             (Level 2)            (Level 3)                  Total
                                                   RMB’000               RMB’000              RMB’000                 RMB’000

  Equity investments designated at fair
     value through other comprehensive
     income                                                    —                    —            101,659               101,659
  Financial assets at fair value through
     profit or loss                                            —                    —          1,567,998            1,567,998


  Total                                                        —                    —          1,669,657            1,669,657




                                           ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   207
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

35. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
      Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

      The movements in fair value measurements within Level 3 during the year are as follows:

                                                                                            2025        2024
                                                                                         RMB’000     RMB’000

      Equity investments at fair value though other
        comprehensive income
      At April 1                                                                          101,659     122,062
      Total losses recognized in other comprehensive income                               (13,914)    (27,888)
      Exchange realignment                                                                    439       7,485


      At March 31                                                                          88,184     101,659


                                                                                            2025        2024
                                                                                         RMB’000     RMB’000

      Financial assets at fair value though profit or loss
      At April 1                                                                         1,567,998   1,883,292
      Total gains/(loss) recognized in profit or loss                                       47,743    (349,854)
      Exchange realignment                                                                   6,421      34,560


      At March 31                                                                        1,622,162   1,567,998


      The Group did not have any financial liabilities measured at fair value as at March 31, 2025 and
      2024.

      During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level
      2 and no transfers into or out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (2024:
      Nil).




208     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2025

35. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
  Fair value hierarchy (Continued)

  Assets for which fair values are disclosed:

  As at March 31, 2025

                                                     Fair value measurement using
                                          Quoted prices             Significant  Significant
                                               in active            observable unobservable
                                                markets                  inputs       inputs
                                              (Level 1)               (Level 2)    (Level 3)                         Total
                                              RMB’000                 RMB’000      RMB’000                        RMB’000

  Long-term time deposits                                   —         4,204,161                        —         4,204,161
  Other receivables and other assets,
    non-current portion                                     —             90,756                       —             90,756


  Total                                                     —         4,294,917                        —         4,294,917


  As at March 31, 2024

                                                       Fair value measurement using
                                           Quoted prices            Significant          Significant
                                                in active           observable         unobservable
                                                 markets                 inputs               inputs
                                                (Level 1)             (Level 2)            (Level 3)                  Total
                                                RMB’000               RMB’000              RMB’000                 RMB’000

  Long-term time deposits                                   —            644,144                       —            644,144
  Other receivables and other assets,
    non-current portion                                     —             28,840                       —             28,840


  Total                                                     —            672,984                       —            672,984




                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   209
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

36.FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
      The Group’s principal financial instruments comprise cash and bank deposits and time deposits.
      The Group has various other financial assets and liabilities such as trade receivables and trade
      payables, which arise directly from its operations.

      It is, and has been throughout the year under review, the Group’s policy that no trading in
      financial instruments shall be undertaken.

      The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are credit risk, foreign currency risk
      and liquidity risk. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these
      risks and they are summarized below.

      Credit risk

      The Group trades only with recognized and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group’s policy that
      all customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. In
      addition, receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis.

      The credit risk of the Group’s other financial assets, which comprise cash and bank deposits,
      time deposits and other receivables, arises from default of the counterparty, with a maximum
      exposure equal to the carrying amounts of these instruments.

      Further quantitative data in respect of the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade
      receivables are disclosed in note 19 to the financial statements.

      The Group places its cash and bank deposits and time deposits with major banks in Hong Kong
      and Mainland China. This investment policy limits the Group’s exposure to concentrations of
      credit risk.

      Maximum exposure and year-end staging

      The tables below show the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the
      Group’s credit policy, which is mainly based on ageing information unless other information is
      available without undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at March 31. The
      amounts presented are gross carrying amounts for financial assets and the exposure to credit
      risk for the financial guarantee contracts.




210     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           March 31, 2025

36.FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
   (CONTINUED)
  Credit risk (Continued)

  Maximum exposure and year-end staging (Continued)

  As at March 31, 2025

                                    12-month
                                        ECLs                          Lifetime ECLs

                                                                                         Simplified
                                     Stage 1            Stage 2           Stage 3        approach                Total
                                    RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000

  Trade receivables*                         —                    —                 —     1,083,331         1,083,331
  Bills receivable                       5,447                    —                 —             —             5,447
  Financial assets included in
    prepayments, other
    receivables and other assets
    — Normal**                        976,928                     —              —                     —       976,928
    — Doubtful**                            —                     —         17,934                     —        17,934
  Long-term time deposits
    — Not yet past due              4,152,413                     —                 —                  —    4,152,413
  Short-term time deposits
    — Not yet past due              5,617,926                     —                 —                  —    5,617,926
  Restricted cash
    — Not yet past due                303,243                     —                 —                  —       303,243
  Cash and bank deposits
    — Not yet past due              2,218,296                     —                 —                  —    2,218,296


  Total                            13,274,253                     —         17,934        1,083,331 14,375,518




                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   211
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

36.FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
   (CONTINUED)
      Credit risk (Continued)

      Maximum exposure and year-end staging (Continued)

      As at March 31, 2024

                                                            12-month
                                                                ECLs                            Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                                Simplified
                                                              Stage 1            Stage 2           Stage 3      approach        Total
                                                             RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000

      Trade receivables*                                              —                     —            —        815,780     815,780
      Bills receivable                                            3,043                     —            —              —       3,043
      Financial assets included in
        prepayments, other
        receivables and other assets
        — Normal**                                          1,042,658                       —            —              —    1,042,658
        — Doubtful**                                                —                       —        6,760              —        6,760
      Long-term time deposits
        — Not yet past due                                     694,000                      —            —              —     694,000
      Short-term time deposits
        — Not yet past due                                  6,062,941                       —            —              —    6,062,941
      Restricted cash
        — Not yet past due                                     278,406                      —            —              —     278,406
      Cash and bank deposits
        — Not yet past due                                  3,490,169                       —            —              —    3,490,169


      Total                                               11,571,217                        —        6,760        815,780 12,393,757

      *      For trade receivables to which the Group applies the simplified approach for impairment, information based on the
             provision matrix is disclosed in note 19 to the financial statements.

      **     The credit quality of the financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets is considered
             to be “normal” when they are not past due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had a
             significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition.


      Since the Group trades only with recognized and creditworthy third parties, there is no
      requirement for collateral. Concentrations of credit risk are managed by customer/counterparty,
      by geographical region and by industry sector. There are no significant concentrations of credit
      risk within the Group as the customer bases of the Group’s trade receivables are widely
      dispersed in different sectors and industries.



212        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2025

36.FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
   (CONTINUED)
  Foreign currency risk

  The Group has transactional currency exposures. Such exposures arise from the Group’s cash
  and bank deposits and time deposits denominated in currencies other than the functional
  currencies of the operating units.

  The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a
  reasonably possible change in the RMB exchange rate, with all other variables held constant, of
  the Group’s profit before tax (arising from RMB denominated cash and bank balances).

                                                                                                              Increase/
                                                                                     Increase/               (decrease)
                                                                                    (decrease)                  in profit
                                                                                  in RMB rate                before tax
                                                                                            %                  RMB’000

  2025
  If the Hong Kong dollar weakens against RMB                                                     1                      229
  If the Hong Kong dollar strengthens against RMB                                                (1)                    (229)


  2024
  If the Hong Kong dollar weakens against RMB                                                      1                 1,681
  If the Hong Kong dollar strengthens against RMB                                                 (1)               (1,681)

  Liquidity risk

  The Group monitors its risk to a shortage of funds using a recurring liquidity planning tool. This
  tool considers the maturity of both its financial instruments and financial assets (e.g., trade
  receivables) and projected cash flows from operations.




                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report     213
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

36.FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
   (CONTINUED)
      Liquidity risk (Continued)

      The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period,
      based on the contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:

      As at March 31, 2025

                                                                                      Less than
                                                                                      1 year or
                                                                                    on demand        Over 1 year      Total
                                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000

      Trade and bills payables                                                           2,852,381            —    2,852,381
      Financial liabilities included in other payables and
        accruals                                                                          526,508             —     526,508
      Lease liabilities                                                                    12,498        25,242      37,740


      Total                                                                              3,391,387       25,242    3,416,629


      As at March 31, 2024

                                                                                      Less than
                                                                                      1 year or
                                                                                    on demand        Over 1 year       Total
                                                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000

      Trade and bills payables                                                           3,350,566            —    3,350,566
      Financial liabilities included in other payables and
        accruals                                                                           598,072             —     598,072
      Lease liabilities                                                                     34,518        49,933      84,451


      Total                                                                              3,983,156        49,933   4,033,089




214     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            March 31, 2025

36.FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
   (CONTINUED)
  Capital management

  The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a
  going concern while maximizing the return to stakeholders through the optimization of the debt
  and equity balance. The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from that of the prior year.

  The capital structure of the Group consists of equity attributable to owners of the Company,
  comprising issued share capital and reserves.

  The directors of the Company review the capital structure on a regular basis. As part of this
  review, the directors consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of
  capital. Based on recommendations of the directors, the Group will balance its overall capital
  structure through new issues of shares.


37. EVENTS AFTER THE REPORTING PERIOD
  During the period between April 1 and May 19, 2025, there were exercises of 718,312 share
  options, details of which are set out in note 29 to the financial statements.




                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report   215
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2025

38.STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
      Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the
      reporting period is as follows:

                                                                                              2025          2024
                                                                                           RMB’000       RMB’000

      NON-CURRENT ASSETS
      Investments in subsidiaries                                                        46,097,545    45,361,748
      Due from subsidiaries                                                               7,316,064     7,244,561
      Other intangible assets                                                                   204           193


      Total non-current assets                                                           53,413,813    52,606,502


      CURRENT ASSETS
      Prepayments, other receivables and other accruals                                    171,011       149,031
      Restricted cash                                                                       48,939        88,625
      Cash and bank deposits                                                                 4,741         2,375


      Total current assets                                                                 224,691       240,031


      CURRENT LIABILITIES
      Other payables and accruals                                                          121,504         94,227
      Due to subsidiaries                                                                   12,195          8,883


      Total current liabilities                                                            133,699       103,110


      NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                                     90,992      136,921


      TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                              53,504,805    52,743,423


      Net assets                                                                         53,504,805    52,743,423


      EQUITY
      Share capital                                                                         142,790       142,780
      Treasury shares                                                                       (52,600)     (101,946)
      Reserves                                                                           53,414,615    52,702,589


      Total equity                                                                       53,504,805    52,743,423




216     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
                                        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                             March 31, 2025

38.STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
   (CONTINUED)
  A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:

                                                                                                         Employee
                                                       Share                              Exchange     share-based
                                                    premium       Capital Contributed fluctuation compensation Accumulated
                                                     account      reserve       surplus    reserve#         reserve         losses          Total
                                                     RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000


  At April 1, 2023                                 43,734,076      85,654        57,741    (463,624)        459,441     (1,125,999) 42,747,289
  Loss for the year                                         —           —             —           —               —        (15,197)       (15,197)
  Exchange differences on translation of the
      financial statements of the Company                   —           —             —   2,346,193               —             —       2,346,193


  Total comprehensive income for the year                   —           —             —   2,346,193               —        (15,197)     2,330,996
  Issue of new shares for acquisition under
      common control                                7,508,952           —             —           —               —             —       7,508,952
  Exercise of share options                             1,256           —             —           —            (380)            —            876
  Share-based compensation expenses                         —           —             —           —         218,121             —        218,121
  Vested awarded shares transferred to employees      130,440     (47,461)            —           —        (186,624)            —       (103,645)


  At March 31, 2024 and April 1, 2024              51,374,724     38,193        57,741    1,882,569        490,558     (1,141,196) 52,702,589
  Loss for the year                                         —           —             —           —               —       (16,633)       (16,633)
  Exchange differences on translation of the
      financial statements of the Company                   —           —             —    625,949                —             —        625,949


  Total comprehensive income for the year                   —           —             —    625,949                —       (16,633)       609,316
  Exercise of share options                             6,783           —             —           —          (2,206)            —          4,577
  Share-based compensation expenses                         —     (15,679)            —           —        212,245              —        196,566
  Vested awarded shares transferred to employees     134,885      (27,439)            —           —       (205,879)             —        (98,433)


  At March 31, 2025                                51,516,392      (4,925)      57,741    2,508,518        494,718     (1,157,829) 53,414,615


  #
         The exchange fluctuation reserve represents the differences arising from translating the financial statements from
         HK$ into RMB, the Group’s presentation currency.


39.APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
  The financial statements were approved and authorized for issue by the board of directors on
  May 19, 2025.




                                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report        217
FINANCIAL SUMMARY

                                                                           Year ended March 31,
                                               2025                   2024                   2023          2022          2021
                                            RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

RESULTS
Revenue                                  30,598,292            27,026,555               26,763,016    20,577,616    15,518,468


Profit/(loss) before tax                   1,559,968                939,399               550,994       (252,514)     401,219
Income tax expense                          (127,954)               (56,263)              (14,485)       (15,527)     (58,775)


Profit/(loss) for the year                 1,432,014                883,136               536,509       (268,041)     342,444


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                     1,432,427                883,477               535,653       (267,655)     348,352
  Non-controlling interests                     (413)                  (341)                  856           (386)      (5,908)


                                           1,432,014                883,136               536,509       (268,041)     342,444


                                                                                As at March 31,
                                               2025                   2024                   2023          2022          2021
                                            RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000

ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
Total assets                             21,178,417            19,705,337               20,747,820    19,201,997    17,739,495
Total liabilities                        (4,865,257)           (5,187,733)              (5,600,621)   (5,132,145)   (3,458,171)


                                         16,313,160            14,517,604               15,147,199    14,069,852    14,281,324


Equity attributable to
  owners of the parent                   16,312,179            14,544,212               15,173,573    14,096,039    14,301,670
Non-controlling interests                       981               (26,608)                 (26,374)      (26,187)      (20,346)


                                         16,313,160            14,517,604               15,147,199    14,069,852    14,281,324




218    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2025 Fiscal Year Annual Report
