                                  ALIBABA HEALTH INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY LIMITED




                                  阿里健康信息技術有限公司




2022                                                                              2022

                                 Annual Report 2022 年報
年報                                                                                ANNUAL REPORT


ALIBABA HEALTH                                                                    ALIBABA HEALTH
Information Technology Limited                                                    Information Technology Limited
阿里健康信息技術有限公司                                                                      阿里健康信息技術有限公司
                                                                                  (Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)
                                                                                  Stock code: 00241
CONTENTS
Corporate Information 02
Chairman’s Statement 03
Management Discussion and Analysis 06
Directors’ Report 21
Biographical Information of Directors and Senior Management 61
Corporate Governance Report 64
Risk Management and Internal Control 77
Independent Auditor’s Report 86
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss 93
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 94
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 95
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 97
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 99
Notes to Financial Statements 101
Financial Summary 210
02   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     CORPORATE INFORMATION

     BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                                 REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                                        Victoria Place
     Executive Directors                                                5th Floor
     Mr. ZHU Shunyan                                                    31 Victoria Street
      (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)                            Hamilton HM 10
     Mr. SHEN Difan (appointed on October 13, 2021)                     Bermuda
     Mr. TU Yanwu
                                                                        PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
     Non-executive Director                                             26/F, Tower One
     Mr. LI Faguang (appointed on October 13, 2021)                     Times Square
     Mr. WU Yongming (resigned on October 13, 2021)
                                                                        1 Matheson Street
     Mr. XU Hong (resigned on October 13, 2021)
                                                                        Causeway Bay
                                                                        Hong Kong
     Independent Non-executive Directors
     Mr. LUO Tong
                                                                        PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN PRC
     Mr. WONG King On, Samuel
                                                                        17th Floor, Building B, Greenland Center
     Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa)
                                                                        Hong Tai Dong Jie, Wangjing
     Audit Committee                                                    Chaoyang District, Beijing
     Mr. WONG King On, Samuel (Chairman)
     Mr. LUO Tong                                                       PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR (IN BERMUDA)
     Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa)                                         Ocorian Management (Bermuda) Ltd.
                                                                        Canon’s Court
     Remuneration Committee                                             22 Victoria Street
     Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa) (Chairman)                              Hamilton HM 12
     Mr. WU Yongming (resigned on October 13, 2021)                     Bermuda
     Mr. LI Faguang (appointed on October 13, 2021)
     Mr. WONG King On, Samuel                                           BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR (IN HONG KONG)
                                                                        Tricor Secretaries Limited
     Nomination Committee                                               Level 54, Hopewell Centre
     Mr. ZHU Shunyan (Chairman)                                         183 Queen’s Road East
     Mr. LUO Tong                                                       Hong Kong
     Mr. WONG King On, Samuel
                                                                        PRINCIPAL BANKERS
     AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES                                         China CITIC Bank International Limited
     Mr. ZHU Shunyan                                                    The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation
     Ms. Lee Wai Yan Vivian (resigned on June 30, 2022)                 Limited
     Ms. Chun Ka Yan (appointed on June 30, 2022)                       China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
                                                                        Bank of Ningbo Co., Ltd.
     COMPANY SECRETARY
                                                                        JPMorgan Chase Bank
     Ms. Lee Wai Yan Vivian (resigned on June 30, 2022)
                                                                        Agricultural Bank of China
     Ms. Chun Ka Yan (appointed on June 30, 2022)

                                                                        COMPANY WEBSITE
     LEGAL ADVISOR
                                                                        www.irasia.com/listco/hk/alihealth/
     Taylor Wessing

     AUDITOR
     Ernst & Young
     Certified Public Accountants
                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   03




                                                                         CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

Dear fellow shareholders,

First of all, on behalf of the Board and Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited (the “Company” or “Alibaba
Health”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”), I would like to take this opportunity to express our sincere
gratitude to all of our shareholders and the general public for their continued interest in and support to us.

During the past year, the Internet healthcare and digital technologies have played a more proactive role as and when
the epidemic prevention and control against COVID-19 has become a routine, and positive changes have been
observed in people’s lifestyles and health awareness. The Internet healthcare and digital health industries are
gradually becoming more standardized and regulated with the active policy support and guidance from regulatory
authorities and local governments from all levels, which in turn create more development opportunities for the
industries. As a leading player in the industries, Alibaba Health has improved its quality and efficiency and developed
rapidly during the year ended March 31, 2022 (the “Reporting Period”). At the recently-held conference of the 2022
BRICS Women Business Alliance Joint Working Group on Healthcare, Alibaba Health shared its experience in Internet
healthcare and digital health services, which was well received and recognized by the representatives from various
countries.

The Internet healthcare and digital health industries will enjoy more development opportunities during the “Fourteenth
Five-Year Plan” period. In January 2022, the issue of the “Fourteenth Five-Year Plan for the Development of Digital
Economy”^ (「十四五」數字經濟發展規劃) affirmed that Internet healthcare is an integral part of the digital economy.
In March 2022, the issue of the “Fourteenth Five-Year Plan for the Development of Traditional Chinese Medicine”^
(「十四五」中醫藥發展規劃) also emphasized the value of extending grassroots “Internet + Traditional Chinese
Medicine” services. In May 2022, the “Fourteenth Five-Year Plan for National Health Plan”^ (「十四五」國民健康規劃)
also clearly proposed to promote the application of the Internet in the chronic disease management, healthcare
services and other aspects. Furthermore, the “Measures for the Administration of Internet Hospitals (Provisional)”^ (互
聯網診療監管細則（試行）) issued in March 2022 and the consultation draft of the “Measures for the Supervision and
Management of Online Drug Sales”^ (藥品網絡銷售監督管理辦法) provided new guidelines on regulated development
of pharmaceutical e-commerce and Internet healthcare service industries.

Keeping in mind the responsibilities bestowed on us by the times, and riding on various favorable policies, Alibaba
Health continues to invest in scientific and technological innovation, constantly exploring the Internet healthcare and
digital health fields, while maintaining high level of compliance and quality control. We have updated our strategic
business plan, with “cloud-based infrastructure” as the foundation, “cloud-based pharmacy” as the core, and
“cloud-based hospital” as the engine, and will utilize our leading digital technology and digital operation capabilities to
provide affordable, convenient, efficient and reliable medical and healthcare services to hundreds of millions of
families.
04   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


     Building on its strengths in Internet and digital technologies, as well as its brand advantages and resources
     accumulated over the years, Alibaba Health now serves as an important bridge among physicians, pharmaceutical
     merchants and patients to address the relationship between supply and demand. It has also established an online
     and offline integrated pharmaceutical and healthcare products service platform to further improve user experience. In
     light of the country’s determined implementation and all-round acceleration of reforms on national centralized
     procurement and medical insurance payment, we continue to further invest in the field of prescription drugs to
     complement existing direct sales business on Alibaba Health Pharmacy, and we have built an omni-category and
     omni-scenario pharmacy offering a wide range of prescription drugs, over-the-counter (OTC) drugs, nutritional
     supplements, medical devices and contact lenses. Leveraging our efficient distribution network and smart logistics
     strategy, we have established presence covering 29 warehouses in 17 locations at the end of the Reporting Period,
     enabling us to provide next-day delivery services for 76% of our direct sales pharmaceutical products. Revenue from
     our pharmaceutical direct sales business reached RMB17,911 million, remaining as the top sales among the China’s
     online retailers of direct sales pharmaceutical products. The number of annual active consumers of our direct online
     stores has reached over 110 million. As a leading pharmaceutical and healthcare products service platform in China,
     we possess the most comprehensive product catalog in terms of stock keeping units (“SKUs”), and boast the safest
     and the most reliable sales process. We remain committed to further diversifying merchants and product portfolios on
     our pharmaceutical e-commerce platform and investing in consumption upgrading, with a focus on consumer
     refinement operation, to meet the diversified needs of consumers. During the Reporting Period, 26,000 merchants
     were registered on Tmall’s Pharmaceutical Platform and the number of SKUs also increased significantly to over 44
     million. In addition, we launched a series of multi-model and multi-payment channel online and offline drug purchase
     pilot programs (covered by the national medical insurance) in 23 cities.

     During the past year, Alibaba Health has initially established a sizeable online and offline integrated healthcare service
     system, and generated sizeable revenue through a variety of services, including online consultation, physical checkup
     appointment, chronic disease management and traditional Chinese medicine (TCM). By persisting to make the tough
     yet right decision, we continued to upgrade our healthcare service experience, and stepped up our efforts in the
     construction of Internet hospitals and key departments of Chinese and Western medicine to provide users with
     seamless online-to-offline operation of appropriate services. As at March 31, 2022, nearly 160,000 licensed
     physicians, pharmacists and nutritionists have contracted with the Group and provided online health consultation
     services, making it one of the largest companies with the most physicians in the industry. The number of annual
     active users on Alipay healthcare channel reached 690 million, while the online consultation services reached an
     average of 300,000 consultations per day. During the Reporting Period, revenue generated from our healthcare and
     digital services business amounted to approximately RMB670.2 million, representing an increase of 98.9%
     year-on-year.

     Since the outbreak of COVID-19, TCM has proven its outstanding efficacy in treatment during the epidemic, which
     not only makes its value widely recognized, but also promotes the rapid development of Internet TCM service, with
     the continued support and various favorable policies from the Chinese government. Having completed the acquisition
     of Xiaolu Traditional Chinese Medicine (“Xiaolu TCM”), we have continuously optimized our online and offline
     integrated TCM healthcare services and improved our pharmaceutical product supply service network, making quality
     TCM services more accessible to more people. Among online TCM healthcare services providers, Xiaolu TCM boasts
     the largest number of TCM practitioners. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the number of registered TCM
     practitioners on Xiaolu TCM reported a year-on-year increase of 36% to 76,000, of which nearly 40% held positions
     at Grade III Class A hospitals, serving a total of nearly 10 million patients.
                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   05




                                                                                              CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


During the past year, we have made substantial investment in research and development, and made great efforts in
the construction of digital infrastructure, including cloud computing and medical AI. In addition, we also worked with
our ecosystem partners to promote digital construction of medical institutions. In the digital medical services field, the
“hospitals of the future” information system, jointly built by Alibaba Health and Seenew Medical Technology (Zhejiang)
Co., Ltd.^ (熙牛醫療科技（浙江）有限公司) (“Seenew Medical”), assisted the First Affiliated Hospital — Zhejiang
University School of Medicine with the “cloud migration” of the core information system of its four clinical centers,
which significantly improved its operational efficiency and service quality.

Alibaba Health also actively incorporates the environmental, social and governance (ESG) considerations into its
corporate operation process, through which it aims to create sustainable social impacts by leveraging on its
strengths and influence. During the Reporting Period, we continued to enhance the model of corporate governance,
in a bid to establish an effective and sound corporate governance structure. We also continued to enhance the
control standards and requirements in respect of product quality and information security, with a view to creating
sustainable value for our customers, partners, employees and the general public. In the previous financial year, our
ESG rating was upgraded by MSCI, a global leading rating company, from BBB to A, the highest rating among our
peers in China.

Our original intention to make healthcare services accessible through the use of Internet and digital technologies to
offer healthcare services has been growing stronger during the past year. In collaboration with our partners, we
launched the “Join Us for Training on Yi Die Gu”^ (醫蝶谷一起學) program to provide training to nearly 10,000 local
doctors from over 420 county hospitals, and provided support to children with serious illnesses and their families
through the “Xiao Lu Lantern” (小鹿燈) platform. In response to the lingering COVID-19 pandemic, Alibaba Health
launched an online volunteer medical consultation campaign, with thousands of doctors actively engaged in serving
homebound patients. We also integrated the resources of Alibaba Health Pharmacy and merchants in the health
industry on Tmall to launch a “COVID-19 Zone”, offering quick access to chronic disease medicines, common
medicines, as well as personal protection equipment. Our efforts went beyond public welfare and epidemic
prevention, with every member of our teams dedicated to creating social value and collaborating with our partners to
bring quality medical resources to those in need.

However long the road, we will get through and reach the destination with perseverance. Again, I would like to thank
all of our shareholders, partners, users, and people from all walks of life who have been staying with us for their
continued support, By uploading our and assistance. Upholding long-termism values, we firmly believe that there will
be tremendous development opportunities ahead for Internet healthcare and digital health services. We look forward
to forging ahead with you, witnessing the development and success of Alibaba Health, while striving for better
rewarding its shareholders and benefiting the society.




ZHU Shunyan
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

May 25, 2022
06   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     BUSINESS REVIEW

     In financial year 2022, the epidemic prevention and control against COVID-19 has become a routine as the
     pandemic persists and steps into the second year and the concept of “Internet + Healthcare” has deeply penetrated
     into the hearts of consumers. The Internet healthcare industry is gradually becoming more standardized and
     regulated with the active policy support and guidance from regulatory authorities and local governments from all
     levels. As a leading player in the Internet healthcare industry, Alibaba Health has improved its quality and efficiency
     and developed rapidly during the Reporting Period. In January 2022, the issue of the “Fourteenth Five-Year Plan for
     the Development of Digital Economy”^ (「十四五」數字經濟發展規劃) by the General Office of the State Council (the
     “General Office of the State Council”) of the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”) affirmed that Internet healthcare
     is an integral part of the digital economy and such an innovative industry with novel business models will receive
     strong government support. In March 2022, the issue of the “Fourteenth Five-Year Plan for the Development of
     Traditional Chinese Medicine”^ (「十四五」中醫藥發展規劃) and the “Fourteenth Five-Year Plan for the Capacity
     Enhancement of Grassroots Traditional Chinese Medicine Services”^ (基層中醫藥服務能力提升工程「十四五」行動計
     劃) by the General Office of the State Council recognized the value of extending grassroots “Internet+” services and
     clarified the present policy direction of revitalizing traditional Chinese medicine during such period. In May 2022, the
     issue of the “Fourteenth Five-Year Plan for National Health Plan”^ (「十四五」國民健康規劃) by the General Office of
     the State Council also clearly proposed to promote the application of the Internet in the chronic disease
     management, healthcare services and other aspects. The “Measures for the Administration of Internet Hospitals
     (Provisional)”^ (互聯網診療監管細則（試行）) and the consultation draft of the “Measures for the Supervision and
     Management of Online Drug Sales”^ (藥品網絡銷售監督管理辦法) have provided new guidelines on regulated
     development of pharmaceutical e-commerce and Internet healthcare service industries. In response to this, Alibaba
     Health will continue to maintain a high level of compliance and quality control. During the Reporting Period, all
     business segments of the Company have been able to achieve solid growth.

     During the Reporting Period, the total revenue of the Group has reached RMB20,577.6 million, representing an
     increase of 32.6% year-on-year. In view of the increasing demand for Internet healthcare, Alibaba Health has
     continued to expand its offerings in pharmaceutical platform categories. During the Reporting Period, Tmall’s
     Pharmaceutical Platform has reached over 44 million SKUs of service products, serving over 26,000 merchants. The
     pharmaceutical direct sales business has achieved a revenue of RMB17,911.1 million and revenue generated from
     prescription drug business increased by 105.2%. As at March 31, 2022, the number of annual active consumers
     (those who made one or more actual purchase(s) in our direct online stores in the past 12 months) of the direct
     online stores has exceeded 110 million. To cope with the increasingly challenging and competitive environment,
     especially in the second half of the financial year, we stepped up our efforts to control marketing expenses and
     optimize operational efficiency, and steadily improved the efficiency of fulfillment costs of warehousing and
     distribution, etc. Adjusted net loss for the second half of the financial year narrowed significantly as compared with
     the first half of the financial year. In terms of risk control, the Group implemented a product operation management
     platform, a Good Supply Practice for Pharmaceutical Products (“GSP”) compliance system, AI medication safety,
     prescription reviews, consultation quality controls and other intelligent auxiliary quality control tools to safeguard
     product quality and medication safety. In terms of the supply chain, with the support of the distribution network of
     29 warehouses in 17 locations and the smart logistics strategy, the next-day delivery rate of direct sales
     pharmaceutical products reached 76%. With regard to customer service, the Group integrated three strategies of
     product intelligence, service efficiency, and user experience through the offering of specialized and 24/7 licensed
     pharmacist consultation services. This helped the Group achieve customer service efficiency and significantly elevated
                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   07




                                                                      MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


user satisfaction. For medical and healthcare services, as at the end of the Reporting Period, the number of annual
active users on Alipay healthcare channel has reached 690 million, representing an increase of 170 million as
compared with the number as at the end of the preceding financial year. As at March 31, 2022, nearly 160,000
licensed physicians, pharmacists and nutritionists have contracted with the Group and provided online health
consultation services, which represents an increase of more than 20,000 professionals (including those from Xiaolu
TCM) as compared with the number as at September 30, 2021. As at March 31, 2022, online consultation services
have reached an average of 300,000 consultations per day, representing an increase of 50,000 consultations per
day compared to half a year ago.

As the flagship healthcare platform of Alibaba Group Holding Limited (Alibaba Holding, together with its subsidiaries,
“Alibaba Group”), the Group has an unwavering commitment to the mission of “promoting healthy living of 120 years
for everyone”. The Group will continue to consolidate and strengthen existing business foundations in healthcare, and
explore innovative business models, foster new business ventures in the industry and prepare for the future to align
with the evolving needs of its customers. The Group hopes that, with its relentless efforts and dedication to Internet
and life science technologies in the next decade and beyond, it can engage in the whole process of users’ lives at
an early stage, enabling them to live with vitality and dignity through “early prevention, early examination, early
detection, and early treatment” services on its platforms. To achieve this goal, the Group will utilize its leading digital
technology and digital operation capabilities, with “cloud-based infrastructure” as the foundation, “cloud-based
pharmacy” as the core, and “cloud-based hospital” as the engine to provide affordable, convenient, efficient and
reliable medical and healthcare services to hundreds of millions of families.

Pharmaceutical E-commerce Business

The customer-centric pharmaceutical e-commerce business of Alibaba Health fully makes use of its brand
advantages and resources accumulated over the years. By utilizing Internet of Things and other Internet technologies,
Alibaba Health is able to deploy its multi-channel business model integrating its pharmaceutical direct sales business,
Tmall’s Pharmaceutical Platform and new retail business to expand its collaboration with high-quality upstream
brands, pharmaceutical and healthcare supplement manufacturers and key domestic pharmaceutical distributors. The
objective is to provide an integrated online and offline healthcare management platform for users with health needs
through the innovation of the elements of persons, goods and venues to further nurture and develop buying
pharmaceutical products online as a consumer habit.

•    Pharmaceutical Direct Sales Business

      Adhering to the motto of “Comprehensive and Safer”, the Group’s pharmaceutical direct sales business is
      committed to build a “super pharmacy” offering a wide range of prescription drugs, OTC drugs, nutritional
      supplements, medical devices, contact lenses through user platforms, i.e. Tmall, Taobao, Alipay, UC, Taote,
      Ele.me, Kaola, to provide users with comprehensive, reliable and affordable healthcare solutions. During the
      Reporting Period, owing to the Group’s leading brand advantages, rich operational experience of the teams
      and their efficient execution capabilities, the pharmaceutical direct sales business achieved a revenue of
      RMB17,911.1 million, representing a year-on-year increase of 35.5%. Specifically, the revenue generated from
      prescription drug business increased by 105.2%. As at March 31, 2022, the number of annual active users
      (those who made one or more actual purchase(s) in our direct online stores in the past 12 months) of the
      direct online stores has reached over 110 million.
08   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


           During the Reporting Period, the Group’s pharmaceutical direct sales business has formed in-depth
           cooperation with hundreds of well-known pharmaceutical companies, including Bayer and Eisai China, and
           leveraged on Alibaba Health’s digital advantages to reach targeted customers across the whole chain and
           through all-round channels and provide consumers with safe and reliable medication and healthcare services
           with efficiency. Several leading pharmaceutical companies, including Roche China, Qilu Pharmaceutical, and
           Youcare Pharmaceutical, have launched their new drug products in Alibaba Health’s direct sales drugstores. In
           the field of prescription drugs, the Group’s pharmaceutical direct sales business has set up 15 direct sales
           healthcare centers in collaboration with pharmaceutical companies, targeting cardiovascular, endocrinal and
           other disease categories. Through the integration of quality “pharmaceutical + services” resources, the Group
           focuses on delivering professional and affordable one-stop digitalized healthcare and pharmaceutical services
           online, such as expert consultation, medication usage guidance, healthcare education and health-related
           products. During the Reporting Period, the number of non-pharmaceutical users increased 117% year-on-year.
           The Group realized in-depth strategic cooperation with thousands of brands and successfully fostered sales
           increase for brands such as Yunnan Baiyao and Sunflower.

           During the Reporting Period, the Group actively developed services capability infrastructure in quality control,
           warehousing, logistics and customer services. In terms of quality control, the Group implemented a product
           operation management platform, a GSP compliance system, AI medication safety, prescription reviews,
           consultation quality controls and other intelligent auxiliary quality control tools to safeguard product quality and
           medication safety. In terms of warehousing and logistics, the Group featured a distribution network of 29
           warehouses in 17 locations and a smart logistics strategy center. This has enabled next-day delivery services of
           direct sales pharmaceutical products, including delivery of new specialty drugs requiring cold chain
           transportation, in over 210 cities nationwide with next-day delivery rate reaching 76%. The Group integrates
           three key strategies in product intelligence, service efficiency and user experience to enhance customer service.
           Service includes specialized and 24/7 licensed pharmacist consultation services, which has led to significant
           improvement in achieving customer service efficiency and significantly elevating user satisfaction.

     •     Pharmaceutical E-Commerce Platform Business — Tmall’s Pharmaceutical Platform

           As a leading pharmaceutical and healthcare products service platform in China, Alibaba Health’s
           pharmaceutical e-commerce platform possesses the most comprehensive product catalog in terms of SKUs,
           and boasts the safest and the most reliable sales process. During the Reporting Period, the pharmaceutical
           e-commerce platform has been able to diversify the product offering, as evidenced by the continuous rapid
           growth in the number of merchants and SKUs. As at the end of the Reporting Period, Alibaba Health served
           over 26,000 merchants, an addition of 1,000 compared to half a year ago. The number of SKUs also
           increased significantly from half a year ago by 4 million to the current level of over 44 million.

           The Group is committed to enabling merchants in different product categories to meet the diversified needs of
           consumers and further solidifying and enhancing the platform’s influence in the industry. In terms of
           pharmaceutical services, the platform focuses on specialty drug product categories by offering quality
           pharmaceutical services with increased product category offerings and enhancing cold chain logistic
           capabilities. The platform continues to actively promote the upgrade of TCM business models by enriching the
           two major business segments of TCM treatment and TCM novel therapy. By helping pharmacies and TCM
           pharmaceutical companies, Tmall’s healthcare platform acts as the stronghold to meet nationwide TCM
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   09




                                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     demand of users. In the non-pharmaceutical categories, the Group focuses on consumer refinement operation
     and deepens the connection between brands and users by introducing a series of trending product categories
     to the platform, such as probiotics, color contact lenses, moxibustion and bird’s nest. For the elderly users,
     Alibaba Health made age-appropriate changes to the health management scenarios to enhance the efficiency
     and quality of homecare services for senior users by launching a “Guide on Using Healthcare Devices”.

•    Pharmaceutical E-commerce Platform Business — New Retail Model

     Alibaba Health focuses on developing the medical insurance business with the objective of “making medical
     insurance accessible to everyone”. The Group’s experience and expertise have helped form partnerships with
     numerous local healthcare institutions and medical insurance providers to enable online payment with the
     support of Alipay’s leading payment technology. During the Reporting Period, we launched a series of
     multi-model and multi-payment channel online and offline drug purchase pilot programs (covered by the
     national medical insurance) in 23 cities and continued to enhance convenient medical consultation and drug
     purchase experiences for insured members.

Healthcare and Digital Services Business

During the Reporting Period, the Group has continued to cultivate its expertise and offerings in the “Internet +
Healthcare” sector and continued to upgrade its healthcare service experience, and stepped up its efforts in the
construction of Internet hospitals and key departments of Chinese and Western medicine to provide users with
seamless online-to-offline operation of appropriate services including TCM, medical checkups, nucleic acid testing,
medical consultation, registration, vaccination, dental care, mental care, optometry, and nursing. By leveraging on its
resources and strong capabilities, the Group is able to harvest the user traffic from Alibaba’s ecosystem to offer
multi-level, diversified, professional and convenient medical and healthcare services to end users from channels
including Taobao, Tmall, Alipay, “Dr. Deer” APP, Gaode, DingTalk and Quark. As at March 31, 2022, the number of
annual active users on Alipay’s healthcare channel has surpassed 690 million, representing an increase of 170 million
year-on-year. As at March 31, 2022, nearly 160,000 licensed physicians, pharmacists, nutritionists have contracted
with the Group and provided online health consultation services, which represents an increase of more than 20,000
professionals as compared with the number as at September 30, 2021 (including those from Xiaolu TCM). Online
consultation services have reached an average of 300,000 consultations per day. During the Reporting Period,
revenue generated from the healthcare and digital services business was approximately RMB670.2 million,
representing an increase of 98.9% year-on-year.

•    Healthcare Services

     By leveraging its accumulated technologies, channels, and operational advantages, Alibaba Health utilizes
     Internet hospitals as a network with abundant and quality medical practitioner resources to provide chronic
     disease patients with comprehensive healthcare services at their fingertips through the offering of online
     consultation, prescription refill, discounted medication, chronic disease management, follow-up visits, user
     education, and other services. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the number of chronic disease users
     reached 6.5 million, representing an increase of 119% year-on-year, with the per capita length of medication
     use and repurchase rate continuously on the rise.
10   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


           Alibaba Health continued to offer users from “Dr. Deer” APP, Tmall, Alipay, Gaode and DingTalk with
           consumer-grade and professional/medical-grade tests and vaccination and other services. As at the end of the
           Reporting Period, the Group’s testing services have served nearly 3 million users. The Group also cooperated
           with medical checkup experts to launch standardized medical checkup services for seven major customer
           groups, including young/middle-aged, middle-aged/elderly and female. These medical checkup services have
           covered nearly 700 hospitals in more than 140 cities. During the Reporting Period, we worked with thousands
           of vaccination providers and provided millions of vaccine appointments and reservations. As at March 31,
           2022, the number of monthly active users of the “Dr. Deer” APP exceeded 3.2 million.

           In terms of the medical appointment services, the Group has continued to expand the supply of appointment
           sources and improve the quality of appointment sources in order to further enhance the appointment success
           rate and to assist patients in making informed medical decisions. As at March 31, 2022, the Group’s
           established network covered nearly 6,000 hospitals, of which over 80% are Grade III Class A hospitals. In
           terms of infrastructure, the Group also established a network of nearly 1 million doctors and the success rate
           of making hospital appointments continues to rise steadily.

           In terms of the TCM services, Xiaolu TCM has continued to focus on creating values for its users, adhering to
           the concept of “reliable Chinese medicine”. Driven by favorable industry policies and the increasing demand for
           TCM, the Group has, by leveraging its accumulated technical advantages and proven operational capability,
           further improved its drug supply service network, enriched its healthcare product and service offerings and
           enhanced customer experience. As at the end of the Reporting Period, Xiaolu TCM had 76,000 registered
           TCM practitioners, serving a total of nearly 10 million patients.

     •     Digital Tracking Business

           During the Reporting Period, the Group’s proprietary “Ma Shang Fang Xin”^ (碼上放心) tracking platform
           business continued to maintain a steady pace of development. As a pioneer in the field of drug tracking,
           Alibaba Health actively responded to the national drug tracking policy by providing pharmaceutical enterprises,
           distributors, healthcare institutions and retail terminal pharmacies with safe and convenient compliance solutions
           and expanding on more value-added services. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the number of partnered
           companies on the “Ma Shang Fang Xin” tracking platform increased by over 200% year-on-year. In addition to
           our focus on the field of pharmaceuticals, during the Reporting Period, the “Ma Shang Fang Xin” platform has
           also achieved rapid development in the tracking services of many consumer goods such as TCM supplements,
           agricultural products and imported goods. We have fully leveraged our capabilities in pharmaceutical traceability
           and digital marketing to provide users with a diverse range of services from tracking, anti-counterfeiting,
           channel management to private domain operation.
                                                                  ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   11




                                                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Public Service

In order to strengthen the clinical capacity of county-level hospitals and improve the clinical skills of local doctors,
Alibaba Health Philanthropy, together with Alibaba Foundation, launched the “Join Us for Training on Yi Die Gu”^ (醫
蝶谷一起學) training program. The Group also cooperated with China Association of County Hospital President,
Beijing Ling Feng Foundation and Chinese Red Cross Foundation to provide free access to medical knowledge and
skill training for grassroots doctors in less developed countries, so as to improve their ability to diagnose common
illnesses and frequently-occurring disease, identify critical illness at its early stage, treat patients with serious diseases
and provide emergency care. As at March 31, 2022, the program covered nearly 10,000 local doctors from over
420 county hospitals with a total of 70,000 training attendances.

“Xiao Lu Lantern” (小鹿燈) Children’s Serious Disease Relief Platform was jointly initiated by governments at all levels,
renowned medical units, medical experts, authoritative public welfare organizations, and supported by Alibaba Health
Philanthropy, Alibaba’s caring business merchants and Alibaba Foundation. The platform serves the less developed
regions in China by working with the state healthcare providers. It provides access to medical care for families caring
for children with serious illnesses and difficulties, connects them with high-quality medical resources and helps
alleviate their financial burden of medical treatment, as well as costs associated with them receiving medical
treatment in other places, which include travel and accommodation costs. By addressing the lack of information,
healthcare resources and financial means, this platform has allowed numerous children to receive timely diagnosis
and treatment. As at March 31, 2022, the platform held 18 volunteer medical consultations covering over 200 towns
in 17 counties and 11 provinces. Over 3,000 children received preliminary screenings, of which more than 300 had
obtained medical and financial assistance.

Dealing with the lingering COVID-19 pandemic, Alibaba Health launched an online volunteer medical consultation
campaign. Thousands of doctors trained in western medicine and TCM actively responded to our call, as they
collaborated in a concerted effort to serve a wide range of consultation needs of patients who were unable to leave
home. We also integrated the resources of Alibaba Health Pharmacy and merchants on the Tmall Platform to launch
a “COVID-19 Zone”, offering quick access to chronic disease medicines, common medicines, as well as personal
protection equipment such as masks and rapid antigen test kits. We also donated masks and other anti-epidemic
items to frontline healthcare workers. Amid the COVID-19 outbreak in Shanghai, obstetricians and gynaecologists
provided online pregnancy advisory services to pregnant mothers through Alibaba Health. Some of these doctors
helped more than 300 pregnant women online in one month. In addition, after receiving urgent requests for help
from Shanghai families caring for children with rare diseases, we cooperated with our partners to deliver infant
formula for special medical purposes to those children who are 1,300 kilometers away, in order to meet their
pressing needs.
12   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Ecosystem Collaboration

     In the field of cancer screening, Alibaba Health has joined hands with Landing Medical to launch a new model of
     clinical tumor diagnostic services which provides high-quality and timely online and offline cancer screening solutions
     for medical institutions in target cities. This allows AI diagnostic technology to play a more important role in early
     screening and rapid diagnosis of high-incidence tumors. Leveraging on its accumulated quality resources, channels
     and capabilities, the Group has been exploring and experimenting with cancer screening products. In the digital
     medical services field, the “hospitals of the future” information system jointly built by Alibaba Health and Seenew
     Medical assisted the First Affiliated Hospital — Zhejiang University School of Medicine with the “cloud migration” of its
     four clinical centers. By transferring its core information system online, the hospital was able to achieve the free flow
     of information among the four clinical centers. This has significantly improved the operational efficiency and service
     quality of the hospital. Patients are now able to enjoy the benefits of intelligent diagnosis and treatment without going
     through the hassles of traditional medical care processes. In the post-pandemic prevention and control era, the
     Group intends to make full use of its expertise and resources in cloud computing, so as to further enhance the
     digital infrastructure of the “big health industry”.

     Future Prospects

     As the vanguard of the “Internet + Healthcare” industry that regards the well-being of people as its mission, Alibaba
     Health will continue to adhere to its intention of providing healthcare services through the Internet and to place user
     value as its priority. As Alibaba Health pushes for healthcare innovation through Internet technologies, we will work
     closely with our partners from the Alibaba ecosystem to provide quality health care services to users nationwide.

     In the pharmaceutical e-commerce business, the Group will make full use of its brand advantages and operational
     experience to acquire new users and new product categories to satisfy consumers’ diverse demand. With the
     implementation of drug profit control and zero-profit drug policy for public medical institutions, there will be more
     room for development for the out-of-hospital market. By promoting the comprehensive centralized procurement model
     and making hospital prescriptions available to the public, the Group will continuously expand user scale and doctor
     supply, as well as improvement on business operation, logistics system, pharmacist services to provide better
     customer purchase experience and pharmaceutical services, so as to bring new development opportunities for
     pharmaceutical companies. The Group will continue to improve the standardization of our platform for drug
     purchases and to introduce more medical insurance merchants to our platform users.

     The Group will continue to explore and practise in the healthcare services industry and enhance its professional
     healthcare service capabilities. In the coming financial year, the Group will continue to expand the vaccine supply
     services and improve the whole chain of experience before, during and after vaccination. Moreover, the Group will
     continue exploration in the field of medical care localization and provide multi-level and diversified medical and
     healthcare services to users by improving the efficiency and quality of its services and utilizing its technological
     strengths.
                                                                  ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   13




                                                                       MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


By focusing on the healthcare needs of the users, the Group will build a one-stop medical and healthcare system
that combines both online and offline services. As the Group strengthens its existing pharmaceutical e-commerce
business, it will actively explore innovative service models for Internet healthcare, with “cloud-based infrastructure” as
the foundation, “cloud-based pharmacy” as the core, and “cloud-based hospital” as the engine to provide affordable,
convenient, efficient and reliable medical and healthcare services to thousands of millions of families throughout their
medical and healthcare journey.

FINANCIAL REVIEW

The key financial figures of the Group for the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 are summarized as follows:

                                                                              2022                   2021                Change
                                                                         RMB’000                RMB’000                        %


Revenue                                                                20,577,616             15,518,468                    32.6
Gross profit                                                             4,107,993             3,617,249                    13.6
Gross profit margin                                                          20.0%                 23.3%                     N/A
Fulfillment                                                             (2,097,287)            (1,619,459)                  29.5
Sales and marketing expenses                                            (1,981,279)            (1,222,008)                  62.1
Administrative expenses                                                   (395,082)              (293,595)                  34.6
Product development expenses                                              (728,828)              (423,632)                  72.0
Other income and gains                                                     899,494               405,828                   121.6
Share of losses of associates                                              (46,889)               (26,857)                  74.6
Income tax expenses                                                        (13,427)               (58,539)                  (77.1)
(Loss)/Profit for the year                                                (265,941)              342,680                     N/A
NON-HKFRS ADJUSTMENTS
Adjusted net (loss)/profit                                                (394,259)              630,663                     N/A

—     Revenue

      Revenue of the Group for the year ended March 31, 2022 amounted to RMB20,577,616,000, representing an
      increase of RMB5,059,148,000 or 32.6% as compared with RMB15,518,468,000 for the year ended March
      31, 2021. The increase in revenue was mainly attributable to the rapid growth in revenue from the
      pharmaceutical direct sales business and healthcare and digital services business during the Reporting Period.

      —       Pharmaceutical Direct Sales Business

               The pharmaceutical direct sales business of the Group comprises the direct B2C retail, related
               advertisement business and the B2B centralized procurement and distribution business. During the
               Reporting Period, the overall revenue from pharmaceutical direct sales business reached
               RMB17,911,088,000, representing a year-on-year increase of 35.5%. The rapid growth in revenue was
               mainly attributable to (i) the continual addition to the categories of goods sold through the Group’s direct
               B2C retail and SKUs; (ii) the optimization of the customer purchase experience by upgrading customer
               service products and enhancing supply chain capabilities to significantly improve conversion rate of
14   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


                  medication consultation and delivery timeliness; (iii) the accelerated business deployment of the
                  prescription drug business, enrich SKUs selection for prescription drugs, strengthen cooperation with
                  pharmaceutical companies, optimize the online process for the purchase of prescription drugs and
                  expand the sales volume of prescription drugs; and (iv) ongoing cooperation with well-known
                  pharmaceutical companies to help them reach more customers and boost their sales with the Group’s
                  digital marketing capability.

           —      Pharmaceutical E-commerce Platform Business

                  The pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business of the Group comprises the e-commerce platform
                  business (relating to, among others, pharmaceutical products, health food, medical devices, sexual health
                  and family planning products, contact lenses, and medical and healthcare service categories) acquired
                  from Alibaba Group and the business of providing outsourced services to Tmall’s Pharmaceutical Platform
                  (in respect of categories other than those that have already been acquired) and the new pharmaceutical
                  retail business. During the Reporting Period, the total revenue of the above businesses amounted to
                  RMB1,996,332,000, representing a year-on-year increase of 1.6%.

           —      Healthcare and Digital Services Business

                  During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to penetrate the areas of Internet healthcare and
                  healthcare service, and leveraged on the ability of Alibaba’s ecosystem to acquire user traffic, offer multi-
                  level, diversified, professional and convenient medical and healthcare services, including medical
                  checkups, nucleic acid testing, medical consultation, registration, vaccination and TCM, to end users from
                  channels including Taobao, Tmall, Alipay, “Dr. Deer” APP, Gaode, DingTalk and Quark, with seamless
                  online-to-offline operation. Digital services business includes tracking business. “Ma Shang Fang Xin”^, the
                  Group’s proprietary tracking platform reported steady growth and in addition to offering more value-
                  added services, it further expanded to the area of distribution, increasing the coverage of retail terminals.
                  During the Reporting Period, the Group recorded revenue from the healthcare and digital services
                  business of RMB670,196,000, representing a year-on-year growth of 98.9%.

                  A revenue of RMB222,940,000 was recorded from the Group’s acquisition of Xiaolu TCM during the
                  Reporting Period, which was included in the healthcare and digital services business.

     —     Gross profit and gross profit margin

           The Group recorded gross profit for the year ended March 31, 2022 of RMB4,107,993,000, representing an
           increase of RMB490,744,000 or 13.6% from RMB3,617,249,000 for the preceding financial year. Gross profit
           margin for the year ended March 31, 2022 was 20.0%, representing a reduction as compared with 23.3% for
           the preceding financial year. This was mainly attributable to the following reasons: (i) a decrease in the
           proportion of revenue from pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business which has higher gross profit; (ii) a
           decrease in the gross profit margin of the pharmaceutical direct sales business as a result of the increase in
           the Group’s market share of online B2C pharmaceutical sales for the Reporting Period; and (iii) a significant
           growth of prescription drug business with lower gross profit margin and increase in its proportion of revenue as
           a result of the Group’s accelerated business deployment of prescription drug business for the Reporting
           Period.
                                                            ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   15




                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


—   Other income and gains

    Other income and gains for the year ended March 31, 2022 amounted to RMB899,494,000, representing an
    increase of RMB493,666,000 or 121.6% as compared with RMB405,828,000 for the preceding financial year.
    This was mainly due to the gain on deemed disposal of interests in associates and fair value gains on financial
    assets at FVPL during the Reporting Period. In particular, the investment in Guizhou Ensure Pharmacy
    Company Limited^ (貴州一樹藥業股份有限公司) was reclassified from an investment in an associate to financial
    assets at FVPL in the Reporting Period, which resulted in the recognition of the gain on deemed disposal of
    interests in associates amounted to RMB307,797,000, while the financial assets at FVPL mainly represented the
    gain on changes in fair value of RMB379,016,000 recognized by Shandong ShuYu Civilian Pharmacy Corp.
    Ltd.^ (山東漱玉平民大藥房連鎖股份有限公司) and the loss on changes in fair value of RMB258,917,000
    recognized by Guizhou Ensure Pharmacy Company Limited^ (貴州一樹藥業股份有限公司).

—   Fulfillment

    Warehousing, logistics and customer service expenses, commissions on the Tmall Platform, payment of
    handling fees and relevant staff costs incurred by the Group’s pharmaceutical direct sales business were
    included in fulfillment costs. Fulfillment costs for the year ended March 31, 2022 amounted to
    RMB2,097,287,000, representing an increase of RMB477,828,000 or 29.5% from RMB1,619,459,000 for the
    preceding financial year. Such increase was mainly due to the growth in revenue of the pharmaceutical direct
    sales business. During the Reporting Period, fulfillment costs accounted for 11.7% of the revenue from
    pharmaceutical direct sales business, and this percentage decreased by approximately 0.6 percentage points
    as compared with 12.3% for the preceding financial year, which reflected the enhancement of operating
    efficiency of the Group in respect of warehousing, logistics and customer services.

—   Sales and marketing expenses

    Sales and marketing expenses for the year ended March 31, 2022 amounted to RMB1,981,279,000,
    representing an increase of RMB759,271,000 or 62.1% as compared with RMB1,222,008,000 for the
    preceding financial year. Such increase was mainly due to (i) the Group’s increasing investment in building the
    brand awareness of Tmall’s Pharmaceutical Platform and Alibaba Health Pharmacy; (ii) the increase in the
    deployment of corresponding market resources to increase its market share of online B2C drug sales, and
    accelerate business deployment of prescription drug business; and (iii) the increase in the headcount of its
    sales and operation functions, as well as operation personnel for Neighborhood Healthcare, the “Dr. Deer” APP
    and other innovative business segments.

—   Administrative expenses

    Administrative expenses for the year ended March 31, 2022 amounted to RMB395,082,000, representing an
    increase of RMB101,487,000 or 34.6% as compared with RMB293,595,000 for the preceding financial year.
    Such increase was mainly attributable to the business growth which led to an increase in relevant management
    personnel costs, back-end supporting costs, shared service costs, and professional costs. Administrative
    expenses as a percent of the Group’s total revenue was similar to that of the preceding financial year.
16   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     —     Product development expenses

           Product development expenses for the year ended March 31, 2022 amounted to RMB728,828,000,
           representing an increase of RMB305,196,000 or 72.0% as compared with RMB423,632,000 for the preceding
           financial year. Such increase was mainly due to the Group’s continuous investment in personnel of the
           Company’s research and development function. During the Reporting Period, the Group enhanced investment
           in technological research and development in the areas of operation refinement in the Group’s pharmaceutical
           direct sales business, customer experiences in prescription refills and regulatory compliance and safety of
           prescription drugs as well as the continuous recruitment of more information technology engineers to further
           invest in capacity-building for the intelligent supply chain and the continuous investment in medical and
           healthcare services products such as the “Dr. Deer” APP.

     —     Share of losses of associates

           The Group actively invests in the healthcare segment. The Group’s share of losses of associates for the
           Reporting Period amounted to RMB46,889,000, representing an increase of RMB20,032,000 as compared with
           the losses of RMB26,857,000 recorded for the preceding financial year. The share of losses of associates for
           the year was mainly attributable to the delayed progress of projects of certain associates of the Group
           providing services to hospitals due to the impact of COVID-19, and the fact that some associates were still at
           the transformation or growing stage.

     —     Non-Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standard indicator in relation to profit/loss for the year: Adjusted
           net profit/loss

           The Group’s loss for the year ended March 31, 2022 amounted to RMB265,941,000, as compared with profit
           of RMB342,680,000 for the preceding financial year. The Group’s adjusted net loss for the year ended March
           31, 2022 amounted to RMB394,259,000, as compared with adjusted net profit of RMB630,663,000 for the
           corresponding period of the preceding year. Adjusted net profit/(loss) is based on the profit/(loss) for the
           corresponding period after excluding non-operating profit or loss items such as share-based compensation
           expenses, change in fair value of financial assets at FVPL (non-current portion), gain or loss on disposal of
           subsidiaries (net of tax), and gain or loss on deemed disposal of associates (net of tax). The adjusted net loss
           for the Reporting Period was mainly attributable to: (i) a decrease in operating margin of the Group’s
           pharmaceutical direct sales business as the Group increased its market share of online B2C drug sales,
           accelerated business deployment of prescription drug business and increased the deployment of corresponding
           market resources; (ii) the continuous investment in technological research and development in the areas of drug
           supply chain capabilities, including drug storage and logistics, as well as operation refinement in the Group’s
           pharmaceutical direct sales business, customer experiences in prescription refills and regulatory compliance and
           safety of prescription drugs during the Reporting Period; (iii) the Group’s increasing investment in building the
           brand awareness of Tmall’s Pharmaceutical Platform and Alibaba Health Pharmacy; and (iv) an increase in the
           deployment of the Group’s resources in innovative business areas.
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   17




                                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     To supplement the Group’s consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with HKFRS, the Group
     has also reported its adjusted net profit/(loss), which is not required under, or presented in accordance with,
     HKFRSs, as an additional financial indicator. We are of the view that presenting the non-HKFRS indicator
     together with the relevant HKFRS indicator will help investors to better compare our operational performance
     across various periods, without the potential impact of items which our management considers as not
     indicative of our operational performance. We believe that the non-HKFRS indicator provides investors and
     other individuals with helpful information to understand and assess our consolidated operational results in the
     same way that our management does. However, the adjusted net profit/(loss) we presented may not be
     comparable with similar indicators presented by other companies. Such non-HKFRS indicator has its limitations
     as an analytical tool, and it should not be regarded as being independent from the operational results or
     financial position presented according to HKFRSs, or as an alternative to analyze the relevant operational
     results or financial position. In addition, the definition of such non-HKFRS indicator may vary from those
     applied in other companies.

     The adjusted net profit/loss for the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 set out in the table below
     represents adjustments to the most direct and comparable financial indicator calculated and presented in
     accordance with HKFRSs (i.e. profit/loss for the year):

                                                                                              For the year ended
                                                                                                    March 31,
                                                                                                  2022                   2021
                                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000


     (Loss)/profit for the year                                                               (265,941)              342,680
     Excluding
     — Share-based compensation                                                               408,098                396,959
     — Fair value gains on financial assets at FVPL, net of tax                               (155,024)               (46,704)
     — Gain on deemed disposal of interests in associates, net of tax                         (381,392)                (9,316)
     — Gain on disposal of a subsidiary, net of tax                                                 —                 (52,956)


     Adjusted net (loss)/profit                                                               (394,259)              630,663


FINANCIAL RESOURCES, LIQUIDITY AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE EXPOSURES

As at March 31, 2022, we meet our cash requirements primarily through cash generated from operating activities.
Cash and cash equivalents of the Group represent cash and bank balances. As at March 31, 2022 and March 31,
2021, the Group had cash and cash equivalents of RMB10,547,851,000 and RMB11,636,769,000, respectively.
18   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     Cash flows of the Group for the years ended March 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows:

                                                                                           For the year ended
                                                                                                March 31,
                                                                                               2022               2021
                                                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000


     Net cash flows generated from operating activities                                     424,363          1,009,427
     Net cash flows generated from/(used in) investing activities                         1,872,308         (4,961,484)
     Net cash flows (used in)/generated from financing activities                           (58,628)         8,922,408
     Net increase in cash and cash equivalents                                            2,238,043          4,970,351
     Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                               7,252,275          2,594,981
     Effects of foreign exchange rate changes                                              (148,891)          (313,057)
     Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                     9,341,427          7,252,275
     Non-pledged time deposits with a holding period of over three months                 1,206,424          4,384,494


     Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year as stated in the consolidated
         financial statements                                                            10,547,851         11,636,769


     —     Net cash flows generated from operating activities

           For the year ended March 31, 2022, net cash flows generated from operating activities amounted to
           RMB424,363,000, which was primarily attributable to our loss before income tax from continuing operations of
           RMB252,514,000, as adjusted by: (i) non-cash or non-operating activities expense items, which primarily
           comprised addition of share-based compensation expenses of RMB408,098,000, and deduction of gain on
           financial assets at FVPL of RMB162,062,000, gain on deemed disposal of interests in associates of
           RMB381,392,000, and bank and other interest income of RMB209,664,000; (ii) changes in working capital,
           which primarily comprised an increase in trade and bills payables of RMB959,570,000, an increase in other
           payables and accruals of RMB173,299,000, an increase in prepayments, other receivables and other assets of
           RMB165,583,000, an increase in inventories of RMB129,200,000, and an increase in trade receivables of
           RMB201,983,000; and (iii) addition of interest received of RMB241,446,000.

     —     Net cash flows generated from investing activities

           For the year ended March 31, 2022, net cash generated from investing activities was RMB1,872,308,000,
           which was primarily attributable to the redemption of time deposits of over three months of
           RMB3,178,070,000, the net cash used in acquisition activities of RMB815,597,000, the net cash used in the
           purchase of financial assets at FVPL of RMB355,000,000, and net cash used in capital injection in associates
           of RMB59,700,000 during the Reporting Period.
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   19




                                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


—    Net cash flows used in financing activities

     For the year ended March 31, 2022, net cash flows used in financing activities was RMB58,628,000, which
     was primarily attributable to the principal portion of lease payments of RMB47,012,000 during the Reporting
     Period.

—    Gearing ratio

     As at March 31, 2022, the Group did not have any borrowings, and hence no gearing ratio was shown
     (March 31, 2021: Nil). As at March 31, 2022, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities and
     had not pledged any Group assets for bank loans and banking facilities. The Group’s operations and
     transactions are principally conducted in the PRC. The Group prudently managed its treasury functions and
     maintained a healthy liquidity position throughout the year ended March 31, 2022. The Board closely monitors
     the Group’s liquidity position to ensure that the liquidity structure of our assets, liabilities and other
     commitments can meet the Group’s funding requirements from time to time. Other than a certain amount of
     bank balances and cash, most of the Group’s bank balances and cash are placed in fixed deposits and are
     denominated in Hong Kong dollars, Renminbi and United States dollars, while other assets and liabilities are
     mainly denominated in either Hong Kong dollars or Renminbi. The Group changed its presentation currency
     from Hong Kong dollars to Renminbi starting from the year ended March 31, 2016 to better reflect its
     operations in the PRC and to be consistent with the internal reporting portfolio reviewed by the Directors. The
     Group does not have foreign exchange hedging policy, but the management will continue to closely monitor
     exchange rate fluctuations and will take appropriate measures to keep foreign exchange risk exposure to the
     minimum. The Group does not use any financial instruments for hedging purposes.

EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICIES

The number of full-time employees of the Group as at March 31, 2022 was 1,849 (March 31, 2021: 1,033). Total
staff costs of the Group for the year ended March 31, 2022 amounted to RMB1,303.2 million (For the year ended
March 31, 2021: RMB934.7 million). All staff employed by the Group in Hong Kong participated in the Mandatory
Provident Fund Scheme.

The Group’s policy is to maintain a competitive pay structure and employees are rewarded based on their
performance.

The Group has also adopted a share award scheme as approved by the shareholders of the Company (the
“Shareholders”) on November 24, 2014 (the “Share Award Scheme”). Pursuant to the Share Award Scheme, the
Board may grant awards in the form of restricted share units (“RSUs”) or options to eligible participants, including the
Directors, the directors of the Company’s subsidiaries, the employees of the Group or any other persons who, as
determined by the Board in its absolute discretion, have contributed or will contribute to the Group.
20   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


     SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS, MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES
     AND JOINT VENTURES

     Investment

     The Group engaged in trading of short-term and liquid investments and financial assets ranging from unit trusts,
     structured deposits and other wealth management during the Reporting Period in accordance with its treasury policy
     initially adopted in June 2015 to utilize surplus cash reserves for treasury management purpose. The Company’s
     treasury policy sets out the selection guidelines and relevant approval procedures for acceptable short-term
     investments and financial assets with reference to its risk management policy. According to such treasury policy, the
     Company invests in products including non-equity financial asset investments with strong liquidity which can be
     realized either at any time or within a short period of time. Such investments shall be subscribed from financial
     institutions in the approved list, which shall be reviewed every two years. During the Reporting Period, such financial
     institutions included various branches of the China Merchant Bank, Bank of Ningbo, China Citic Bank, Pudong
     Development Bank, Minsheng Bank, Bank of China and Ping An Bank. According to the Company’s prevailing
     approval procedures, any investment decision related to financial assets shall be approved by the financial and
     treasury manager of the Company, and shall, depending on the size of the investment, be approved by the financial
     controller or chief financial officer. As at March 31, 2022, the Company did not have any short-term investment at
     FVPL (balance as at March 31, 2021: Nil).

     During the Reporting Period, the Group did not have any significant investments nor did the Group carry out any
     material acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   21




                                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT

The Board of Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited presents its report and the audited financial statements
for the year ended March 31, 2022.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The Company is an investment holding company and the Group is primarily engaged in the pharmaceutical direct
sales business, pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business and healthcare and digital services business.

BUSINESS REVIEW

Review of Business

A review of the Group’s business, including the principal risks and uncertainties faced by such business and its
possible future development are described under the paragraph headed “Business Review” in the section headed
“Management Discussion and Analysis” of this report on pages 6 to 20.

Analysis of Performance and Financial Position

The key financial figures and financial position of the Group for the year ended March 31, 2022 and the relevant
analysis are set out under the paragraphs headed “Financial Review” and “Financial Resources, Liquidity and Foreign
Exchange Exposures”, respectively, in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this report on
pages 6 to 20.

Environmental Policies and Performance

The Group is committed to promoting environmentally friendly business practices and raising awareness on the
conservation of natural resources. By utilizing intranet systems, our staff can accomplish some of their administrative
work electronically which reduces the use of office supplies. We also encourage prudent electricity consumption. Our
staff are advised to switch off any lights in unoccupied areas. We believe that taking active measures in minimizing
wasteful material and energy consumption in the course of conducting our business will not only bring economic
benefits but also assist in the preservation of the natural environment.
22   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     Compliance with Laws and Regulations

     The Group recognizes the importance of compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. Internal compliance and
     risk management policies and procedures are in place to ensure the Group’s adherence and compliance with all
     significant and applicable legal and regulatory requirements in Hong Kong and the PRC. For the year ended March
     31, 2022 and up to the date of this report, to the best knowledge of the Directors, the Group has complied in all
     material respects with the applicable laws and regulations of Hong Kong and the PRC which have a significant
     impact on the business and operations of the Group, including in respect of its principal businesses (namely the
     pharmaceutical direct sales business, pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business and healthcare and digital
     services business), its employment and labor practices and environmental protection, etc. The Group has also
     obtained all licenses, approvals and permits from the relevant regulatory authorities that are material for its business
     operations in the PRC.

     Relationships with Key Stakeholders

     The Group’s success depends on the support from the key stakeholders which include its employees, customers
     and suppliers.

     Employees

     Employees are regarded as the most important and valuable assets of the Group. The number of full-time employees
     of the Group as at March 31, 2022 was 1,849 (1,033 as at March 31, 2021). The Group’s policy is to maintain a
     competitive pay structure and employees are rewarded based on their performance and with appropriate incentives
     including cash bonuses and through the use of the Share Award Scheme, details of which are set out under the
     sub-section headed “Share Award Scheme” in this report.

     Customers

     The Group believes that effective communications are the key to maintaining a good relationship with its customers.
     Various means have been established to strengthen the communications between the Group and its customers,
     including seeking more regular feedback through direct engagement with customers and also through industry
     seminars and forums for better understanding of industry trends and demands. The Group continually strives to
     improve service quality and to provide better customer experience.

     Suppliers

     Sound relationships with key suppliers of the Group are important in managing the supply chain, meeting business
     challenges and complying with regulatory requirements, which can drive cost effectiveness and foster long-term
     business benefits. We seek to develop long-standing relationships with our key suppliers and to explore with them
     ways to improve supply chain efficiencies.

     RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS

     The Group’s financial performance for the year ended March 31, 2022 and the financial position of the Group as at
     that date are set out in the financial statements on pages 93 to 98.
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   23




                                                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT


The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended March 31, 2022 (for the year
ended March 31, 2021: Nil).

SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION

A summary of the published results and assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for the last five
financial years, as extracted from the audited financial statements and restated as appropriate, is set out on page
210. This summary does not form part of the audited financial statements.

SHARE CAPITAL, SHARE OPTIONS AND RSUS

Details of movements in the Company’s share capital, share options and RSUs during the year ended March 31,
2022 are set out in notes 28 to 29 to the consolidated financial statements.

PURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY

During the year ended March 31, 2022, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, redeemed or
sold any of the Company’s listed securities, except that a trustee of the Share Award Scheme purchased a total of
1,300,000 shares of the Company on the market to satisfy the share awards granted under the Share Award
Scheme to connected employees of the Company upon vesting.

ISSUE FOR CASH OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Placing of New Shares under General Mandate

On August 5, 2020, the Company entered into a placing agreement (the “Placing Agreement”) with Citigroup Global
Markets Limited and Credit Suisse (Hong Kong) Limited (the “Placing Agents”) in relation to the placing of an
aggregate of 498,753,118 new ordinary shares of the Company (the “Placing Share(s)”) at the placing price of
HK$20.05 per Placing Share (exclusive of brokerage, transaction levy of the Securities and Futures Commission and
trading fee of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) payable by the purchasers) (the
“Placing Price”) on the terms and conditions set out in the Placing Agreement (the “Placing”). The aggregate nominal
value of the Placing Shares was HK$4,987,531.18. The Placing Price of HK$20.05 per Placing Share represents (i) a
discount of approximately 8.03% to the closing price of HK$21.80 per share as quoted on the Stock Exchange on
August 4, 2020, being the last trading day immediately prior to the date of the Placing Agreement; and (ii) a
discount of approximately 6.18% to the average closing price of HK$21.37 per share as quoted on the Stock
Exchange for the last five consecutive trading days up to and including August 4, 2020, being the date immediately
prior to the date of the Placing Agreement. The aggregate net proceeds from the Placing was HK$9,964.2 million,
representing a net Placing Price of approximately HK$19.98 per Placing Share. As stated in the daily quotation
sheets issued by the Stock Exchange, on August 5, 2020, being the date which the Placing Agreement was entered
into, the closing price per share was HK$21.25. The Group conducted the Placing based on its insights into, and
optimism for the prospects of, the Internet healthcare industry, as well as the need for the Group to further develop
its healthcare business and continue its rapid development. The Group viewed the Placing as an opportunity for the
Group to raise capital while broadening its shareholder and capital base.
24   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     The Placing was completed on August 12, 2020 (the “Completion Date”), where a total of 498,753,118 new ordinary
     shares of the Company, representing approximately 3.71% of the total issued share capital of the Company as at the
     Completion Date (as enlarged by the allotment and issue of the Placing Shares), have been successfully placed to
     not less than six placees at a price of HK$20.05 per Placing Share who are professional, institutional and/or
     individual investors. The Placing Shares were allotted and issued under the general mandate granted by the
     Shareholders at the annual general meeting of the Company held on July 30, 2020.

     The aggregate gross proceeds from the Placing amount to approximately HK$10,000.0 million and the aggregate net
     proceeds (after deduction of the commissions and expenses relating to the Placing) from the Placing amount to
     approximately HK$9,964.2 million (the “Placing Net Proceeds”), representing a net issue price of approximately
     HK$19.98 per Placing Share. For further details of the Placing, please refer to the announcements of the Company
     dated August 5, 2020 and August 12, 2020 (the “Placing Announcements”).

     As at March 31, 2022, the Group had applied the Placing Net Proceeds as follows:

                                                                  Planned use of            Actual use of           Actual use of                            Expected timeframe of
                                                            Placing Net Proceeds     Placing Net Proceeds    Placing Net Proceeds                            the full utilization of
                                                              as disclosed in the      for the year ended      for the year ended      Unutilized Placing the unutilized Placing
     Use of Placing Net Proceeds                          Placing Announcements           March 31, 2021          March 31, 2022            Net Proceeds Net Proceeds(Note)


     Develop the Group’s pharmaceutical and                         Approximately         HK$906.3 million       HK$1,506.9 million   HK$5,558.2 million — March 31, 2024 —
        healthcare omni-channel business and                 HK$7,971.4 million —                                                       HK$6,554.6 million      March 31, 2027
        medical and healthcare services business                HK$8,967.8 million


     Further develop the Group’s digital infrastructure             Approximately         HK$116.6 million        HK$538.5 million     HK$341.3 million — March 31, 2024 —
        and innovative business                                HK$996.4 million —                                                       HK$1,337.7 million      March 31, 2027
                                                                HK$1,992.8 million


     Note:


     The Placing Net Proceeds have been and will be applied in the manner consistent with the use of proceeds as disclosed in the Placing
     Announcements. The expected timeframe for utilizing the Placing Net Proceeds is based on the best estimation of the future market conditions made
     by the Group as at the date of this report. It will be subject to change based on the current and future developments of market conditions. The
     Board considers that the expected timeline of the full utilization of the unutilized Placing Net Proceeds shall be within coming two to five years, which
     is from March 31, 2024 to March 31, 2027 having taken into account the recent market conditions and the business environment and development of
     the Group. Due to the fluctuation in the market conditions caused by the lingering COVID-19 pandemic, the Company will continue to closely monitor
     future developments in the market and economic environment in order to optimize the Group’s resources and timeframe for the application of the
     unutilized Placing Net Proceeds. The remaining unutilized portion of the Placing Net Proceeds has been deposited in reputable banks.
                                                                             ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   25




                                                                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT


Issue of New Shares under Specific Mandate

On July 12, 2019, a total of 302,976,000 ordinary shares (the “Subscription Shares”) of the Company were issued to
Ali JK Nutritional Products Holding Limited (“Ali JK”) and Antfin (Hong Kong) Holding Limited (“Antfin”) for a total cash
consideration of HK$2,272,320,000 (the “Subscription Net Proceeds”) at a net subscription price of approximately
HK$7.5 per share, pursuant to the subscription agreements (the “Subscription Agreements”) dated May 23, 2019
entered into by the Company with Ali JK and Antfin, respectively. Ali JK and Antfin are connected persons of the
Company. The aggregate nominal value of the Subscription Shares was HK$3,029,760. The transactions under the
Subscription Agreements (the “Subscriptions”) therefore constituted connected transactions of the Company in
accordance with the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited (the
“Listing Rules”). As stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange, on May 23, 2019 and July
12, 2019, being the date which the Subscription Agreements were entered into and the date of issue of the
Subscription Shares, respectively, the closing price per share was HK$7.58 and HK$7.15, respectively. The
Subscription Shares were allotted and issued under the specific mandate granted by the Shareholders at the special
general meeting of the Company held on July 10, 2019. The Subscriptions enabled the Group to raise funds for its
expanding business operations and to maintain a healthy cash position, while keeping its borrowings and the
corresponding interest expenses low. For further details of the Subscriptions, please refer to the announcement dated
May 23, 2019 and the circular (the “Subscription Circular”) dated June 24, 2019 of the Company.

As at March 31, 2022, the Group had applied the Subscription Net Proceeds as follows:

                                                         Planned use of              Actual Use of
                                                       Subscription Net               Subscription                      Expected timeframe
                                                            Proceeds as        Net Proceeds for             Unutilized for utilizing the
                                                        disclosed in the            the year ended        Subscription Subscription Net
Use of Subscription Net Proceeds                   Subscription Circular            March 31, 2022   Net Proceeds(Note) Proceeds


Repayment of loans for funding ongoing business        HK$1,136,160,000                        Nil                  Nil Not applicable
  operations and expansion and recruitment of
  personnel to develop Internet-based medical
  services and intelligent medicine services


Previous committed investments and investment            HK$568,080,000                        Nil                  Nil Not applicable
  projects under review


Future strategic investment opportunities                HK$568,080,000             HK$312,228,000                  Nil Not applicable


Note:   As at March 31, 2022, there were no unutilized Subscription Net Proceeds.
26   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     Save as disclosed above and the options exercised by the relevant grantees under the Share Award Scheme as
     disclosed in this report, the Company had not issued for cash any equity securities (including securities convertible
     into equity securities) for the Reporting Period and no other proceeds has been brought forward from any issue of
     securities for cash as at March 31, 2022.

     DEBENTURES

     During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company did not issue any debentures.

     EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

     During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company did not enter into any equity-linked agreements in respect of
     its shares.

     PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s bye-laws or the laws of Bermuda which would
     oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis to the existing Shareholders.

     DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

     The Company did not have any reserves available for distribution at the end of the Reporting Period. However, the
     Company’s share premium account, in the amount of approximately RMB43,499,897, may be distributed in the form
     of fully paid bonus shares.

     MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

     During the year ended March 31, 2022, sales to the Group’s five largest customers accounted for less than 30% of
     the total sales for the year, and purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for less than 30% of
     the total purchases for the year.

     ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE

     For the purpose of disclosing the environmental, social and governance (the “ESG”) information in accordance with
     the ESG Reporting Guide in Appendix 27 to the Listing Rules, the Company has engaged an external consultant to
     identify material ESG issues of the Group and assist in the reporting of the Group’s performance based on its ESG
     management approach, strategy, priorities and objectives. For details of the Company’s ESG policies and
     performance and its compliance with the relevant laws and regulations, please refer to the Company’s ESG report
     which will be published separately.
                                                             ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   27




                                                                                                DIRECTORS’ REPORT


DIRECTORS

The Directors during the year ended March 31, 2022 and up to the date of this report were:

Executive Directors:

Mr. ZHU Shunyan
Mr. TU Yanwu
Mr. SHEN Difan (appointed on October 13, 2021)

Non-executive Directors:

Mr. LI Faguang (appointed on October 13, 2021)
Mr. WU Yongming (resigned on October 13, 2021)
Mr. XU Hong (resigned on October 13, 2021)

Independent Non-executive Directors:

Mr. LUO Tong
Mr. WONG King On, Samuel
Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa)

Since the date of the annual report for the financial year ended March 31, 2021 published by the Company on May
25, 2021, the changes to the information which are required to be disclosed pursuant to paragraphs (a) to (e) and
(g) of Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules are as below:

Mr. WU Yongming and Mr. XU Hong have resigned as non-executive Directors, with effect from October 13, 2021.

Mr. SHEN Difan has been appointed as an executive Director and Mr. LI Faguang has been appointed as a
non-executive Director, with effect from October 13, 2021.

For further details of the latest biographical information of the Directors, please refer to the section headed
“Biographical Information of Directors and Senior Management”.

On November 24, 2021, the remuneration committee of the Company and the Board have considered and approved
the remuneration of Mr. Shen. Mr. Shen shall be entitled to receive a salary of RMB115,000 per month as chief
operation officer of the Company, but does not receive any remuneration for his position as an executive Director.
His remuneration as chief operation officer of the Company was determined with reference to his experience and
prevailing market rates. Under his employment contract, Mr. Shen is also entitled to discretionary bonuses paid out
either in the form of cash, RSUs or share options of the Company, which shall be determined by the Board based
on his performance as well as other allowances and benefits including but not limited to share-based compensation
expenses and pension scheme contributions.
28   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     In accordance with bye-law 83 and bye-law 84 of the bye-laws of the Company, Mr. ZHU Shunyan, Mr. SHEN Difan,
     Mr. LI Faguang, Mr. LUO Tong and Mr. WONG King On, Samuel will retire at the forthcoming annual general
     meeting of the Company (the “2022 AGM”). Mr. ZHU Shunyan, Mr. SHEN Difan, Mr. LI Faguang, Mr. LUO Tong and
     Mr. WONG King On, Samuel, being eligible, will offer themselves for re-election at the 2022 AGM.

     The non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors are appointed for a term of one year. Their
     appointment shall be renewable automatically for successive terms of one year each commencing from the next day
     after the expiry of the then current term of their appointment unless terminated by the Company in accordance with
     the terms of their appointment letters and the provisions of the bye-laws of the Company, respectively.

     During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, (i) the Company had three independent non-executive
     Directors representing at least one-third of the Board; and (ii) the composition of each of the Board, the audit
     committee (the “Audit Committee”) the remuneration committee (the “Remuneration Committee”) and the nomination
     committee (the “Nomination Committee”) of the Company was fully compliant with Rule 3.10(1), Rule 3.10A, Rule
     3.21, Rule 3.25 and Rule 3.27A of the Listing Rules. The Company received, from each of the independent
     non-executive Directors, an annual confirmation of his or her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing
     Rules.

     DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S BIOGRAPHIES

     Biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Group are set out on pages 61 to 63 of this
     report.

     DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

     No Director proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service contract with the
     Company which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation, other than
     statutory compensation.

     DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION

     The emoluments of the Directors are determined having regard to the Company’s operating results, individual
     performance and comparable market statistics. The details of the Directors’ emoluments are set out in note 7 to the
     consolidated financial statements in this report. During the year ended March 31, 2022, there was no arrangement
     under which a Director waived or agreed to waive any remuneration and no remuneration was paid by the Group to
     a Director as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

     The Directors are also eligible to be granted Share Awards under the Share Award Scheme. The details of the
     scheme are set out in note 29 to the consolidated financial statements.
                                                            ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   29




                                                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT


SHARE AWARD SCHEME

At the special general meeting of the Company held on November 24, 2014 (the “Adoption Date”), the Shareholders
approved the adoption of the Share Award Scheme. Unless terminated earlier by the Board, the Share Award
Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of ten years commencing on the Adoption Date. The Share Award
Scheme shall remain in effect until November 23, 2024. The validity period of the options granted under the Share
Award Scheme shall be ten years from the date of grant and the options shall lapse at the expiry of the validity
period.

Pursuant to the terms of the Share Award Scheme, the Board may, from time to time, at its absolute discretion and
subject to such terms and conditions as it may think fit (including the basis of eligibility of each employee
determined by the Board from time to time) select an employee or any other person for participation in the Share
Award Scheme and determine the number of Share Awards. The total number of shares in respect of which awards
may be granted under the Share Award Scheme and any other share award schemes of the Company shall not
exceed 3% of the shares in issue as at the Adoption Date (the “Scheme Mandate Limit”), or 3% of the shares in
issue as at the new approval date of the renewed Scheme Mandate Limit.

The specific mandate granted to the Board at the annual general meeting of the Company held on September 30,
2015 (the “2015 Specific Mandate”) to exercise all the powers of the Company to grant Share Awards lapsed at the
conclusion of the annual general meeting of the Company held on August 18, 2016. The specific mandate was
subsequently renewed by approval of the Shareholders at the annual general meetings of the Company held on
August 18, 2016 (the “2016 Specific Mandate”), July 26, 2017 (the “2017 Specific Mandate”), July 20, 2018 (the
“2018 Specific Mandate”), July 10, 2019 (the “2019 Specific Mandate”), July 30, 2020 (the “2020 Specific Mandate”)
and July 30, 2021 (the “2021 Specific Mandate”), respectively. The total number of shares underlying the Share
Awards granted which remained outstanding as at March 31, 2022 amounted to 76,544,138, of which 2,533,250
were granted pursuant to the 2015 Specific Mandate, 1,106,500 were granted pursuant to the 2016 Specific
Mandate, 4,394,000 were granted pursuant to the 2017 Specific Mandate, 7,884,392 were granted pursuant to the
2018 Specific Mandate, 20,865,919 were granted pursuant to the 2019 Specific Mandate, 24,660,512 were granted
pursuant to the 2020 Specific Mandate and 15,099,565 were granted pursuant to the 2021 Specific Mandate. As at
March 31, 2022 and the date of this report, Share Awards in respect of a total of 388,652,664 underlying shares,
which represent approximately 2.88% of the total issued shares as at March 31, 2022 and the date of this report,
remain available to be granted under the Share Award Scheme under the 2021 Specific Mandate.
30   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     Movements of the options and RSUs under the Share Award Scheme during the year ended March 31, 2022 are set
     out below:

                                                                                                                                                        Number of
                                                                                                                                                            shares
                                                 Number of                                                                                            represented
                                                     shares                                                                 Options or               by options or
                                            represented by                                                        Options RSUs lapsed/                       RSUs
                                           options or RSUs                               Granted                exercised    cancelled   RSUs vested outstanding
     Name of option holders/                outstanding as Date of grant/              during the   Exercise   during the       during        during as at March
     grantees of RSU         Nature         at April 1, 2021 conditional grant(15)           year      price       year(16)   the year      the year      31, 2022
                                                                                                      (HK$)

     Mr. ZHU Shunyan             Options          2,900,000   June 15, 2020(1)                 —      19.940           —            —              —     2,900,000
                                 RSUs               500,000   June 15, 2020                    —          —            —            —              —       500,000
                                 Options                 —    June 15, 2021(2)            421,250     18.212           —            —              —       421,250
                                 RSUs                    —    June 15, 2021               168,500         —            —            —              —       168,500
     Mr. TU Yanwu                RSUs                77,000   June 14, 2019                    —          —            —            —          38,500       38,500
                                 RSUs               770,000   September 18, 2019               —          —            —            —         385,000      385,000
                                 Options            145,000   June 15, 2020(1)                 —      19.940           —            —              —       145,000
                                 RSUs                58,000   June 15, 2020                    —          —            —            —          14,500       43,500
                                 Options                 —    June 15, 2021(2)             67,250     18.212           —            —              —        67,250
                                 RSUs                    —    June 15, 2021                26,900         —            —            —              —        26,900
     Employees of the Group Options                 508,000   September 7, 2015(3)             —       5.184           —            —              —       508,000
                                 Options            216,500   April 28, 2016(4)                —       5.320       29,250           —              —       187,250
                                 Options          2,379,750   July 29, 2016(5)                 —       5.558      465,500       76,250             —     1,838,000
                                 Options          1,047,500   February 2, 2017(6)              —       3.626      272,000           —              —       775,500
                                 Options            116,000   February 22, 2017(7)             —       3.610      116,000           —              —            —
                                 Options            854,250   June 14, 2017(8)                 —       3.902      523,250           —              —       331,000
                                 Options          2,732,250   August 3, 2017(9)                —       3.686    1,048,000           —              —     1,684,250
                                 RSUs               644,500   August 3, 2017                   —          —            —            —         644,500           —
                                 Options          2,287,750   October 10, 2017(10)             —       4.400      267,500           —              —     2,020,250
                                 RSUs               415,000   October 10, 2017                 —          —            —            —         415,000           —
                                 Options            809,500   February 1, 2018(11)             —       4.144      120,000           —              —       689,500
                                 RSUs               273,750   February 1, 2018                 —          —            —            —         273,750           —
                                 RSUs             6,933,639   June 8, 2018                     —          —            —       631,875      6,301,764           —
                                 RSUs             3,587,500   July 31, 2018                    —          —            —        97,250      1,826,000    1,664,250
                                 RSUs             1,428,291   October 10, 2018                 —          —            —       205,000        707,963      515,328
                                 RSUs             1,553,842   January 31, 2019                 —          —            —        99,098        828,180      626,564
                                 RSUs            11,352,000   June 14, 2019                    —          —            —     1,191,500      5,120,750    5,039,750
                                 RSUs             6,272,377   August 2, 2019                   —          —            —       363,000      2,248,439    3,660,938
                                 RSUs             1,309,948   September 18, 2019               —          —            —        50,000        642,898      617,050
                                 RSUs             3,012,518   February 24, 2020                —          —            —     1,297,452      1,004,569      710,497
                                 RSUs             2,104,963   March 16, 2020                   —          —            —        70,000      1,093,354      941,609
                                 Options          2,741,339   June 15, 2020(1)                 —      19.940           —     1,774,589             —       966,750
                                 RSUs            12,843,074   June 15, 2020                    —          —            —     1,196,536      2,818,463    8,828,075
                                 Options            119,000   September 15, 2020(12)           —      18.660           —            —              —       119,000
                                 RSUs             4,062,023   September 15, 2020               —          —            —       272,318        768,993    3,020,712
                                 RSUs             1,960,950   December 15, 2020                —          —            —       384,000             —     1,576,950
                                 RSUs             1,658,000   March 15, 2021                   —          —            —       413,000             —     1,245,000
                                 Options                 —    June 15, 2021(2)          1,215,250     18.212           —        40,500             —     1,174,750
                                 RSUs                    —    June 15, 2021            18,153,300         —            —     1,552,000             —    16,601,300
                                 RSUs                    —    September 15, 2021       10,808,722         —            —       160,200        924,057    9,724,465
                                 Options                 —    December 15, 2021(13)       100,000      7.438           —            —              —       100,000
                                 RSUs                    —    December 15, 2021         2,459,900         —            —        97,000             —     2,362,900
                                 Options                 —    March 15, 2022(14)          750,000      4.240           —            —              —       750,000
                                 RSUs                    —    March 15, 2022            2,144,000         —            —            —              —     2,144,000
     Employees of the affiliates Options            500,000   June 15, 2020(1)                 —      19.940           —            —              —       500,000
     of the Company              RSUs             1,208,000   June 15, 2020                    —          —            —       338,000        202,500      667,500
                                 RSUs                14,700   September 15, 2020               —          —            —        14,700             —            —
                                 RSUs                    —    June 15, 2021               238,900         —            —            —              —       238,900
                                 RSUs                    —    September 15, 2021           18,200         —            —            —              —        18,200
                                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report          31




                                                                                                                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT


Notes:


(1)      The closing price per share is HK$20.65 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on June 12, 2020, being the
         trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(2)      The closing price per share is HK$17.90 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on June 11, 2021, being the
         trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(3)      The closing price per share is HK$5.02 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on September 4, 2015, being the
         trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(4)      The closing price per share is HK$5.23 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on April 27, 2016, being the
         trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(5)      The closing price per share is HK$5.55 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on July 28, 2016, being the trading
         day immediately before the date of grant.


(6)      The closing price per share is HK$3.59 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on February 1, 2017, being the
         trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(7)      The closing price per share is HK$3.62 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on February 21, 2017, being the
         trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(8)      The closing price per share is HK$3.92 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on June 13, 2017, being the
         trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(9)      The closing price per share is HK$3.63 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on August 2, 2017, being the
         trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(10)     The closing price per share is HK$4.01 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on October 9, 2017, being the
         trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(11)     The closing price per share is HK$4.09 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on January 31, 2018, being the
         trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(12)     The closing price per share is HK$18.76 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on September 14, 2020, being
         the trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(13)     The closing price per share is HK$7.35 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on December 14, 2021, being
         the trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(14)     The closing price per share is HK$3.76 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on March 14, 2022, being the
         trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(15)     The options and RSUs granted have a specific vesting schedule of not more than four years.


(16)     The weighted average closing price of the shares immediately before the dates on which the options granted to the employees were exercised
         calculated by the closing price per Share as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange is HK$10.72 per share.
32   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     The Company estimated the fair values of its share options using the binomial model, which requires the Group to
     make estimates about inputs, such as expected volatility, expected dividend yield, exercise multiple, risk-free interest
     rate and expected forfeiture rate, and hence such estimates are subject to subjectivity and uncertainty. For the
     accounting policy adopted for the Share Awards and the fair value of the options granted during the year ended
     March 31, 2022, please refer to note 2.4 (Share-based payments) and note 29 to the Group’s consolidated financial
     statements for the year ended March 31, 2022.

     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
     UNDERLYING SHARES

     As at March 31, 2022, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive in the share capital and
     underlying shares of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and
     Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”), as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section
     352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for
     Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing
     Rules, were as follows:

     Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company

                                                               Number of ordinary shares and underlying shares held,
                                                                                capacity and nature of interest
                                                                                                                                            Approximate
                                                                                                                                          percentage of
                                                                                                              Total interest            the Company’s
     Name of Director                        Nature of interest                                                     in shares              share capital


     Mr. ZHU Shunyan                         Beneficial owner and equity derivative                                 4,889,750                        0.04%
                                               interests(1)
     Mr. TU Yanwu                            Beneficial owner and equity derivative                                 1,170,150                        0.01%
                                               interests(2)
     Mr. SHEN Difan (appointed               Beneficial owner and equity derivative                                 1,548,339                        0.01%
           on October 13, 2021)                interests(3)

     Notes:


     (1)      Mr. ZHU Shunyan beneficially held 900,000 ordinary shares of the Company and subject to vesting, he is interested in 3,989,750 shares underlying
              the 3,321,250 options and 668,500 RSUs granted to him in accordance with the Share Award Scheme.


     (2)      Mr. TU Yanwu beneficially held 464,000 ordinary shares and subject to vesting, he is interested in 706,150 shares underlying 212,250 options
              and 493,900 RSUs granted to him in accordance with the Share Award Scheme.


     (3)      Mr. SHEN Difan beneficially held 951,889 ordinary shares and subject to vesting, he is interested in 596,450 shares underlying 336,750 options
              and 259,700 RSUs granted to him in accordance with the Share Award Scheme.
                                                                                   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report           33




                                                                                                                          DIRECTORS’ REPORT


Long positions in shares and underlying shares of Alibaba Holding, an associated corporation of the
Company within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO.

                                                                                                                                       Approximate
                                                                                                                                      percentage of
                                                                                                    Number of shares/              issued shares of
                                                                                                    underlying shares                    associated
Name of Director                        Nature of interest                                                       held                   corporation


Mr. ZHU Shunyan                         Beneficial owner, equity derivative interests                            3,161,416*                       0.01%
                                           and interests of spouse        (1)


Mr. TU Yanwu                            Equity derivative interests(2)                                                 8,000*                     0.00%
Mr. SHEN Difan (appointed               Beneficial owner, equity derivative interests                              167,392*                       0.00%
      on October 13, 2021)                 and interests of spouse(3)
Mr. LI Faguang (appointed               Beneficial owner and equity derivative                                       87,848*                      0.00%
      on October 13, 2021)                 interests(4)

Notes:


(1)      These interests represented 2,120,696* ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares and 880,720* restricted share units beneficially held by
         Mr. ZHU Shunyan and 160,000* ordinary shares or underlying shares held by his spouse.


(2)      These interests represented 8,000* restricted share units beneficially held by Mr. TU Yanwu.


(3)      These interests represented 85,656* ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares and 17,000* restricted share units beneficially held by Mr. SHEN
         Difan and 64,736* ordinary shares or underlying shares held by his spouse.


(4)      These interests represented 4,848* ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares and 83,000* restricted share units beneficially held by Mr. LI
         Faguang.


*        Alibaba Holding approved to effect a one-to-eight share subdivision of its ordinary shares (the “Share Subdivision”) at the annual general meeting
         held on July 15, 2019. The Share Subdivision was effective on July 30, 2019. Accordingly, Alibaba Holding has changed its ratio of ordinary
         shares to American depositary shares (“ADSs”) from one ADS representing one ordinary share to one ADS representing eight ordinary shares.
         The ratio of restricted share units to ordinary shares of Alibaba Holding has also changed from one restricted share unit representing one
         ordinary share to one restricted share unit representing eight ordinary shares.


Save as disclosed above, as at March 31, 2022, none of the Directors and chief executive had registered an interest
or short position in the shares and underlying shares of the Company or any of its associated corporations that was
required to be recorded pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock
Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.
34   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     DIRECTORS’ AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

     Save as disclosed under the section headed “Connected Transactions” below and except for any perceived material
     interest in transactions between members of Alibaba Group and the Company due to their role as employees of
     Alibaba Holding or its subsidiaries as disclosed in the section headed “Biographical Information of Directors and
     Senior Management”, no Director or controlling Shareholder had a material interest, either directly or indirectly, in any
     contract of significance (whether for the provision of services to the Company or any of its subsidiaries or not) to the
     business of the Group to which the Company, its holding company, or any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries
     was a party during the year under review.

     ARRANGEMENT TO ACQUIRE SHARES AND DEBENTURES

     Save as disclosed under the section headed “Share Award Scheme”, at no time during the year was the Company
     or its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors or chief executive of the Company or their
     spouses or children under the age of 18 to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures
     of the Company or any other body corporate.

     SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS OR SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES
     AND UNDERLYING SHARES

     As at March 31, 2022, the following interests or short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company
     were recorded in the register of interests required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO:

     Long positions:

                                                                                                    Number of    % of the issued
                                                                                                       shares/      share capital
     Name                                          Note Capacity and nature of interest      underlying shares   of the Company


     Alibaba Group Holding Limited               (1)(3) Interest of controlled corporation     8,596,939,415             63.60%
     Perfect Advance Holding Limited             (1)(3) Beneficial owner                       3,103,816,661             22.96%
                                                 (1)(3) Persons acting in concert                932,337,347              6.90%
     Alibaba Investment Limited                  (1)(3) Interest of controlled corporation     4,036,154,008             29.86%
     Innovare Tech Limited                       (1)(3) Beneficial owner                         932,337,347              6.90%
                                                 (1)(3) Persons acting in concert              3,103,816,661             22.96%
     Yunfeng Fund II, L.P.                       (1)(3) Interest of controlled corporation     4,036,154,008             29.86%
     Yunfeng Investment GP II, Ltd.              (1)(3) Interest of controlled corporation     4,036,154,008             29.86%
     Yunfeng Investment II, L.P.                 (1)(3) Interest of controlled corporation     4,036,154,008             29.86%
     Mr. YU Feng                                 (1)(3) Interest of controlled corporation     4,036,154,008             29.86%
     Mr. MA Yun                                  (1)(3) Interest of controlled corporation     4,096,730,008             30.31%
     Ali JK Nutritional Products Holding Limited (1)(3) Beneficial owner                       4,560,785,407             33.74%
     Uni-Tech International Group Limited         (2) Beneficial owner                           777,484,030              5.75%
     21CN Corporation                             (2) Interest of controlled corporation         777,484,030              5.75%
     Pollon Internet Corporation                  (2) Interest of controlled corporation         777,484,030              5.75%
     Ms. CHEN Xiao Ying                           (2) Interest of controlled corporation         777,484,030              5.75%
                                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report           35




                                                                                                                         DIRECTORS’ REPORT


Notes:


(1)      Perfect Advance Holding Limited (“Perfect Advance”) holds 3,103,816,661 shares of the Company and Innovare Tech Limited (“Innovare”) holds
         932,337,347 shares of the Company.


         On October 12, 2018, Innovare and Perfect Advance entered into a shareholders’ agreement which constitutes a concert party agreement for
         the purpose of section 317(1)(a) of the SFO (the “s317 Agreement”), pursuant to which Perfect Advance enjoys a right of first refusal over the
         932,337,347 shares in the Company held by Innovare.


         Alibaba Investment Limited (“AIL”) is wholly-owned by Alibaba Holding. Innovare is wholly controlled by Yunfeng Fund II, L.P. The general
         partner of Yunfeng Fund II, L.P. is Yunfeng Investment II, L.P. and the general partner of Yunfeng Investment II, L.P. is Yunfeng Investment
         GP II, Ltd. Yunfeng Investment GP II, Ltd. is owned by Mr. MA Yun as to 40% and Mr. YU Feng as to 60%. Accordingly, (i) each of Yunfeng
         Fund II, L.P., Yunfeng Investment II, L.P., Yunfeng Investment GP II, Ltd. and Mr. YU Feng is also deemed to have an interest in
         4,036,154,008 shares via Innovare; and (ii) Mr. MA Yun is deemed to have an interest in 4,036,154,008 shares via Innovare and 60,576,000
         shares via Antfin (Hong Kong) Holding Limited through his controlled corporations within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO.


         Ali JK holds 4,560,785,407 shares. Ali JK is owned by Alibaba Holding as to 100%. Therefore, Alibaba Holding is deemed to have an interest
         in an aggregate of 8,596,939,415 shares via Perfect Advance and Ali JK within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO.


(2)      Uni-Tech International Group Limited holds 777,484,030 shares and is wholly-owned by 21CN Corporation. 21CN Corporation is wholly-owned
         by Pollon Internet Corporation, which is wholly-owned by Ms. CHEN Xiao Ying.


(3)      Subsequent to the year ended March 31, 2022, Innovare and Perfect Advance entered into a termination agreement on May 20, 2022 to
         terminate the s317 Agreement. As such, Perfect Advance ceased to be interested in the shares held by Innovare.


         On the same day, Innovare made a distribution in specie (the “Distribution”) to the limited partners of Yunfeng Fund II, L.P., the beneficial
         owner of all the voting equity capital in Innovare, based on their respective pro rata entitlements in Innovare. Upon the Distribution, Innovare
         ceased to have a notifiable interest of 5% or more of the voting shares of the Company within the meaning of the SFO. For details, please
         refer to the announcement of the Company dated May 20, 2022.


         As part of the Distribution, 48,716,465 shares of the Company were distributed to AIL by Innovare. As such and as at the date of this annual
         report, AIL is interested in an aggregate of 3,152,533,126 shares of the Company. Accordingly, Alibaba Holding is deemed to have an interest
         in an aggregate of 7,713,318,533 shares of the Company via AIL, Perfect Advance and Ali JK within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO.


Save as disclosed above, as at March 31, 2022, there were no other parties who had registered an interest or short
position in the shares or underlying shares of the Company that was required to be recorded pursuant to section
336 of the SFO.
36   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

     During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Group had the following connected and continuing connected
     transactions, details of which were disclosed in compliance with the requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing
     Rules.

     (a)   Continuing Connected Transaction — Cloud Computing Services Agreement

           On March 30, 2021, Alibaba Health Technology (China) Co., Ltd^ (阿里健康科技（中國）有限公司) (formerly
           known as Alibaba Health Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康科技（北京）有限公司)) (“Alibaba Health
           (China)”), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and
           affiliates), entered into the renewed cloud computing services agreement (the “2022 Cloud Computing Services
           Agreement”) with Alibaba Cloud Computing Ltd.^ (阿里雲計算有限公司) (“Alibaba Cloud”) (for itself and on
           behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates), pursuant to which Alibaba Cloud agreed to provide various cloud
           computing services and other related services (the “Cloud Computing Services”) to the Group for a term of one
           year from April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022. The annual cap for the service fees payable by Alibaba Health
           (China) to Alibaba Cloud under the 2022 Cloud Computing Services Agreement was RMB118 million (which
           was later revised to RMB203 million pursuant to an announcement of the Company dated December 23,
           2021). The aggregate service fees incurred under the 2022 Cloud Computing Services Agreement during the
           year ended March 31, 2022 amounted to approximately RMB139.6 million (2021: approximately RMB4.6
           million).

           On March 30, 2022, the same parties entered into the renewed cloud computing services framework
           agreement (the “2023 Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement”) in relation to the provision of the
           Cloud Computing Services by Alibaba Cloud to the Group for a term of one year from April 1, 2022 to March
           31, 2023, with an annual cap of RMB170 million.

           The 2022 Cloud Computing Services Agreement and the 2023 Cloud Computing Services Framework
           Agreement allowed the Group to utilize the cloud computing services provided by Alibaba Cloud to ensure
           smooth operation of its systems and the stability of its various Internet healthcare solutions.

           Perfect Advance is a substantial shareholder and a connected person of the Company. Alibaba Holding is the
           ultimate shareholder of Perfect Advance and Alibaba Cloud is a member of Alibaba Group. Accordingly, each
           of Alibaba Holding and Alibaba Cloud is an associate of Perfect Advance and hence a connected person of the
           Company. The transactions contemplated under the 2022 Cloud Computing Services Agreement and the 2023
           Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the
           Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.
                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   37




                                                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT


(b)   Continuing Connected Transaction — Outsourced Services Framework Agreement

      On March 30, 2021, Taobao Holding Limited (“Taobao Holding”, together with its subsidiaries and affiliates,
      “Taobao Group”) (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates) and Alibaba Health Technology
      (Hainan) Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康科技（海南）有限公司) (“Alibaba Health (Hainan)”) (for itself and on behalf of its
      subsidiaries) entered into the renewed outsourced services framework agreement (the “2022 Outsourced
      Services Framework Agreement”) for a term of one year from April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022, pursuant to
      which Alibaba Health (Hainan) agreed to provide Taobao Group with merchant-related outsourced and
      value-added services (the “Outsourced Services”) in respect of certain categories of products or services
      offered on Tmall (as specified in the announcement of the Company dated March 30, 2021). The annual cap
      for the service fees payable to the Group during the term of the 2022 Outsourced Services Framework
      Agreement was RMB185 million and the aggregate service fees received by the Group under the 2022
      Outsourced Services Framework Agreement during the year ended March 31, 2022 amounted to approximately
      RMB103.7 million (2021: approximately RMB105.7 million).

      On March 30, 2022, Taobao Holding (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates) and the Company
      (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into the renewed outsourced services framework agreement
      (the “2023 Outsourced Services Framework Agreement”) for a term of one year from April 1, 2022 to March
      31, 2023, pursuant to which the Group agreed to provide Taobao Group with the Outsourced Services on
      Tmall. The annual cap for the service fees payable to the Group during the term of the 2023 Outsourced
      Services Framework Agreement was RMB185 million.

      Since the Outsourced Services remain within the existing skill set of the Group given that it has been
      developing its own pharmaceutical e-commerce, Internet healthcare, and intelligent medicine businesses, the
      service fees received under the 2022 Outsourced Services Framework Agreement and the 2023 Outsourced
      Services Framework Agreement continue to be one of the steady growing sources of revenue for the Group.

      Since Taobao Holding is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, Taobao Holding and its subsidiaries are
      associates of Perfect Advance, and hence connected persons of the Company. The transactions contemplated
      under the 2022 Outsourced Services Framework Agreement and the 2023 Outsourced Services Framework
      Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing
      Rules.
38   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     (c)   Continuing Connected Transaction — Platform Services Framework Agreement

           On February 5, 2021, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into a renewed platform
           services framework agreement with Alibaba Holding (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates) (the
           “2022 Platform Services Framework Agreement”) for a term of one year from April 1, 2021 to March 31,
           2022, pursuant to which Alibaba Holding agreed that its relevant entities (the “AGH Relevant Entities”) shall
           provide various platform services (the “Platform Services”) to the Group, and the Group shall pay the service
           fees calculated in accordance with the underlying agreements and the standard terms and conditions (as
           applicable) as amended and published on the respective online platforms operated by the AGH Relevant
           Entities from time to time. The annual cap for the service fees payable by the Group for the year ended March
           31, 2022 was RMB695 million, as approved by the independent Shareholders at the special general meeting of
           the Company held on March 29, 2021. The aggregate service fees incurred under the 2022 Platform Services
           Framework Agreement for the year ended March 31, 2022 amounted to approximately RMB282.5 million (2021:
           approximately RMB301.2 million).

           On March 30, 2022, the same parties entered into the renewed platform services framework agreement (the
           “2023 Platform Services Framework Agreement”), in relation to the provision of the Platform Services from the
           AGH Relevant Entities to the Group, for a term of one year commencing on April 1, 2022 and ending on
           March 31, 2023, with an annual cap of RMB560 million.

           The Company believes that by marketing and selling products or services on the online sales platforms
           operated by the AGH Relevant Entities under the 2022 Platform Services Framework Agreement and the 2023
           Platform Services Framework Agreement, the Group will be able to reach out to more customers and improve
           its understanding of their needs to facilitate product circulation along the pharmaceutical and healthcare
           products retail chain to offer quality products and services at competitive prices.

           As Alibaba Holding controls the AGH Relevant Entities, each of the members of the AGH Relevant Entities is a
           connected person of the Company. The transactions contemplated under the 2022 Platform Services
           Framework Agreement and the 2023 Platform Services Framework Agreement thus constitute continuing
           connected transactions of the Company.

     (d)   Continuing Connected Transaction — Agency Agreement

           On March 30, 2021, Hangzhou Alimama Software Services Co., Ltd.^ (杭州阿里媽媽軟件服務有限公司)
           (“Alimama”) (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates) and Alibaba Health (Hong Kong)
           Technology Company Limited (阿里健康（香港）科技有限公司) (“Alibaba Health (HK)”) (for itself and on behalf of
           its subsidiaries) entered into the renewed agency agreement (the “2022 Agency Agreement”) for a term of one
           year commenced on April 1, 2021 and ended on March 31, 2022. Pursuant to the 2022 Agency Agreement,
           Alibaba Health (HK) (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) agreed to refer contracted clients of Alibaba
           Health (HK) and its subsidiaries (the “Alibaba Health Group”) to purchase, and Alimama and/or its affiliates
           (together, the “Advertising Parties”), as the marketing services providers, agreed to provide to Alibaba Health
           Group’s contracted clients, various marketing and advertising services on the marketing and branding platforms
           provided by the Advertising Parties (the “Marketing Services”) during the term of the 2022 Agency Agreement.
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   39




                                                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT


      The annual cap for the incentive fees to be received by the Group under the 2022 Agency Agreement for the
      year ended March 31, 2022 was RMB25 million. The aggregate incentive fees received by the Group for the
      year ended March 31, 2022 amounted to approximately RMB3.5 million (2021: approximately RMB0.1 million).

      On March 30, 2022, Alimama (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates) and Alibaba Health (HK)
      (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into the renewed agency agreement (the “2023 Agency
      Agreement”) in relation to the provision of the Marketing Services from Alimama, its subsidiaries and its
      affiliates to the contracted clients of Alibaba Health Group, for a term of one year commencing on April 1,
      2022 and ending on March 31, 2023, with an annual cap of RMB25 million.

      By entering into the 2022 Agency Agreement and the 2023 Agency Agreement with Alimama and/or its
      affiliates, which operate well-established marketing platforms, the Group believes that more diversified options
      can be provided to the customers together with the Group’s marketing resources. At the same time, collecting
      incentive fees from Alibaba Group and other marketing and promotion services providers will provide additional
      income for the Group and will be beneficial to the long-term development of the Group.

      As Alimama and/or its subsidiaries/affiliates is a member of Alibaba Holding, it is an associate of Perfect
      Advance and hence a connected person of the Company. The transactions contemplated under the 2022
      Agency Agreement and the 2023 Agency Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the
      Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.

(e)   Continuing Connected Transaction — Logistics Services Framework Agreement

      On February 5, 2021, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into the renewed
      logistics services framework agreement (the “2022 Logistics Services Framework Agreement”) with Hangzhou
      Cainiao Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd.^ (杭州菜鳥供應鏈管理有限公司) (“Hangzhou Cainiao”) (for itself and
      on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates), pursuant to which Hangzhou Cainiao and its subsidiaries (together,
      the “Cainiao Group”) agreed to provide various logistics services including but not limited to warehouse
      operation and storage services, domestic and international delivery services, customs registration and clearance
      services, standard and special packaging services, storage and delivery supply chain management services and
      other value-added and logistics-related services (the “Logistics Services”) to the Group and the Group agreed
      to pay the service fees. The term of the 2022 Logistics Services Framework Agreement commenced from April
      1, 2021 and ended on March 31, 2022. The annual cap for the service fees under the 2022 Logistics
      Services Framework Agreement was RMB525 million, as approved by the independent Shareholders at the
      special general meeting of the Company held on March 29, 2021. The aggregate service fees incurred under
      the 2022 Logistics Services Framework Agreement for the year ended March 31, 2022 amounted to
      approximately RMB301.2 million (2021: approximately RMB242.5 million).

      On March 30, 2022, the same parties entered into the renewed logistics services framework agreement (the
      “2023 Logistics Services Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which Hangzhou Cainiao agreed that Cainiao
      Group will provide the Logistics Services and related system software services to the Group for a term of one
      year commencing from April 1, 2022 and ending on March 31, 2023 with an annual cap of RMB450 million.
40   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


           As the Company has been selling pharmaceutical and healthcare products online, it requires efficient and
           reliable logistics services to enable its products to be safely and promptly delivered to its customers.
           Accordingly, the Company entered into the 2022 Logistics Services Framework Agreement and the 2023
           Logistics Services Framework Agreement with Hangzhou Cainiao, to capitalize on the logistics data platform
           and global fulfilment network of Cainiao Group, and to provide efficient and reliable domestic and international
           one-stop-shop logistics services to the Group’s customers for fulfilling their different logistics needs.

           As Hangzhou Cainiao is an indirect non-wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, each of the members of
           Cainiao Group is also a connected person of the Company. The transactions contemplated under the 2022
           Logistics Services Framework Agreement and the 2023 Logistics Services Framework Agreement thus
           constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company.

     (f)   Continuing Connected Transaction — Shared Services Agreement

           On March 30, 2021, the Company entered into the renewed shared services agreement (the “2022 Shared
           Services Agreement”) with Alibaba Holding, pursuant to which Alibaba Holding shall procure certain shared
           service providers including Alibaba Holding, persons controlled by it and persons under the common control of
           Alibaba Holding, and any other persons designated by Alibaba Holding (the “Alibaba Services Providers”), to
           provide to the Group certain shared services (the “Shared Services”), including office premises sharing and
           various support services for a term of one year from April 1, 2021 to March 31, 2022. The annual cap for the
           service fees payable under the 2022 Shared Services Agreement was RMB470 million. The aggregate service
           fees incurred under the 2022 Shared Services Agreement for the year ended March 31, 2022 amounted to
           approximately RMB305.9 million (2021: approximately RMB262.1 million).

           On March 30, 2022, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) and Alibaba Holding (for itself
           and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates) entered into the renewed shared services agreement (the “2023
           Shared Services Agreement”), pursuant to which the Alibaba Service Providers shall provide to the Group the
           Shared Services, and the Company shall procure certain service providers, including the Company and persons
           controlled by it and persons under common Control of the Company, and any other persons designated by the
           Company (the “Alibaba Health Service Providers”), to provide to Alibaba Group certain Shared Services, namely
           human resources and personnel transfer related arrangements and reimbursements, for a term of one year
           commencing from April 1, 2022 and ending on March 31, 2023, with an annual cap of RMB500 million (in
           relation to the Shared Services provided to the Group) and RMB50 million (in relation to the Shared Services
           provided to Alibaba Group).

           The Company believes that the entering into of the 2022 Shared Services Agreement and the 2023 Shared
           Services Agreement will allow the Company to better leverage on the mature infrastructure and coverage
           already built by Alibaba Group and promote better cooperation between Alibaba Group and the Company.

           As Alibaba Holding is a connected person of the Company, the transactions contemplated under the 2022
           Shared Services Agreement and the 2023 Shared Services Agreement thus constitute continuing connected
           transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   41




                                                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT


(g)   Continuing Connected Transaction — 2021–2023 Framework Technical Services Agreement

      On March 27 2020, Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd^ (浙江天貓技術有限公司) (“Tmall Technology”) and
      Zhejiang Tmall Network Co., Ltd^ (浙江天貓網絡有限公司) (“Tmall Network”, together with Tmall Technology, the
      “Tmall Entities”) and Alibaba Health Technology (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd^ (阿里健康科技（杭州）有限公司) (formerly
      known as Hangzhou Hengping Information Technology Co., Ltd^ (杭州衡平信息科技有限公司) (“Alibaba Health
      (Hangzhou)”) entered into the renewed framework technical services agreement (the “2021–2023 Framework
      Technical Services Agreement”). The term of the 2021–2023 Framework Technical Services Agreement
      commenced on April 1, 2020 and will end on March 31, 2023, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with
      the terms thereunder. Pursuant to the 2021–2023 Framework Technical Services Agreement, the Tmall Entities
      shall provide certain infrastructure technical support (the “Blue Cap Technical Services”) for the operation of
      Tmall in respect of Blue Cap Products (as defined in the announcement of the Company dated March 27,
      2020) to Alibaba Health (Hangzhou) for a service fee. The annual cap for the service fees payable under the
      2021–2023 Framework Technical Services Agreement was RMB100 million, RMB130 million and RMB170
      million, respectively for each of the financial years ended March 31, 2021 and 2022, and ending March 31,
      2023, respectively. The aggregate service fees incurred under the 2021–2023 Framework Technical Services
      Agreement during the year ended March 31, 2022 amounted to approximately RMB69.7 million (2021:
      approximately RMB69.5 million).

      The Company considers the entering into of the 2021–2023 Framework Technical Services Agreement is
      necessary because the technical support and services from Tmall to the Company are crucial to allow the
      relevant merchants to operate on Tmall.

      As the Tmall Entities are members of Alibaba Group, they are connected persons of the Company. The
      transactions contemplated under the 2021–2023 Framework Technical Services Agreement thus constitute
      continuing connected transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.

(h)   Continuing Connected Transaction — Framework Technical Services Agreement

      On February 5, 2021, the Tmall Entities entered into the renewed framework technical services agreement (the
      “2022 Framework Technical Services Agreement”) with Alibaba Health (Hangzhou) and Alibaba Health (Hainan),
      pursuant to which the Tmall Entities agreed to provide certain software technical services (the “Software
      Technical Services”), including but not limited to software technical services, and internet information services
      and secondary domain names, for a term of one year commenced from April 1, 2021 and ended on March
      31, 2022. The annual cap under the 2022 Framework Technical Services Agreement was RMB1,250 million, as
      approved by the independent Shareholders at the special general meeting held on March 29, 2021. The
      aggregate service fees incurred under the 2022 Framework Technical Services Agreement during the year
      ended March 31, 2022 amounted to approximately RMB774.9 million (2021: approximately RMB794.6 million).

      On February 4, 2022, the same parties entered into the renewed framework technical services agreement (the
      “2023 Framework Technical Services Agreement”), pursuant to which the Tmall Entities agreed to provide the
      Software Technical Services, for a term of one year commencing from April 1, 2022 and ending on March 31,
      2023 with an annual cap of RMB1,100 million, as approved by the independent Shareholders at the special
      general meeting held on March 28, 2022.
42   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


           The Company considers the entering into of the 2022 Framework Technical Services Agreement and the 2023
           Framework Technical Services Agreement is necessary because the technical support and services from Tmall
           to the Company are crucial to allow the relevant merchants to operate on Tmall.

           As the Tmall Entities are members of Alibaba Group, they are connected persons of the Company and the
           transactions contemplated under the 2022 Framework Technical Services Agreement and the 2023 Framework
           Technical Services Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company, and were
           approved by the independent Shareholders at the special general meetings held on March 29, 2021
           and March 28, 2022, respectively, in accordance with the Listing Rules.

     (i)   Continuing Connected Transaction — Taobao Framework Technical Services Agreement

           Taobao Holding and the Company entered into a framework technical services agreement (the “Taobao
           Framework Technical Services Agreement”) on February 6, 2020. The term of the Taobao Framework Technical
           Services Agreement commenced on the day following completion of the Share Purchase Agreement and will
           end on March 31, 2023, unless otherwise mutually agreed between the parties. Pursuant to the Taobao
           Framework Technical Services Agreement, Taobao Holding and its subsidiaries will provide infrastructure
           technical support for the operation of the platforms on Tmall and Tmall Global in respect of certain categories
           of products or services sold on these platforms (as specified in the announcement of the Company dated
           February 6, 2020) to the Company for a service fee. The annual cap for the service fees payable under the
           Taobao Framework Technical Services Agreement was RMB262 million, RMB464 million and RMB799 million
           for each of the financial year ended March 31, 2021 and 2022, and ending March 31, 2023, respectively, as
           approved by the independent Shareholders at the adjourned special general meeting held on April 9, 2020.
           The service fees incurred under the Taobao Framework Technical Services Agreement during the financial year
           ended March 31, 2022 amounted to approximately RMB259.8 million (2021: approximately RMB177.9 million).

           The Company considers the entering into of the Taobao Framework Technical Services Agreement is necessary
           because the technical support and services from Taobao Holding and its subsidiaries to the Company are
           crucial to allow the relevant merchants to operate on the platforms of Tmall and Tmall Global.

           Perfect Advance is a substantial shareholder and a connected person of the Company. Ali JK is a direct
           wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding and Alibaba Holding is the ultimate shareholder of Perfect Advance
           and Ali JK. Taobao Holding is a subsidiary of Alibaba Holding and therefore a connected person of the
           Company and the transactions contemplated under the Taobao Framework Technical Services Agreement thus
           constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company. Independent Shareholders approved, among
           other things, the Taobao Framework Technical Services Agreement and the transactions contemplated
           thereunder at the adjourned special general meeting held on April 9, 2020 in accordance with the Listing
           Rules.
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   43




                                                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT


(j)   Continuing Connected Transaction — Payment Services Framework Agreement

      On March 30, 2021, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into the renewed
      payment services framework agreement (the “2022 Payment Services Framework Agreement”) with Alipay.com
      Co., Ltd.^ (支付寶（中國）網絡技術有限公司) (“Alipay China”) (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and
      affiliates), pursuant to which Alipay China agreed to provide certain payment, settlement and other related
      services (the “Payment Services”) to the Group and the Group agreed to pay service fees in return. The term
      of the 2022 Payment Services Framework Agreement commenced from April 1, 2021 and ended on March
      31, 2022. The annual cap for the service fees payable under the 2022 Payment Services Framework
      Agreement was RMB137 million. The aggregate service fees incurred under the 2022 Payment Services
      Framework Agreement during the year ended March 31, 2022 amounted to approximately RMB65.2 million
      (2021: approximately RMB66.1 million).

      On March 30, 2022, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries), Alipay China (for itself and on
      behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates) and Alipay Singapore E-Commerce Private Limited (“Alipay Singapore”)
      entered into the renewed payment services framework agreement (the “2023 Payment Services Framework
      Agreement”), pursuant to which Alipay China and Alipay Singapore agreed to provide the Payment Services to
      the Group, for a term of one year commencing from April 1, 2022 and ending on March 31, 2023 with an
      annual cap of RMB137 million.

      As part of the Group’s business, the Company has been marketing and selling products or services online as
      an online merchant which requires efficient and reliable payment services. By entering into the 2022 Payment
      Services Framework Agreement and the 2023 Payment Services Framework Agreement, the Group will be able
      to utilize the Payment Services provided by Alipay to enable safe and prompt real-time payment for its online
      transactions.

      Perfect Advance is a substantial shareholder and a connected person of the Company. Alibaba Holding is the
      ultimate shareholder of Perfect Advance. Since Ant Group Co., Ltd. (螞蟻科技集團股份有限公司) (formerly
      known as Ant Small and Micro Financial Services Group Co., Ltd.^ (浙江螞蟻小微金融服務集團股份有限公司))
      (“Ant Financial”) is indirectly held by Alibaba Holding as to 33% of its equity interest and both Alipay China and
      Alipay Singapore are wholly-owned subsidiaries of Ant Financial, each of Ant Financial, Alipay China and Alipay
      Singapore is an associate of Perfect Advance and thus a connected person of the Company.

      Accordingly, the transactions contemplated under the 2022 Payment Services Framework Agreement and the
      2023 Payment Services Framework Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in
      accordance with the Listing Rules.
44   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     (k)   Connected Transaction — Lease Agreement

           On October 15, 2021, Alibaba Health Pharmaceutical Chain Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康大藥房醫藥連鎖有限公司)
           (“Alibaba Health Pharmaceutical Chain”) and Hangzhou Chuanfu Health Technology Co., Ltd.^ (杭州傳賦健康科
           技有限公司) (“Hangzhou Chuanfu”) entered into the lease agreement (the “Lease Agreement”), pursuant to
           which Hangzhou Chuanfu agreed to let the production plant and ancillary facilities located at Alibaba
           Pharmaceutical Health Logistics Park, No. 3 Zhiqi Street, Tangxi Town, Linping District, Hangzhou, the PRC
           (the “Premises”) to Alibaba Health Pharmaceutical Chain for a term of three years commenced from November
           30, 2021 and ending on November 29, 2024. The total rent and property management fee payable per annum
           (inclusive of tax) during the term of the Lease Agreement shall be capped at RMB28.5 million, RMB29.7 million
           and RMB30.9 million, respectively. The total annual sum payable by the Group under the Lease Agreement
           during the year ended March 31, 2022 amounted to approximately RMB2.3 million.

           By entering into the Lease Agreement, the Group agreed to rent the Premises at market rates from Hangzhou
           Chuanfu to use the Premises as a warehouse to store pharmaceutical, medical device and various other
           health-related products with a view to further strengthen the Group’s supply chain capabilities. As the
           consultation-to-sales conversation rate for the Group’s pharmaceutical direct sales business continues to rise,
           the Group considers it necessary to expand its storage capacity so as to maintain the Group’s service
           efficiency as well as to facilitate distribution and sales of the Group’s direct sales products. This will also
           enable the Group to purchase more at a time from its suppliers, which will add to its bargaining power with its
           suppliers, thus reducing its procurement costs and enhancing its profitability.

           In accordance with HKFRS 16 “Leases”, the Company will recognize the value of the right-of-use asset in
           connection with the Lease Agreement on its consolidated statement of financial position. Accordingly, the
           entering into of the Lease Agreement will be regarded as an acquisition of asset by the Group under Rule
           14A.24(1) of the Listing Rules.

           Perfect Advance is a substantial shareholder and a connected person of the Company. Alibaba Holding is the
           ultimate shareholder of Perfect Advance and Hangzhou Chuanfu is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of
           Alibaba Holding. Accordingly, Hangzhou Chuanfu is a connected person of the Company and thus the
           transactions contemplated under the Lease Agreement constitute connected transactions of the Company in
           accordance with the Listing Rules.
                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   45




                                                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT


(l)   Continuing Connected Transaction — Supply and Purchase Framework Agreement

      On March 26, 2021, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into the renewed supply
      and purchase framework agreement (the “2022 Supply and Purchase Framework Agreement”) with Hangzhou
      Xinxuan E-Commerce Co., Ltd ^ (杭州心選電子商務有限公司) (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and
      affiliates) (“Hangzhou Xinxuan”), pursuant to which the Company has agreed that the Group shall supply and/or
      purchase various products to or from Alibaba Group on the platforms and stores operated by Alibaba Group
      from time to time and shall also provide other related services, including daily maintenance, inventory control,
      pricing, promotional activities and packaging (the “Supply and Purchase of Products and Services”) in
      accordance with the standard agreements and terms and conditions as agreed by the parties from time to
      time, for a term commenced from April 1, 2021 and ended on March 31, 2022. The annual cap under the
      2022 Supply and Purchase Framework Agreement was RMB9.5 million (in relation to supply of products) (which
      was later revised to RMB110 million pursuant to an announcement of the Company dated December 23,
      2021) and RMB9.5 million (in relation to purchase of products), respectively. The aggregate purchases incurred
      under the Supply and Purchase Framework Agreement for the year ended March 31, 2022 amounted to
      approximately RMB0 million (2021: approximately RMB10.1 million). The aggregate supplies incurred under the
      2022 Supply and Purchase Framework Agreement for the year ended March 31, 2022 amounted to
      approximately RMB67.7 million (2021: approximately RMB0.2 million).

      On March 30, 2022, the same parties entered into the renewed supply and purchase framework agreement
      (the “2023 Supply and Purchase Framework Agreement”) in relation to the Supply and Purchase of Products
      and Services for a term of one year commencing from April 1, 2022 and ending on March 31, 2023 with an
      annual cap of RMB140 million (in relation to supply of products) and RMB9.5 million (in relation to purchase of
      products).

      The Company believes that the entering into the Supply and Purchase Framework Agreement allows the Group
      to procure products from and market and sell products on or through platforms, stores and distribution
      channels operated by Alibaba Group, which will be able to expand its product portfolio, broaden its customer
      base and the source of procurement and generate higher sales volume.

      Perfect Advance is a substantial shareholder and a connected person of the Company. Alibaba Holding is the
      ultimate shareholder of Perfect Advance and accordingly a connected person of the Company. Hangzhou
      Xinxuan is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding. Accordingly, Hangzhou Xinxuan is an
      associate of Perfect Advance and hence a connected person of the Company. The transactions contemplated
      under the 2022 Supply and Purchase Framework Agreement and 2023 Supply and Purchase Framework
      Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing
      Rules.
46   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     (m)   Continuing Connected Transaction — Advertising Services Framework Agreement

           On February 5, 2021, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) and Alibaba Holding (for itself
           and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates) entered into the renewed advertising service framework
           agreement (the “2022 Advertising Services Framework Agreement”) for a term commenced from April 1, 2021
           and ended on March 31, 2022, pursuant to which Alibaba Group provided certain advertising services,
           including but not limited to the display of advertisements on the various platforms supported by Alibaba Group
           (the “Advertising Services”), in return for the advertising fees which shall be calculated in accordance with the
           underlying agreements and the standard terms and conditions as amended and published on Alibaba Group’s
           online platforms from time to time. The annual cap for the service fees payable under the 2022 Advertising
           Services Framework Agreement was RMB1,150 million, as approved by the independent Shareholders at the
           special general meeting held on March 29, 2021. The aggregate service fees incurred under the 2022
           Advertising Service Framework Agreement for the year ended March 31, 2022 amounted to approximately
           RMB824.2 million (2021: approximately RMB378.6 million).

           On February 4, 2022, the same parties entered into the renewed advertising services framework agreement (the
           “2023 Advertising Services Framework Agreement”) in relation to the provision of the Advertising Services
           provided by Alibaba Group to the Group for a term of one year commencing from April 1, 2022 and ending on
           March 31, 2023, with an annual cap of RMB1,850 million, as approved by the independent Shareholders at the
           special general meeting held on March 28, 2022.

           The Group believes that the advertising services and resources provided by Alibaba Group are effective
           marketing tools and will enable the Group to reach out to more customers and boost the sales of the Group’s
           and its clients’ products. Hence, the Group intends to allocate more resources in advertising services provided
           by Alibaba Group going forward and considers that the entering into of the 2022 Advertising Services
           Framework Agreement and the 2023 Advertising Services Framework Agreement would facilitate the
           administration of the purchase of Advertising Services by the Group.

           Perfect Advance is a substantial shareholder and a connected person of the Company. Alibaba Holding is the
           ultimate shareholder of Perfect Advance and accordingly a connected person of the Company. The
           transactions contemplated under the 2022 Advertising Services Framework Agreement and the 2023
           Advertising Services Framework Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions for the Company in
           accordance with the Listing Rules and were approved by the independent Shareholders at the special general
           meetings held on March 29, 2021 and March 28, 2022, respectively, in accordance with the Listing Rules.
                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   47




                                                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT


(n)   Continuing Connected Transaction — Software Services Framework Agreement

      On March 30, 2021, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into the software
      services framework agreement (the “2022 Software Services Framework Agreement”) with Taobao Holding (for
      itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates), pursuant to which the Group shall provide Taobao Group
      with certain software services including e-commerce platform maintenance related software services and
      ancillary support services (the “Software Services”) for merchants selling products and/or offering services
      under certain software services categories on Tmall and Tmall Global (together, the “Tmall Platforms”) for a
      term commenced from April 1 2021 to March 31, 2022. The annual cap for the service fees payable under the
      2022 Software Services Framework Agreement was RMB43 million (which was later revised to RMB73 million
      pursuant to an announcement of the Company dated December 23, 2021). The aggregate service fees
      incurred under the 2022 Software Services Framework Agreement for the period from April 1, 2022 to March
      31, 2023 amounted to approximately RMB62.5 million (2021: approximately RMB34.2 million).

      On March 30, 2022, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and associates) and Taobao
      Holding (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and associates) entered into the renewed software services
      framework agreement (the “2023 Software Services Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which the Group shall
      provide the Software Services to the Taobao Group, for a term of one year commencing from April 1, 2022
      and ending on March 31, 2023, with an annual cap of RMB96 million.

      The Company believes that the entering into of the 2022 Software Services Framework Agreement and the
      2023 Software Services Framework Agreement will allow the Group to generate revenue and to better optimize
      its resources as Alibaba Group’s healthcare flagship platform, but also provides marketing opportunities for the
      Group to expand its product portfolio and broaden its customer base. This enables the Group to capture
      further market share in view of the rapid growth of the Company’s pharmaceutical direct sales business.

      As Alibaba Holding is the ultimate shareholder of Taobao Holding, Taobao Holding is an associate of Perfect
      Advance, and hence a connected person of the Company, the transactions contemplated under the 2022
      Software Services Framework Agreement and the 2023 Software Services Framework Agreement thus
      constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.
48   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     (o)   Continuing Connected Transaction — Koubei Services Framework Agreement

           On March 30, 2021, Alibaba Health (China) (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates), entered
           into the services framework agreement (the “2022 Koubei Services Framework Agreement”) with Koubei
           (Shanghai) Information Technology Co., Ltd.^ (口碑（上海）信息技術有限公司) (“Koubei Shanghai”), pursuant to
           which each party (together with its respective affiliates) agreed to refer merchants providing healthcare and
           pharmaceutical products and services (the “Counterparties’ Platform Services Categories”) to the other party
           (and its affiliates) for registering with platforms operated by such other party (and its affiliates). In doing so, the
           party who is referring a merchant to the other party shall provide, among other things, promotion services,
           consultation services and technical support and business development services to merchants, for a term
           commencing on April 1, 2021 and ending on March 31, 2022. The annual cap for the service fees payable by
           the Group as a service recipient and chargeable by the Group as a service provider under the 2022 Koubei
           Services Framework Agreement for the year ending March 31, 2022 was RMB5 million and RMB5 million,
           respectively. The aggregate service fees payable by the Group as a service recipient and chargeable by the
           Group as a service provider under the 2022 Koubei Services Framework Agreement for the year ending March
           31, 2022 was nil and approximately RMB0.6 million, respectively (2021: approximately RMB27.0 million and nil,
           respectively).

           Each of the Group and Koubei Shanghai (and its affiliates) possesses its respective strengths and merchant
           network from the operation of the respective e-commerce platforms. By entering into the 2022 Koubei Services
           Framework Agreement, the parties will be able to complement their strengths and resources from their
           respective merchant network to mutually develop, expand and consolidate their merchant base under the
           Counterparties’ Platform Services Categories, while delivering to the merchants more business opportunities and
           channels to reach end-users by launching their products and services under a wider range of complementary
           platforms. By establishing a cooperation relationship with Koubei Shanghai and its affiliates, the Group will be
           able to capitalize on the merchant network of Koubei Shanghai and its affiliates to capture growth opportunities
           that comes with the rising demand of products and services under the Counterparties’ Platform Services
           Categories.

           Perfect Advance is a substantial shareholder and a connected person of the Company. Alibaba Holding is the
           ultimate shareholder of Perfect Advance and Koubei Shanghai is a consolidated entity of Alibaba Holding.
           Accordingly, Koubei Shanghai is also a connected person of the Company. The transactions contemplated
           under the 2022 Koubei Services Framework Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions of the
           Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   49




                                                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT


(p)   Continuing Connected Transaction — Tracking Services Framework Agreement

      On March 30, 2021, Alibaba Health (HK) entered into the renewed tracking services framework agreement (the
      “2022 Tracking Services Framework Agreement”) with Taobao China Holding Limited (淘寶中國控股有限公司)
      (“Taobao China”), pursuant to which the Group agreed to provide to Taobao China and its subsidiaries and
      affiliates the Tracking Services for a term commencing on April 1, 2021 and ending on March 31, 2022. The
      annual cap for the service fees payable under the 2022 Tracking Services Framework Agreement for the year
      ended March 31, 2021 was RMB5 million. The aggregate service fees incurred under the 2022 Tracking
      Services Framework Agreement for the year ending March 31, 2022 was approximately RMB1.9 million (2021:
      approximately RMB1.6 million).

      The provision of tracking services to Taobao China pursuant to the 2022 Tracking Services Framework
      Agreement enables the Group to further leverage on its prior accumulated technical and operational experience
      in the development of product tracking platforms and thereby increase its sources of revenue and enhance its
      operational efficiency.

      Perfect Advance is a substantial shareholder and a connected person of the Company. Alibaba Holding is the
      ultimate shareholder of Perfect Advance. As Taobao China is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba
      Holding, Taobao China is an associate of Perfect Advance and hence a connected person of the Company.
      The transactions contemplated under the 2022 Tracking Services Framework Agreement thus constitute
      continuing connected transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.

      The Group has imposed internal control procedures to ensure that the continuing connected transactions are
      conducted in accordance with the pricing policies or mechanism under the relevant framework agreements. A
      specialized internal audit function carried out independent appraisal of the adequacy and effectiveness of the
      internal control procedures and reviewed all the connected transactions. Any findings by the internal audit
      function have been provided to the Directors to assist them in performing the annual review of the continuing
      connected transactions. The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the above continuing
      connected transactions and have confirmed that such continuing connected transactions were entered into (i) in
      the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (ii) on normal commercial terms or better; and (iii) in
      accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the
      interests of the Shareholders as a whole.

      Ernst & Young, the Company’s auditor, was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected
      transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 Assurance
      Engagements Other Than Audit or Reviews of Historical Financial Information and with reference to Practice
      Note 740 Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules issued by
      the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. Ernst & Young issued their unqualified letter containing
      their findings and conclusions in respect of the continuing connected transactions disclosed above by the
      Group in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing Rules. A copy of the auditor’s letter has been provided
      by the Company to the Stock Exchange.
50   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

     During the year, save as disclosed in note 35 to the consolidated financial statements, the Group had no material
     transactions with its related parties.

     The Directors have conducted review of such related party transactions of the Group during the year. In respect of
     the related party transactions which also constitute connected transactions or continuing connected transaction as
     defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, the Company has complied with the relevant connected transaction
     requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules in respect of those connected transactions or continuing
     connected transactions. The Directors were not aware of any transactions requiring disclosure of connected
     transactions in accordance with the Listing Rules except for those disclosed in this report.

     CONTRACTUAL ARRANGEMENTS

     Overview

     The business of the Group involves the provision of commercial Internet information services, which in turn requires
     certain members of the Group to hold a value-added telecommunication business license (the “ICP License”) for the
     provision of such services (the “Restricted Businesses”). As the applicable PRC laws and regulations currently in
     force restrict foreign investment in businesses involving the provision of commercial Internet information services, the
     Group entered into a series of structured contracts with respect to two subsidiaries of the Company, Hongyun
     Jiukang Data Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.^ (弘雲久康數據技術（北京）有限公司) (“Hongyun Jiukang”) and Alibaba
     Health Hebei Information Technology Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康河北信息技術有限公司) (“Alibaba Health Hebei”, together
     with Hongyun Jiukang, the “Opcos”) pursuant to which the Company obtained effective control over, and received all
     the economic benefits generated by, the businesses operated by the Opcos, and the Opcos, in turn, hold the ICP
     License and operate the Restricted Businesses. Prior to the restructuring of the Contractual Arrangements on April
     25, 2020 as detailed below, the Group has obtained effective control over, and received all the economic benefits
     generated by, the businesses operated by the Opcos through the series of structured contracts which were
     disclosed in the 2020 Annual Report. From April 25, 2020 onwards, the Contractual Arrangement is governed by the
     Structured Contracts (as defined below) detailed below.

     Restructuring of the Contractual Arrangement

     On April 25, 2020, each of Jiang Fang (蔣芳) and Jin Jian Hang (金建杭) entered into equity transfer agreements
     with Beijing Jiukangbao Technology Co., Ltd. (北京久康寶科技有限公司) (“Beijing Jiukangbao”), pursuant to which
     each of Jiang Fang (蔣芳) and Jin Jian Hang (金建杭) agreed to transfer 50% and 50% of the equity interests in
     each of the Opcos, respectively, to Beijing Jiukangbao, at a total consideration of RMB1,000,000 and
     RMB5,001,000, respectively. Following the equity transfers, each of the Opcos is owned as to 100% by Beijing
     Jiukangbao. Beijing Jiukangbao is wholly-owned by Hangzhou Baoxuan Investment Management Co., Ltd.^ (杭州寶軒
     投資管理有限公司), which is held as to 50% by Hangzhou Chengbao Investment Management Partnership (Limited
     Partnership)^ (杭州橙寶投資管理合夥企業（有限合夥）) and 50% by Hangzhou Xibao Investment Management
     Partnership (Limited Partnership)^ (杭州熹寶投資管理合夥企業（有限合夥）), both of which were owned by a group of
     five individuals whom are not connected persons of the Company.
                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   51




                                                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT


On the same day, Beijing Jiukangbao, as the new registered owner (the “Registered Owner”) of each of the Opcos,
has entered into a series of structured contracts (the “Structured Contracts”) with respect to the Opcos, pursuant to
which the Company continued to maintain effective control and received all the economic benefits generated by, the
businesses operated by the Opcos, which in turn hold the ICP License and operate the Restricted Businesses (the
“Contractual Arrangements”). Further details in relation to the terms of the Structured Contracts and the Contractual
Arrangements are set out below.

The restructuring of the Contractual Arrangements was to align the Group’s strategy in diversifying the underlying
risks. Through the Structured Contracts and the Contractual Arrangements, the results of operations, assets and
liabilities, and cash flows of the Opcos were consolidated into the Company’s financial statements, and the Opcos
were regarded as indirect subsidiaries of the Group under HKFRS 10 during the year ended March 31, 2022.

(a)   Particulars of Opcos and their respective Registered Owner

      As at March 31, 2022, the particulars of the Opcos and their respective Registered Owner are as follows:

      Name of Opco              Registered owner                  Registered capital          Principal activities


      Hongyun Jiukang           100% by Beijing Jiukangbao             RMB40,000,000          Provision of Internet
                                                                                                information services and
                                                                                                investment holding


      Alibaba Health Hebei      100% by Beijing Jiukangbao             RMB10,000,000          Provision of Internet
                                                                                                information services and
                                                                                                investment holding
52   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


           The following table sets forth the subsidiaries of Hongyun Jiukang as at March 31, 2022. Alibaba Health Hebei
           did not have any subsidiary as at March 31, 2022.

           Name of subsidiary                                      Holding company Ownership   Principal activities


           Alibaba Health (Haikou) Smart Internet Hospital Hongyun Jiukang             100%    Inactive
              Co., Ltd.^
              (阿里健康（海口）智慧互聯網醫院有限公司)
           Alibaba Health (Hainan) Internet Hospital Co.,          Hongyun Jiukang     100%    Network hospital services
              Ltd. (阿里健康（海南）互聯網醫院有限公司)
                  ^


           Alibaba Health (Hainan) Remote Medical                  Hongyun Jiukang     100%    Operation of offline medical
              Centre Co., Ltd.   ^
                                                                                                 institutions
              (阿里健康（海南）遠程醫療中心有限公司)
           Hangzhou Hongyun Kangsheng Equity                       Hongyun Jiukang     100%    Investment holding and
              Investment Co., Ltd.^                                                              asset management
              (杭州弘雲康晟股權投資有限公司)
           Alibaba Health Technology (Guangzhou) Co.,              Hongyun Jiukang     100%    Provision of healthcare
              Ltd. (阿里健康科技（廣州）有限公司)
                  ^
                                                                                                 related Internet
                                                                                                 information services
           Alibaba Health Network Hospital Co., Ltd.           ^
                                                                   Hongyun Jiukang     100%    Network hospital services
              (阿里健康網絡醫院有限公司)
           Chongqing Bianque Health Data Technology                Hongyun Jiukang      90%    Healthcare related technical
              Co., Ltd^ (重慶扁鵲健康數據技術有限公司)                                                         services
           Alibaba Health Technology (Beijing) Company             Hongyun Jiukang     100%    Provision of Internet
              Limited* (阿里健康科技（北京）有限公司)                                                          information services
           Jiubaoxing Technology (Hainan) Co., Ltd.        ^
                                                                   Hongyun Jiukang     100%    Provision of e-commerce
              (久寶星科技（海南）有限公司)                                                                    sales services
           Hangzhou Kangtao Information Technology                 Hongyun Jiukang     100%    Healthcare related Internet
              Co., Ltd.^ (杭州康淘信息技術有限公司)                                                          information services
           Beijing Zichen Zhengyang Technology Co.,                Hongyun Jiukang     100%    Provision of Internet
              Ltd.^ (北京紫宸正陽科技有限公司)                                                               information services
                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   53




                                                                                                   DIRECTORS’ REPORT


(b)   Summary of the major terms of the Structured Contracts

      As at March 31, 2022, in respect of the Contractual Arrangements, there were two sets of ongoing Structured
      Contracts in place:

      (i)    in respect of Hongyun Jiukang, entered into among Alibaba Health (China) (formerly known as Alibaba
             Health Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康科技（北京）有限公司)) (as the Company’s subsidiary),
             Hongyun Jiukang (as the Opco), and Beijing Jiukangbao (as the Registered Owner) (as applicable); and

      (ii)   in respect of Alibaba Health Hebei, entered into among Alibaba Health (China) (as the Company’s subsidiary),
             Alibaba Health Hebei (as the Opco), and Beijing Jiukangbao (as the Registered Owner) (as applicable).

      Each of the above sets of Structured Contracts includes substantially similar terms and a brief summary of the
      major terms are set out below:

      (1)    Exclusive Service Agreements (獨家服務協議)

             Pursuant to the Exclusive Service Agreements, the relevant Opco agreed to engage Alibaba Health
             (China) as its exclusive provider of technical support and consultancy services (the “Technical Services”)
             in connection with the relevant Opco’s business (to the extent permitted under the applicable PRC laws)
             in exchange for service fees. The service fees are fixed with reference to the actual content and
             commercial value of the Technical Services and Alibaba Health (China) may, subject to mutual agreement,
             adjust the amount of service fees. Unless otherwise prescribed under the PRC laws and regulations and
             subject to limitations under the Exclusive Service Agreements, Alibaba Health (China) shall have exclusive
             proprietary rights to any intellectual property (including but not limited to copyright, patent, technical
             secret and trade secret) in the work product developed by Alibaba Health (China) or the relevant Opco in
             the course of the provision of services under the relevant Exclusive Service Agreement. Each of the
             Exclusive Service Agreements has a term of 20 years and will be automatically renewed for consecutive
             terms of one year upon expiry unless otherwise notified by Alibaba Health (China). The relevant Exclusive
             Service Agreement shall be terminated prior to expiration in the event that the business period of either
             Alibaba Health (China) or the relevant Opco expires.
54   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


           (2)    Loan Agreements (借款協議)

                  Pursuant to the Loan Agreements, Alibaba Health (China) agreed to provide any interest-free loans to the
                  relevant Registered Owner as capital contribution to the relevant Opco only and may not use such loans
                  for other purposes without the consent of Alibaba Health (China). The Registered Owner, in return for the
                  provision of loans, agreed to enter into an equity interest pledge agreement with Alibaba Health (China) to
                  pledge all of his or her equity interests in the relevant Opco as security. The term of each loan under the
                  relevant Loan Agreement is 20 years from the effective date, or for a period until expiration of the
                  business period of Alibaba Health (China) or the relevant Opco, whichever is earlier. The Registered
                  Owner shall repay the loan upon expiration of the term or any earlier time as may be determined by
                  Alibaba Health (China) at its absolute discretion. In such circumstances, unless otherwise prohibited by
                  the applicable laws and regulations, Alibaba Health (China) or its designee is entitled to acquire all equity
                  interest held by the relevant Registered Owner in the relevant Opco for a consideration equal to the loan
                  amount. The Registered Owner shall waive any pre-emptive rights upon transfer of equity interest in the
                  relevant Opco to Alibaba Health (China). Any tax arising from the loan shall be borne by the Registered
                  Owner and Alibaba Health (China) in accordance with the applicable PRC laws.

           (3)    Equity Interest Pledge Agreements (股權質押協議)

                  Pursuant to the Equity Interest Pledge Agreements, the Registered Owner agreed to pledge all their
                  respective equity interests in the relevant Opco to Alibaba Health (China), as a security interest to
                  guarantee the performance of contractual obligations and the payment of outstanding loans of the
                  Registered Owner. Unless due to the intentional misconduct or gross negligence of Alibaba Health
                  (China), Alibaba Health (China) shall not be liable for any decrease in value of the pledged interests, and
                  the Registered Owner shall not have any right to claim against Alibaba Health (China) as a result of such
                  decrease in value. However, in the event that the decrease in value of the pledged interests may
                  jeopardize rights of Alibaba Health (China), or upon occurrence of default, Alibaba Health (China) may
                  auction or sell the pledged interests for and on behalf of the Registered Owner and allocate the money
                  received for loan prepayment or deposit such money to Alibaba Health (China)’s local notary office. The
                  pledge in respect of an Opco takes effect upon the completion of registration with the competent
                  authority and shall remain valid until all the contractual obligations of the Registered Owner and the
                  relevant Opco under the relevant set of Structured Contracts have been fully performed and that all
                  outstanding loans have been fully repaid. During the period of the pledge, without the prior written
                  consent of Alibaba Health (China), the Registered Owner shall not create or agree to create any new
                  pledge or other security on the equity interests of the relevant Opco, nor assign or transfer any of the
                  equity interests in the relevant Opco.
                                                           ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   55




                                                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT


(4)   Powers of Attorney on Shareholders’ Voting Rights (股東表決權委託協議)

      Pursuant to the Powers of Attorney on Shareholders’ Voting Rights, the Registered Owner irrevocably
      appointed designee(s) of Alibaba Health (China), who are PRC nationals, to act as its attorney on its
      behalf to exercise all rights in connection with matters concerning its right as shareholder of the relevant
      Opco, including but not limited to: (a) attending the shareholders’ meeting of the relevant Opco as
      representative of the relevant Registered Owner; (b) exercising shareholders’ voting rights on resolutions
      at shareholders’ meeting, including but not limited to, the designation and appointment of directors and
      other senior management that has to be appointed by the shareholders; (c) other matters decided or
      executed by the shareholders pursuant to the relevant constitutional documents; and (d) signing relevant
      documents when the relevant Registered Owner sell or transfer all or part of its equity interests pursuant
      to the Exclusive Option Agreements. The Powers of Attorney on Shareholders’ Voting Rights shall remain
      effective for 20 years and will be automatically renewed for consecutive terms of one year upon expiry
      unless otherwise notified by Alibaba Health (China). The Powers of Attorney on Shareholders’ Voting
      Rights shall be terminated prior to expiration in the event that the business period of either Alibaba
      Health (China) or the relevant Opco expires.

(5)   Exclusive Option Agreements (獨家購買權協議)

      Pursuant to the Exclusive Option Agreements, the Registered Owner agreed to irrevocably,
      unconditionally and exclusively grant an exclusive option to Alibaba Health (China) so that Alibaba Health
      (China) may elect to purchase, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws, all or any part of the
      equity interests from the Registered Owner and/or all or any of the assets in the relevant Opco by
      themselves or through their designee(s). In the event that any of the options is exercised by Alibaba
      Health (China), the transfer price of the relevant equity interests and assets shall correspond to the
      registered capital amount and the net asset value, respectively, or the legal minimum price under the then
      applicable PRC laws (as the case may be). Subject to the applicable PRC laws, the Registered Owner
      shall transfer all the consideration it receives in relation to such transfer of equity interests and assets in
      the relevant Opco (or any proceeds resulting from the dissolution or winding up of the relevant Opco or
      any dividends or distributions received in the capacity of a Registered Owner) to Alibaba Health (China) or
      its designee, after deduction of applicable taxes and government fees. Pursuant to the Exclusive Option
      Agreements, without the prior written consent of Alibaba Health (China), the Registered Owner shall not
      sell, transfer, mortgage or dispose of in any manner any assets of the relevant Opco (except in the
      ordinary course of business) or legal or beneficial interest in the business or revenues of the relevant
      Opco, allow the creation of any security interest thereon, or allow the alteration of the registered capital
      of the relevant Opco or merger of the relevant Opco with any other entity. The Exclusive Option
      Agreements shall remain effective from the execution date and terminate when all the equity interests and
      assets of the relevant Opco have been legally transferred to Alibaba Health (China) or its designee in
      accordance with the terms of the relevant Exclusive Option Agreement.
56   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     (c)   Revenue and assets subject to the Contractual Arrangements

           During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Group expanded the scale of investments and business operated
           under the Opcos, and revenues generated from and assets held through the Opcos had begun to form a
           material portion of the Group’s total revenue and assets. The following table sets forth (i) revenue and (ii)
           assets involved in the Opcos which are consolidated into the Group’s financial statements pursuant to the
           Contractual Arrangements:

                                                                                          For the financial year ended
                                                                                                  March 31, 2022
                                                                                               Revenue             Assets
                                                                                           (RMB’000) (proportionate%
                                                                                                  to the Group)


           Hongyun Jiukang                                                                      394,563         1,730,941
                                                                                                  1.92%             9.01%
           Alibaba Health Hebei                                                                       —             83,570
                                                                                                     0%             0.44%

     (d)   Reasons for using the Contractual Arrangements

           According to the Catalogue for Guidance of Foreign Investment (外 商 投 資 產 業 指 導 目 錄) (the “FITE
           Regulations”), the proportion of foreign equity ownership in the entity that provides commercial Internet
           information services shall not exceed 50%. Further, according to the FITE Regulations, subject to the foreign
           ownership restrictions as set out above, the significant foreign investor of an entity that provides commercial
           Internet information services must also be able to demonstrate good performance of and experience in
           operating a value-added telecommunication business. As the Company and its subsidiaries do not meet such
           qualification requirement, neither the Company nor any of its offshore subsidiaries is qualified to apply to any
           competent government authorities to establish a foreign invested telecommunication enterprise and obtain an
           ICP License to operate the Restricted Businesses. In the opinion of the Company’s PRC legal advisers, the
           Contractual Arrangements do not violate applicable PRC laws and regulations.
                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   57




                                                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT


(e)   Risks associated with the Contractual Arrangements and the actions taken by the Group to mitigate
      the risks

      The Company’s PRC legal advisers had advised the Company that while the Contractual Arrangements do not
      violate the applicable PRC laws and regulations, there are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and
      application of the currently applicable PRC laws, rules, and regulations. As such, the Group believes the
      following risks are associated with the Contractual Arrangements:

      •    If the PRC government finds that the Contractual Arrangements that allow the Company to consolidate
           the results of operations, assets and liabilities, and cash flows of the Opcos which operate the Restricted
           Businesses do not comply with the applicable PRC laws and regulations, the Company could be subject
           to penalties and its business may be materially and adversely affected;

      •    Certain terms of the Contractual Arrangements may not be enforceable under the PRC laws;

      •    The Contractual Arrangements may not be as effective in providing control over the Opcos as equity
           ownership;

      •    Any failure by the Opcos or the Registered Owner to perform their obligations under the Contractual
           Arrangements would potentially lead to the Company having to incur additional costs and expend material
           resources to enforce such arrangements, temporary or permanent loss of control over the Restricted
           Businesses and the revenue from these businesses;

      •    The Registered Owner may have potential conflicts of interest with the Company, which may materially
           and adversely affect its business and financial condition;

      •    If any of Alibaba Health (China) or the Opcos becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or liquidation proceeding,
           the Company may lose the ability to use and enjoy certain important assets, which could materially and
           adversely affect its business; and

      •    The Company’s exercise of the option to acquire the equity interests of the Opcos may be subject to
           certain limitations and the ownership transfer may incur substantial costs.

      In view of the regulatory risks associated with the Contractual Arrangements, the Group closely follows the
      latest developments with regard to the relevant PRC laws, rules and regulations. The Group will seek
      professional legal advice when there are any changes or updates in this regard and to deal with specific issues
      arising from the Contractual Arrangements. The Group periodically reviews the Contractual Arrangements and
      assesses the financial situation of the Opcos on a regular basis.
58   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     (f)   Material changes in the foreign ownership restriction requirements

           The Contractual Arrangements have been put in place purely to allow the Group to comply with the foreign
           ownership restrictions under FITE Regulations. Save as disclosed, during the financial year ended March 31,
           2022, there was no other material change in the Contractual Arrangements and/or the circumstances under
           which they were adopted, and none of the Contractual Arrangements had been unwound as the regulatory
           restrictions that led to their adoptions were not removed.

     MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

     No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
     the Company were entered into or existed during the year ended March 31, 2022.

     PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

     A permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors is currently in force and was in force throughout the
     year ended March 31, 2022. The Company has taken out and maintained appropriate insurance coverage in respect
     of potential legal actions against the Directors and officers of the Company.

     DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN A COMPETING BUSINESS

     Pursuant to Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules, the following Director had declared interests in the following businesses
     (other than those businesses where the Directors were appointed as directors to represent the interests of the
     Company and/or any member of the Group) which are considered to compete or are likely to compete, either
     directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group during the year ended March 31, 2022:

     During the period between April 1, 2021 and October 13, 2021 (the “Relevant Period”), Mr. WU Yongming
     (“Mr. Wu”), a former non-executive Director, was the controlling shareholder of Hangzhou Vision Plus Capital
     Management Company Limited^ (杭州圓璟投資管理有限公司). Hangzhou Vision Plus Capital Management Company
     Limited^ (杭州圓璟投資管理有限公司) and its associates were one of the substantial shareholders or shareholders of
     the following companies: Choice Technology Inc., a company which operates a medical healthcare system and data
     services platform, Beijing Huifukang Information Consultancy Co., Ltd^ (北京惠福康信息諮詢有限公司), a company
     which operates an online doctor referral platform, Shanghai Mudi Biological Technology Co., Ltd.^ (上海妙一生物科技
     有限公司), a company which operates an online clinical research platform, Yawlih Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.^ (曜
     立科技（北京）有限公司), a company which provides hospital and other medical data cleansing technology solution,
     Lingyi Information Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.^ (翎醫信息科技（上海）有限公司), a company which provides
     maternity and infant-related patient management tools and marketing platform services, Shanghai Yiyong Health
     Information Consulting Co., Ltd.^ (上海易雍健康信息諮詢有限公司), a company engaging in third-party health
     insurance services, Hangzhou Yunhu Network Technology Co., Ltd.^ (杭州雲呼網絡科技有限公司), a company
     engaging in the operation of a medical examination resources Internet platform and Come Future Technology
     (Zhejiang) Company Limited^ (來未來科技（浙江）有限公司), a company engaging in the operation of enterprise
     intelligence platforms, Shanghai Fourier Intelligence Technology Limited^ (上海傅利葉智能科技有限公司), a company
     which provides technological and intelligent rehabilitation equipment and smart rehabilitation solutions, neoX Biotech
     Inc., a company engaging in AI-driven drug discovery and provision of outsourcing services on drug screening,
     Beijing Deep Potential Technology Limited^ (北京深勢科技有限公司), a company engaging in the provision of software
                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   59




                                                                                                   DIRECTORS’ REPORT


services on the computation for drug discovery as well as design and research of new materials, Beijing Percutek
Therapeutics Co., Ltd.^ (北京華脈泰科股份有限公司), a company engaging in the research, development and
manufacture of new Class III medical intervention devices. These companies, directly or through their subsidiaries or
associates or by way of other forms of investments, carry out businesses which are considered to compete or likely
to compete with the businesses of the Group.

Given that Mr. Wu was a non-executive Director of the Company during the Relevant Period and did not participate
in the day-to-day operations of the Group, the Directors believe that it would be unlikely that Mr. Wu’s aforesaid
interests in the above companies would cause any material adverse impact to the business of the Group. Mr. Wu
had confirmed that he was fully aware of and had been discharging his fiduciary duties to the Company to avoid
conflicts of interest. In situations where any conflicts of interest arise, Mr. Wu would have refrained from participating
in discussion, taking part in the decision-making process and voting on the relevant Board resolutions at the Board
meetings.

In addition, Mr. Wu had also voluntarily entered into a deed of non-competition dated September 17, 2015 in favor
of the Company to agree to certain measures to minimize potential competition between the Company and the
business(es) invested in by certain funds in which he is interested. The deed of non-competition is valid for the
period commencing on the date of the deed of non-competition until the earlier of either of the following events or
circumstances occurs:

(a)   the liquidation of the relevant funds is completed, provided that if any successor fund is raised, the date shall
      be extended to such date when (i) the liquidation of all successor funds is completed and (ii) Mr. Wu has no
      intention to raise any additional successor fund; or

(b)   Mr. Wu ceases to be a Director, or to otherwise hold a position in the Company which owes fiduciary duties to
      the Company.

The Company believes that the deed of non-competition provides adequate measures to monitor, and the
opportunity to address, any acquisitions of interests of Mr. Wu in businesses which are considered to compete or are
likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the Group. The Company would like to
emphasize that the Board is independent from the boards of directors of the above-mentioned entities, and is
accountable to the Shareholders as a whole. Coupled with the diligence of its independent non-executive Directors
whose views carry significant weight in the Board’s decisions, the Group is capable of carrying on its businesses
independently of, and at arm’s length from, the businesses of the above-mentioned entities in which Mr. Wu is
interested.

Save as disclosed, during the year ended March 31, 2022 and up to the date of this report, none of the Directors is
considered to have interests in a business which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with
the business of the Group and has any other conflicts of interest, as required to be disclosed under the Listing
Rules.
60   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


     TAX RELIEF

     The Company is not aware of any relief on taxation available to the Shareholders by reason of their holdings of the
     Shares. If the Shareholders are unsure about the taxation implications of purchasing, holding, disposing of, dealing in,
     or exercising of any rights in relation to the Shares, they are advised to consult their professional advisers.

     SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

     Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and to the knowledge of the Directors, at least 25%
     of the Company’s total issued share capital was held by the public as at the date of this report.

     AUDITOR

     During the year ended March 31, 2015, Messrs. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu resigned as auditor of the Company and
     Messrs. Ernst & Young were appointed by the Directors to fill the casual vacancy so arising. There have been no
     other changes of auditor since then. A resolution for the reappointment of Ernst & Young as auditor of the Company
     will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

     On behalf of the Board




     ZHU Shunyan
     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

     Hong Kong
     May 25, 2022

     ^
           For identification purpose only
                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   61




BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. ZHU Shunyan, aged 51, was appointed as an executive Director, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive
Officer of the Company on March 16, 2020. Mr. Zhu is a partner of the Alibaba Partnership and the President of the
Innovation Initiatives Segment of the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company, Alibaba Holding (with its
American depositary shares, each representing eight ordinary shares, listed on the New York Stock Exchange (Stock
Symbol: BABA), and its ordinary shares listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 9988)). Since
May 2020, he has also been a director of Meinian Onehealth Healthcare Holdings Co., Ltd.^ (美年大健康產業控股股
份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (“SZSE”) (Stock Code: 2044) (“Meinian Onehealth”).
Prior to joining Alibaba Group, Mr. Zhu founded Wuhan Xuncai Technology Co., Ltd.^ (武漢迅彩科技公司) in 2003.
He joined the founding team of UC Browser in 2007 as senior vice president, and was responsible for the marketing
and commercialization of UC Browser. The business of UC Browser was acquired by Alibaba Group in June 2014.
Subsequently, Mr. Zhu had served as (i) the president of Alimama Business Group, a leading big data marketing
platform in the PRC operated by Alibaba Group; (ii) the president of UC Browser; (iii) the president of New Media
Businesses of Alibaba Digital Media & Entertainment Business Group, responsible for the business departments of UC
Browser, Alibaba Music and Innovation Business; and (iv) the president of the Intelligent Information Business Group.
Mr. Zhu obtained a Bachelor of Science Degree in Mathematics in 1993 from Yanshan University in the PRC. He
obtained a Master Degree in Computing Software in 1996 from Huazhong University of Science and Technology in
the PRC.

Mr. SHEN Difan, aged 43, was appointed as an executive Director on October 13, 2021. He is currently the chief
operating officer of the Company. He has been a special assistant to the chairman of the board of directors of
Alibaba Holding since March 2020. Mr. Shen was an executive Director and chief executive officer of the Company
from March 2018 to March 2020. Prior to the previous term with the Company, he was the general manager of
Alibaba Group’s AliExpress business from March 2012, leading the rapid expansion of AliExpress and growing
Alibaba Group’s overseas brand influence. Mr. Shen had held various positions in Alibaba Group since he joined in
2004, including in relation to B2B product operations, and in the security department and advertising product
department. Mr. Shen holds a Bachelor Degree in Computing from Yantai University. Mr. Shen also acts as a
consultant to Alibaba Group.

Mr. TU Yanwu, aged 44, has been the chief financial officer of the Company since April 2020, and is responsible for
the overall financial management and the formulation and implementation of the Group’s strategies. Prior to that,
Mr. Tu was a senior finance director of the Group from September 2019 to March 2020, and was seconded to
Guizhou Ensure Chain Pharmacy Company Limited^ (貴州一樹連鎖藥業有限公司) to act as its chief financial officer
and senior vice president from October 2018 to August 2019. Before joining the Group, Mr. Tu was the finance
director of WuXi AppTec Co., Ltd.^ (無錫藥明康德新藥開發股份有限公司) (“WuXi AppTec”) from December 2015 to
September 2018, where he led the accounting and reporting team since the delisting of WuXi PharmaTech (Cayman)
Inc. from the New York Stock Exchange through the initial public offering and listing of WuXi AppTec on the
Shanghai Stock Exchange. From April 2008 to April 2015, Mr. Tu held various finance positions at different
departments of General Motors, including being in charge of special projects in the Asia-Pacific region and holding
financial reporting and management positions in the North American region. Mr. Tu also had over five years of
experience in auditing at Arthur Anderson and PricewaterhouseCoopers in Shanghai where he led the audit team to
work on initial public offering and listing projects across different industries. Mr. Tu obtained a Bachelor of Arts
Degree in Economics and Business Administration in June 2001 from Fudan University and he is also a member of
the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants.
62   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


     NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

     Mr. LI Faguang, aged 46, was appointed as a non-executive Director on October 13, 2021. During the period from
     March 2019 to December 2021, he served as a non-executive director of AGTech Holdings Limited (“AGTech”)
     (Stock Code: 8279). AGTech is an affiliated company of the Company and an indirect non-wholly owned subsidiary
     of Alibaba Holding. Mr. Li joined Alibaba Group in February 2016 and is currently a senior financial controller of
     Alibaba Holding. Mr. Li has extensive experience in financial management. Prior to joining Alibaba Holding, Mr. Li
     worked at 奧的斯機電電梯有限公司 (Otis Electric Elevator Co., Ltd.^) (formerly known as 西子奧的斯電梯有限公司
     (Xizi Otis Elevator Co., Ltd.^)) as director of financial analysis and a regional financial controller from May 2012 to
     February 2016. Prior to that, he worked at Dell (China) Company Limited for approximately seven years and his last
     position was senior financial manager. He obtained a Bachelor Degree in Finance from Nankai University in June
     1998 and a Master Degree in Finance and Management from Loughborough University in December 2005.

     INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

     Mr. LUO Tong, aged 55, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on May 9, 2014. Mr. Luo is
     currently the chief strategy officer of Yiguo Information Technology Co., Ltd. Mr. Luo has over 20 years of
     experience of retailing operation and management. Before joining the Board, he worked as the regional general
     manager for Walmart’s Zhejiang Province Operations, the vice president of operations and development for China
     Nepstar Chain Drugstore Ltd., the vice president of operations for Tesiro Jewellery Company and the general
     manager of retail development of Guangzhou Pharmaceuticals Corporation. Mr. Luo has obtained a diploma in
     business administration from Guangzhou Finance and Trade Management Institute and a diploma in English from
     Guangdong Social Science College.

     Mr. WONG King On, Samuel, aged 69, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on May 9, 2014.
     Mr. Wong is currently an independent non-executive director and chairman of the audit committee of Analogue
     Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 1977), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange in July 2019.
     During the period from October 2010 to November 2013, Mr. Wong was an independent non-executive director and
     chairman of the audit committee of Yashili International Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 1230) which was listed on the
     Main Board of the Stock Exchange. Mr. Wong has over 30 years of experience in accounting and finance. Mr. Wong
     joined Ernst & Young in October 1979 and was elected to its partnership in January 1993. Mr. Wong was the
     managing partner, China Central of Ernst & Young and a member of the management committee of the China firm of
     Ernst & Young from 2005 until his retirement in 2010. Mr. Wong was a professor of practice (accounting) of the
     school of accounting and finance of the Hong Kong Polytechnic University from September 2013 to August 2016,
     and also an adjunct professor of the school of accounting & finance of the Hong Kong Polytechnic University from
     2002 to 2010. Mr. Wong was the president of Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) Hong Kong for
     1998–1999 and a member of the global council of ACCA from 1999 to 2005. Mr. Wong was also the first
     non-European global president of ACCA for 2003–2004. Mr. Wong is a member of the Hong Kong Institute of
     Certified Public Accountants, a member of the ACCA and a Certified Practising Accountant Australia. Mr. Wong
     obtained a master of business administration degree from the University of Bradford, United Kingdom in December
     1978. Mr. Wong was awarded the Binder Hamlyn Prize for the best student in financial management in 1978.
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   63




                                       BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa), aged 49, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on June 9, 2019.
Ms. Huang is currently a General Partner at BioVeda China Fund (BVCF). Ms. Huang has over 20 years of
investment banking experience in the United States and Hong Kong. Prior to joining BVCF, she was Head of
Emerging Asia Healthcare Investment Banking at J.P. Morgan. During her time in investment banking, Ms. Huang
worked with companies and investors across Asia Pacific as well as global multinational companies and institutional
investors. Her coverage included all subsectors of healthcare including pharmaceutical, biotech, medtech and
services. She advised on multiple cross-border mergers and acquisitions and different stages of capital raising.
Ms. Huang is a member of the Biotech Advisory Panel of the Stock Exchange and a member of the Admission
Panel of the Incu-Bio Incubation Programme of the Hong Kong Science and Technology Parks Corporation.
Ms. Huang holds a Master of Business Administration from The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania.

COMPANY SECRETARY

Ms. LEE Wai Yan Vivian, was appointed as the company secretary of the Company on August 24, 2020 and
resigned on June 30, 2022. Ms. Lee has more than 10 years of working experience in the legal field. She was a
senior legal director at Fosun International Limited (Stock Code: 0656) from December 2015 to December 2018. She
also worked at the Hong Kong office of various international law firms from 2008 to 2015. Ms. Lee obtained a
Bachelor of Arts degree from the University of British Columbia (Canada) and a Graduate Diploma in Law (Common
Professional Examination) and qualified to practice law in England and Wales. She was admitted as a solicitor of the
High Court of Hong Kong in 2007 and is currently a member of the Law Society of Hong Kong. During the
Reporting Period, Ms. Lee did not receive any remuneration from the Company.

Ms. CHUN Ka Yan, was appointed as the company secretary of the Company on June 30, 2022. For details of the
biographical information of Ms. Chun, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated June 30, 2022.

Save as disclosed in this report, each of the Directors did not (i) have any relationship with any Directors, senior
management, substantial Shareholders or controlling Shareholders; (ii) hold any directorship in any other Hong Kong
or overseas listed public companies in the last three years; and (iii) hold any other positions with the Company or
other members of the Group. For details of the interests and short positions of the Directors in the share capital and
underlying shares of the Company or its associated corporations within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO, please
refer to the section headed “Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in Shares and Underlying
Shares”. Further, save as disclosed in this report, there is no other matter with respect to the Directors that needs to
be brought to the attention of the Shareholders and there is no other information of the Directors that is required to
be disclosed pursuant to Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules.

^
     For identification purpose only
64   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     The Company strives to attain and maintain high standards of corporate governance continuously as it believes that
     effective corporate governance practices are fundamental to safeguarding the interests of its Shareholders and other
     stakeholders, and to enhancing shareholder value.

     In the opinion of the Board, throughout the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company has complied with the code
     provisions (“Code Provision(s)”) set out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) under Appendix 14 to
     the Listing Rules, except in respect of the following matters:

     According to Code Provision A.2.1 (which has been renumbered as C.2.1 of the CG Code since January 1, 2022),
     the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be separate and should not be performed by the same
     individual. Mr. ZHU Shunyan has been appointed as both the chairman of the Board (the “Chairman”) and the chief
     executive officer of the Company (the “Chief Executive Officer”), with effect from March 16, 2020. After joining the
     Group, Mr. Zhu is primarily responsible for overseeing the Group’s general management and business development
     and for formulating business strategies and policies for its business management and operations. The Directors
     consider that it is the most suitable for Mr. Zhu to hold both the positions of the Chairman and the Chief Executive
     Officer as they believe that it will ensure consistent leadership within the Group and enables more effective and
     efficient overall strategic planning of the Group. The Board is also of the view that the balance of power and
     authority for the present arrangement will not be impaired and this structure will enable the Company to make and
     implement decisions promptly and effectively. The Board will continue to review and consider splitting the roles of the
     Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer at a time when it is appropriate and suitable by taking into account the
     circumstances of the Group as a whole.

     Code Provision C.1.2 (which has been renumbered as D.1.2 of the CG Code since January 1, 2022) stipulates that
     management should provide all members of the Board with monthly updates giving a balanced and understandable
     assessment of the Company’s performance, position and prospects in sufficient details to enable the Board as a
     whole and each Director to discharge their duties under Rule 3.08 and Chapter 13 of the Listing Rules. The
     Company from time to time, based on business needs and conditions, provides to the Board up-to-date business
     information and convenes ad hoc meetings for considering material business or management issues, so as to enable
     the Directors and the Board as a whole to discharge their duties.

     THE BOARD

     Composition

     As at March 31, 2022 and up to the date of this report, the Board comprised seven Directors, including (i) three
     executive Directors, namely Mr. ZHU Shunyan, Mr. SHEN Difan and Mr. TU Yanwu; (ii) one non-executive Director,
     namely Mr. LI Faguang; and (iii) three independent non-executive Directors, namely Mr. LUO Tong, Mr. WONG King
     On, Samuel and Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa). The name and biographical details of each Director are disclosed on
     pages 61 to 63 of this report.
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   65




                                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Mr. SHEN Difan and Mr. LI Faguang were appointed as executive Director and non-executive Director on October
13, 2021, respectively. Mr. WU Yongming and Mr. XU Hong resigned as non-executive Directors on October 13,
2021. The non-executive Directors and the independent non-executive Directors are appointed for a term of one year
and their respective appointment shall be renewable automatically for successive term of one year each commencing
from the next day after the expiry of the then current term of their appointment unless terminated by the Company
in accordance with the term of their appointment letters and the provisions of the bye-laws of the Company,
respectively.

During the year ended March 31, 2022 and up to the date of this report, all Directors have brought a wide
spectrum of valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for the efficient and effective
delivery of the Board’s functions. The independent non-executive Directors are invited to serve on the Audit
Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination Committee of the Company.

Each independent non-executive Director, pursuant to the guidelines set out in rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, has
confirmed he/she had been independent of the Company throughout the year ended March 31, 2022 and up to the
date of this report, and the Company also considers that they have been independent. Each independent
non-executive Director is subject to the requirement that one-third of all the Directors shall retire from office by
rotation at each annual general meeting pursuant to the bye-laws of the Company. Save as disclosed, there is no
relationship (including financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationship) between each Director
(including independent non-executive Director) and the other members of the Board or the senior management and
between the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer.

Function

The key responsibilities of the Board include, among other things, formulating the Group’s overall strategies, setting
any major acquisition and disposal, major capital investment and dividend policies, regulating and reviewing internal
controls, formulating the Company’s corporate governance policy, ensuring effective governance and oversight of ESG
matters, assessing and managing material environmental and social risks, supervising management’s performance
and reviewing the adequacy of the Group’s resources.

The independent non-executive Directors play a significant role on the Board by virtue of their independent judgment
and their views carry significant weight in the Board’s decisions. They bring an impartial view on issues of the
Company’s strategies, performance and controls.

The Company views that well-developed and timely reporting systems and internal controls are essential, and the
Board plays a key role in the implementation and monitoring of internal financial controls.
66   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     The Board recognizes that corporate governance should be the collective responsibility of Directors and their
     corporate governance duties include:

     (a)   to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and to make
           recommendations to the Board;

     (b)   to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior management;

     (c)   to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory requirements;

     (d)   to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to employees and
           Directors; and

     (e)   to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the corporate governance report.

     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

     Mr. ZHU Shunyan has been appointed as the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer of the
     Company, with effect from March 16, 2020, which does not comply with Code Provision A.2.1 (which has been
     renumbered as C.2.1 of the CG Code since January 1, 2022) requiring the roles of chairman and chief executive
     officer to be separate and not to be performed by the same individual.

     After joining the Group, Mr. Zhu is primarily responsible for overseeing the Group’s general management and
     business development and for formulating business strategies and policies for the Group’s business management and
     operations. The Directors consider that it is suitable for Mr. Zhu to hold both the positions of the Chairman of the
     Board and the Chief Executive Officer as they believe that such arrangement will ensure consistent leadership within
     the Group and enable more effective and efficient overall strategic planning of the Group. The Board is also of the
     view that the balance of power and authority under the present arrangement will not be impaired and this structure
     will enable the Company to make and implement decisions promptly and effectively. The Board will regularly review
     and consider splitting the roles of the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer at a time when it is
     appropriate and suitable by taking into account the circumstances of the Group as a whole.
                                                           ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   67




                                                                         CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Board held seven Board meetings during the year ended March 31, 2022. Agenda and accompanying board
papers were sent to all Directors in a timely manner. Directors who could not attend in person could participate
through electronic means of communications. Individual attendance of each Director at the Board meetings, Board
Committee meetings and general meetings during the year ended March 31, 2022 are set out in the table below:

                                      Number of meetings attended/Number of meetings eligible to attend
                                     Annual     Special                        Audit Remuneration           Nomination
                                    General     General      Board      Committee           Committee        Committee
Directors                           Meeting     Meeting    Meeting          Meeting             Meeting          Meeting


Executive Directors
Mr. ZHU Shunyan (Chairman)               1/1         1/1         7/7             N/A                 N/A               2/2
Mr. SHEN Difan
  (appointed on October 13, 2021)        N/A         1/1         5/5             N/A                 N/A              N/A
Mr. TU Yanwu                             1/1         1/1         7/7             N/A                 N/A              N/A


Non-executive Directors
Mr. LI Faguang
  (appointed on October 13, 2021)        N/A         1/1         4/5             N/A                  1/1             N/A
Mr. WU Yongming
  (resigned on October 13, 2021)         1/1        N/A          2/2             N/A                  1/1             N/A
Mr. XU Hong
  (resigned on October 13, 2021)         1/1        N/A          2/2             N/A                 N/A              N/A


Independent Non-executive
  Directors
Mr. LUO Tong                             1/1         1/1         7/7              3/3                N/A               2/2
Mr. WONG King On, Samuel                 1/1         1/1         7/7              3/3                 2/2              2/2
Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa)               1/1         1/1         7/7              3/3                 2/2             N/A
68   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Directors’ Training

     Each newly-appointed Director is offered training by the Company upon his or her appointment, so as to ensure that
     they have appropriate understanding of the Company’s business and they are aware of their duties as directors
     under the applicable laws and regulations.

     Pursuant to Code Provision A.6.5 (which has been renumbered as C.1.4 of the CG Code since January 1, 2022), all
     directors should participate in continuous professional development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills.
     This is to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains informed and relevant. During the financial year ended
     March 31, 2022, all of the following Directors participated in continuous professional development by attending
     seminar or by self-studying of materials on topics related to corporate governance, regulations and business:

     Executive Directors

     Mr. ZHU Shunyan                                                    Attend seminar and self-study
     Mr. SHEN Difan (appointed on October 13, 2021)                     Attend seminar and self-study
     Mr. TU Yanwu                                                       Attend seminar and self-study

     Non-executive Directors

     Mr. LI Faguang (appointed on October 13, 2021)                     Attend seminar and self-study
     Mr. WU Yongming (resigned on October 13, 2021)                     Attend seminar and self-study
     Mr. XU Hong (resigned on October 13, 2021)                         Attend seminar and self-study

     Independent Non-executive Directors

     Mr. LUO Tong                                                       Attend seminar and self-study
     Mr. WONG King On, Samuel                                           Attend seminar and self-study
     Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa)                                         Attend seminar and self-study

     Board Committees

     During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Company maintained the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee
     and the Remuneration Committee in compliance with the Listing Rules and the relevant Code Provisions.

     Remuneration Committee

     During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Remuneration Committee comprised Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa)
     (Chairman), Mr. WU Yongming (resigned on October 13, 2021), Mr. LI Faguang (appointed on October 13, 2021)
     and Mr. WONG King On, Samuel, with specific terms of reference which clearly deals with its authority and duties.
                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   69




                                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The main duties of the Remuneration Committee include:

(a)   to make recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy for and structure of remuneration for all Directors
      and senior management and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing the
      remuneration policy;

(b)   to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and
      senior management, including benefits in kind, pension rights and compensation payments, and make
      recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors;

(c)   to review and approve the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate goals
      and objectives; and

(d)   to review and approve any proposed grant of options and restricted share units on behalf of the Board in
      accordance with any share award scheme adopted by the Company and in force from time to time under
      certain authorization.

The Remuneration Committee held two meetings for the year ended March 31, 2022. The Remuneration Committee
discussed and made recommendations on the remuneration to be paid to the Directors for the year ended March
31, 2022, and the grant of share options and restricted share units under the share award scheme of the Company
adopted by the Company on November 24, 2014.

Audit Committee

During the year ended March 31, 2022, the Audit Committee comprised Mr. WONG King On, Samuel (Chairman),
Mr. LUO Tong and Ms. HUANG Yi Fei (Vanessa), with specific terms of reference which clearly deals with its
authority and duties.

The main duties of the Audit Committee include:

(a)   to consider the appointment of the external auditor and any questions in relation to its resignation or dismissal;

(b)   to discuss with the external auditor the nature and scope of the audit;

(c)   to review the half-year and annual financial statements before submission to the Board;

(d)   to discuss problems and reservations arising from the interim and final audits, and any matters the auditor may
      wish to discuss;

(e)   to review the external auditor’s management letter and management’s response;

(f)   to review the Company’s financial reporting system, risk management systems and internal control procedures;

(g)   to review the internal audit function, and ensure coordination with external auditor, and ensure the internal audit
      function has adequate resources and appropriate standing within the Company;
70   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     (h)   to discuss the risk management and internal control system with management to ensure that management has
           performed its duty to have an effective system. This discussion should include the adequacy of resources, staff
           qualifications and experience, training program and budget of the Company’s accounting and financial reporting
           function; and

     (i)   to consider the major findings of internal investigations and management’s response (if any).

     The Audit Committee held three meetings for the financial year ended March 31, 2022. The Audit Committee
     reviewed the financial statements of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2021 and for the six months period
     ended September 30, 2021, re-appointment of Ernst & Young as auditor of the Company, internal controls and risk
     management system and Ernst & Young’s audit plan for the year ended March 31, 2022, and made relevant
     recommendations to the Board for its approval.

     During the year under review, a specialized internal audit function carried out the analysis and independent appraisal
     of the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems.

     Nomination Committee

     The Nomination Committee comprised Mr. ZHU Shunyan (Chairman), Mr. LUO Tong and Mr. WONG King On,
     Samuel, with specific terms of reference which clearly deals with its authority and duties.

     The main duties of the Nomination Committee include:

     (a)   to review the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board at
           least annually and to make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the
           Company’s corporate strategy;

     (b)   to identify individuals suitably qualified to become members of the Board and to select or to make
           recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships;

     (c)   to assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors; and

     (d)   to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession
           planning for Directors, in particular the chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer of the Company.

     The Nomination Committee held two meetings for the year ended March 31, 2022. The Nomination Committee,
     identified and nominated qualified individual(s) for appointment as additional Director(s) or to fill Board vacancies as
     and when they arise, assessed the independence of the independent non-executive Directors, reviewed the
     retirement schedule, made recommendations on the retirement and re-election of Directors and reviewed the
     composition, size and diversity of the Board.
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   71




                                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


NOMINATION POLICY

The Board has adopted a nomination policy which sets out the criteria and process in the nomination and
appointment of Directors. Below are the nomination procedures and the process and criteria adopted by the
Nomination Committee to select and recommend candidates for directorship.

Selection Criteria

The Nomination Committee shall consider the following criteria in evaluating and selecting candidates for
directorships:

•     character and integrity;

•     qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience and diversity aspects under
      the board diversity policy that are relevant to the Company’s business and corporate strategy;

•     any measurable objectives adopted for achieving diversity on the Board;

•     (in case of independent non-executive Directors) requirement for the Board to have independent non-executive
      Directors in accordance with the Listing Rules and whether the candidate would be considered independent
      with reference to the independence guidelines set out in the Listing Rules;

•     any potential contributions the candidate can bring to the Board in terms of qualifications, skills, experience,
      independence and gender diversity;

•     willingness and ability to devote adequate time to discharge duties as a member of the Board and/or Board
      committee(s) of the Company; and

•     any other perspectives that are appropriate to the Company’s business and succession plan and where applicable,
      may be adopted and/or amended by the Board and/or the Nomination Committee from time to time for
      nomination of Directors and succession planning.
72   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Directors Nomination Procedures

     The Board has the relevant procedures for Directors’ nomination which are pursuant to the Listing Rules and the
     Company’s bye-laws as detailed below.

     (a)   Appointment of New Director

           The Nomination Committee or the company secretary of the Company shall call for a meeting of the
           Nomination Committee upon receipt of any nominations of candidates. The Nomination Committee should
           evaluate such candidate based on the selection criteria mentioned above to determine whether such candidate
           is qualified for directorship. The Nomination Committee should then recommend to the Board to appoint the
           appropriate candidate for directorship. For any person that is nominated by a Shareholder for election as a
           Director at the general meeting, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should evaluate such candidate
           based on the same selection criteria as mentioned above to determine whether such candidate is qualified for
           directorship, and where appropriate, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should make
           recommendation to the Shareholders in respect of the proposed election of Director at the general meeting.
           The Board should have the final decision on all matters relating to its recommendation of candidates to stand
           for election at any general meeting.

     (b)   Re-election of Director at General Meeting

           Retiring Directors are eligible for nomination by the Board to stand for re-election at the general meeting
           according to the bye-laws of the Company. The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should review the
           overall contribution and service of the retiring Director to the Company, his/her level of participation and
           performance on the Board and determine whether the retiring Director continues to meet the above selection
           criteria. The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should then make recommendation to the Shareholders
           in respect of the proposed re-election of Director at the general meeting.

     Board and Workforce Diversity

     With effect from June 19, 2014, the Board adopted a board diversity policy setting out the approach to achieve
     diversity on the Board. The Board considered that the diversity of Board members can be achieved through the
     consideration of a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational background,
     ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. All Board appointments will be based on
     meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits of
     diversity of the Board. The Nomination Committee reviews the board diversity policy on a regular basis and
     discusses any revisions that might be required, and recommends to the Board for consideration and approval.
                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   73




                                                                            CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


As at March 31, 2022, the Board comprised six males and one female and the senior management of the Group
(excluding the Executive Directors) comprised 1,053 males and 796 female, and among the 1,849 full-time
employees of the Group, the ratio of male to female staff was approximately 1.32 : 1. The Board considers that the
Board, the Group’s senior management and workforce are all diverse in terms of gender. At present, the Company
has not set any measurable objectives for implementation of the diversity policies in relation to the Board members
and the workforce of the Group (including gender diversity). However, the Company will consider and review from
time to time such diversity policies (including gender diversity) and setting of any measurable objectives (if
applicable).

Model Code for Securities Transactions

The Company has adopted the Model Code to regulate the Directors’ dealings in the Group’s securities. In response
to specific enquiries by the Company, all Directors, including the existing Directors and the former Directors who had
been Directors during the year ended March 31, 2022, have confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code
in their securities transactions throughout the year ended March 31, 2022.

COMPANY SECRETARY

With effect from June 30, 2022, Ms. LEE Wai Yan Vivian resigned as the company secretary of the Company in
order to focus on the other business affairs of Alibaba Group, and the Company appointed Ms. CHUN Ka Yan as
the company secretary of the Company on the same day.

Ms. LEE Wai Yan Vivian confirms that she has complied with all the required qualifications, experience and training
requirements of the Listing Rules for the year ended March 31, 2022.

AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

The remuneration paid to Ernst & Young for audit and non-audit services for the year ended March 31, 2022
amounted to approximately RMB3,470,000 and RMB2,323,000, respectively. The non-audit services provided by
Ernst & Young to the Group were in relation to the review service on the interim results, limited assurance services
on continuing connected transactions, other professional service related to the environmental, social and governance
assessment, tax review service and transfer pricing review service.

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

The Board and the management of the Group maintain a sound and effective system of internal controls of the
Group so as to ensure the effectiveness and efficiency of operations of the Group in achieving its established
corporate objectives, safeguarding assets of the Group, rendering reliable financial reporting and complying with the
applicable laws and regulations.

The Board is also responsible for making appropriate assertions on the adequacy of internal controls over financial
reporting and the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures. Through the Audit Committee, the Board
reviews the effectiveness of these systems.
74   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     It is also the Board’s responsibility to review the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management system and ensure
     that risk management controls are sound and effective to safeguard the investment of the Shareholders and the
     Group’s assets at all times. In connection with this, the Board formed a risk management committee on November
     23, 2016 to discharge its role in monitoring and in exercising oversight over the risk management of the Company.

     The Audit Committee and the Board performed its annual review of the Group’s risk management and internal
     controls and concluded that for the year ended March 31, 2022, (a) the Group’s risk management and internal
     control systems were effective; (b) the Group had adopted the necessary control mechanisms to monitor and correct
     non-compliance; and (c) the Group had complied satisfactorily with the requirements of the CG Code in respect of
     risk management and internal control systems.

     SHAREHOLDER COMMUNICATION POLICY

     Purpose

     1.    This policy aims at ensuring that the Shareholders, both individual and institutional, and, in appropriate
           circumstances, the investment community at large, are provided with ready, equal and timely access to
           balanced and understandable information about the Company (including its financial performance, strategic
           goals and plans, material developments, governance and risk profile), to enable Shareholders to exercise their
           rights in an informed manner, and to allow Shareholders and the investment community to engage actively with
           the Company. The Board reviews the effectiveness of this policy on a regular basis.

     Communication Strategies

     Corporate Website

     2.    The Company communicates to its Shareholders through announcements and interim and annual reports
           published on its website at http://www.irasia.com/listco/hk/alihealth/. The information on the website is updated
           on a regular basis.

     3.    Information released by the Company to the Stock Exchange is also posted on the Stock Exchange’s website
           immediately thereafter. Such information includes financial statements, results announcements, circulars and
           notices of general meetings and associated explanatory documents etc.

     Shareholders’ meetings

     4.    The Shareholders are encouraged to participate in general meetings or to appoint proxies to attend and vote at
           meetings for and on their behalf if they are unable to attend the meetings.

     5.    The process of the Company’s general meetings will be monitored and reviewed on a regular basis, and, if
           necessary, changes will be made to ensure that Shareholders’ needs are best served.

     6.    Board members, in particular, either the chairman of the Board or chairman of Board committees or their
           delegates, appropriate management executives and external auditor will attend annual general meetings to
           answer Shareholders’ questions.
                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   75




                                                                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Upon reviewing the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders’ communication policy of the Company, the
Board considers the policy and its implementation are effective as the policy has provided effective channels for
Shareholders, potential investors and other stakeholders of the Group to communicate their views with the Company
and the Company has complied with the principles and required practices as set out in the policy as described
above during the year.

Shareholder Privacy

The Company recognizes the importance of Shareholders’ privacy and will not disclose Shareholders’ information
without their consent, unless required by law to do so.

SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

Procedures for shareholders to convene a special general meeting

Shareholders, holding at the date of the requisition not less than 10% of the paid-up capital of the Company
carrying the right to vote at general meetings of the Company, shall at all times have the right by written requisition
to the Board or the company secretary, to require a special general meeting (the “SGM”) to be called by the Board
for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition.

The requisitionists must state the purpose of the meeting and their contact details in the requisition, and sign and
deposit the requisition at the principal place of business of the Company for the attention of the company secretary.

The SGM shall be held within two months from the deposit of the requisition. If the Board fails to proceed to
convene the SGM within 21 days of such deposit, the requisitionists, or any of them representing more than 50% of
the total voting rights of all of them, may convene the SGM by themselves in accordance with the provisions of
Section 74(3) of the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda (as amended) (the “Companies Act”), but any SGM so
convened shall not be held after the expiration of three months from the deposit of the requisition.

Procedures for putting forward proposals at general meetings

Shareholders holding not less than 5% of the total voting rights of all Shareholders having a right to vote at the
general meeting or not less than 100 Shareholders can submit a written request stating a resolution to be moved at
the annual general meeting or a statement of not more than 1,000 words with respect to a matter referred to in any
proposed resolution or the business to be dealt with at a particular general meeting.

The requisitionists must sign and deposit the written request or statement at the registered office of the Company
and the principal place of business of the Company for the attention of the company secretary, not less than six
weeks before the annual general meeting in the case of a requisition requiring notice of a resolution and not less
than one week before the general meeting in the case of any other requisition.
76   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


     If the written request is in order, the company secretary will ask the Board to include the resolution in the agenda
     for the annual general meeting, as the case may be, to circulate the statement for the general meeting, provided that
     the requisitionists have deposited a sum of money reasonably determined by the Board sufficient to meet the
     expenses in serving the notice of the resolution and/or circulating the statement submitted by the requisitionists in
     accordance with the statutory requirements to all the registered Shareholders.

     Procedures for sending enquiries to the Board

     Shareholders may send their enquiries with sufficient contact details to the Board at the principal place of the
     business of the Company for the attention of the company secretary. When the written enquiries are in order, the
     Company will direct them to the Board.

     CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

     There were no changes in the constitutional documents of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2022.

     DIVIDEND POLICY

     The Company has adopted a dividend policy that, in recommending or declaring dividends, the Company shall
     maintain adequate and sufficient cash reserves for meeting its working capital requirements and future growth as well
     as its shareholder value. The Board has the full discretion to declare and distribute dividends to the Shareholders,
     and any final dividend for a financial year will be subject to Shareholders’ approval. In proposing any dividend
     payout, the Board shall also take into account, among other things, the Group’s financial results, financial position,
     cash flow situation, business conditions and strategies, expected future operations and earnings, capital requirements
     and expenditure plans, interests of Shareholders, any restrictions on payment of dividends and any other factors the
     Board may consider relevant. Any payment of the dividend by the Company is also subject to any restrictions under
     the Companies Act, the Company’s bye-laws and all the applicable laws and regulations.

     DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN PREPARING THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the Company’s financial statements of the Group (the
     “Financial Statements”) which give a true and fair view and are in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting
     Standards published by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The Directors endeavor to ensure a
     balanced, clear and understandable assessments of the Group’s performance, position and prospects in financial
     reporting. Accordingly, appropriate accounting policies are selected and applied consistently; judgments and
     estimates made are prudent and reasonable.

     The statement of the Company’s auditor about their reporting responsibilities on the Financial Statements is set out
     in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 86 to 92 of this report.
                                                                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   77




                                        RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

1.   RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

     The Group considers risk management and internal control to be a core part of its operational management
     and business activities. The Group is committed to: (i) establishing a comprehensive risk management system
     that is in line with the Group’s strategy and its specific business characteristics; (ii) continually optimizing its risk
     management organizational structure; (iii) enhancing its risk management processes; and (iv) adopting qualitative
     and quantitative risk management approaches to drive better identification, assessment and response of risks,
     to achieve a balance between risks and rewards, and to achieve sustainable development of the Group’s
     businesses while appropriately managing risks.

2.   RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL FRAMEWORK

     The risk management and internal control systems aim to support the Group in realizing its strategic objectives,
     vision and mission as well as the sustainable development of its business. The risk management objectives of
     “Strategy”, “Operation”, “Reporting” and “Compliance” can be achieved through risk identification, assessment,
     response and relevant monitoring measures. Risk management capability is one of the Group’s core
     competitive competencies, and we believe that implementing risk management and internal control systems
     over each business lines and every functional department across the Group will help enhance long-term
     shareholder value. The Group’s risk management and internal control framework includes three levels: strategy,
     management and operation.




                                                               Risk
                                                             Strategy                      Strategy Level
                                                       Risk Objectives

                                                           Risk Appetite
                                                                                           n
                                                                                       nti
                                                                                     Co
                                  ys               Risk Management
                                     tem
                                                Organizational Structure                   l Im
                                                                                         ua
                             me
                                nt                                                                   me
                                   S                                                               ve                 Management Level
                                                                                               pro
                                                Identify                   Assess
                             ge
                        kM                           Risk Management                                      d
                          an                                                                           an
                             a                                                                      nt
                                                         Processes
                       Ris                                                                                  ha
                      of                                                                                  En
                                       Report                 Monitor               Respond
                                                                                                                      t
                                                                                                                   en
                   ut
                                                                                                                em
                  yo
                 La                                                                                           nc

                                  Risk Management Assurance Mechanism
                                                                                                                            Operation Level
                                                                                     Communication
                        Business Processes            Performance Appraisal           and Training
78   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL


           •      Risk Management Strategy

                  The Group’s risk management strategy aims at “ensuring steady growth and sustainable development of
                  the Group’s businesses through continual optimization of the Group’s risk management framework,
                  capability and culture”.

           •      Risk Management Objectives

                  The Group’s risk management objectives include: (1) strategic objective — to construct risk management
                  and internal control systems so that they are compatible with the Group’s strategic objectives and
                  business development, and support the achievement of its strategic goals and sustainable business
                  development; (2) operational objective — to continuously improve the Group’s risk management
                  capabilities, thereby reducing uncertainties in the achievement of its operational goals, supporting its
                  business expansion and innovative activities, and ensuring the efficiency and effectiveness of its
                  operational activities; (3) reporting objective — to ensure the validity, accuracy and completeness of its
                  financial and operation management reporting; and (4) compliance objective — to ensure compliance with
                  both external regulatory requirements and internal management policies, standardize its operational
                  management and business processes to maintain the legality and compliance of each business activity of
                  the Company.

           •      Risk Appetite

                  Risk appetite sets the tone for the Group’s overall risk profile. Having adopted a prudent stance in the
                  determination of its risk appetite, the Group integrates its development strategies with its risk appetite by
                  taking into account its overall strategic deployment and the needs of each business segment, thereby
                  facilitating the healthy operation and sustainable growth of the Group as well as each business line.
                                                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report      79




                                                                                                 RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL


•   Risk Management Organizational Structure

    The Group’s risk management organizational structure has three levels: governance, management and
    execution. The risk management responsibilities and reporting lines of the different levels are illustrated
    below.



                                                                                    The Board
                       Assess and determine the nature and level        Ensure that effective risk management and            Oversee management’s design,
                         of risks that the Company is willing to           internal control systems have been             implementation and monitoring of the
                          accept to achieve its strategic goals             established and maintained by the            Company’s risk management and internal




          Governance
                                                                                         Company                           control systems on an ongoing basis




                               Risk Management Committee                                                             Audit Committee
                        Review and provide assurance to the Board on the effective design          Review the effectiveness of the Company's risk management and
                       and implementation of the Company’s risk management and internal                    internal control systems, and report to the Board
                                                control systems




                                Comprehensive Business Risk Management Committee


          Management
                                     and Senior Management of Alibaba Health

                        Manage and control business risks, and help the management quickly identify and formulate risk response strategies
                        Design, implement and monitor the risk management and internal control systems, and provide assurance to the Risk
                                                         Management Committee on their effectiveness




                             Business Team                              Risk Management Team                               Internal Audit Team
                         (First Line of Defence)                       (Second Line of Defence)                          (Third Line of Defence)


          Execution    Each business team takes responsibility for
                       daily business operation and internal control
                                                                        Risk governance, quality control, internal
                                                                        control, finance and legal teams conduct
                                                                                                                           Conduct independent supervision and
                                                                                                                           assessment on the effectiveness of risk
                                        functions                      daily supervision of the work at the First Line        management and internal control
                                                                                         of Defence




•   Risk Management Processes

    •    Risk identification — based on the Group’s strategic and operational objectives, management
         identifies uncertainties and risk exposures which could affect the Group in realizing its strategic and
         operational objectives in nine major areas, including strategy, operation, quality, finance, laws,
         human resources, information technology and data, reputation and user experience.

    •    Risk assessment — management and its management team evaluate and rate the identified risks
         based on the two dimensions of probability and impact and ranks them as “high”, “moderate” or
         “low” based on the rating results.

    •    Risk response — risk response strategies include risk avoidance, transfer, mitigation and acceptance.
         Based on the risk identification and assessment results, management adopts appropriate risk
         response strategy to design relevant measures to address the specific risk.
80   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL


                  •      Risk monitoring — risk monitoring is to oversee the implementation of risk response measures as
                         well as to continuously improve the effectiveness of internal control activities, which includes
                         ongoing monitoring during daily business operation and regular independent assessment.

                  •      Risk reporting — risk reporting is to report on the effectiveness of the design and implementation of
                         the risk management and internal control systems to the Group management, the Board, the Audit
                         Committee and the Risk Management Committee.

           •      Risk Management Assurance Mechanisms

                  •      The Group’s management actions for risk response include processes and internal control activities
                         at the organizational, operational, financial reporting and IT system levels. The relevant processes
                         and internal control activities have been recorded in internal control manuals and policies, which are
                         published on its policy management platform as reference and learning materials for all employees.
                         The Group also established a rules center to publicize policies and requirements in respect of the
                         management of partners and businesses.

                  •      Risk management performance appraisal provides assurance for risk management implementation
                         and the Group ensures implementation of its risk management strategies by raising all employees’
                         risk awareness, standardizing internal control processes and adopting the accountability mechanism
                         of all employees.

                  •      The Group ensures the implementation of operational procedures, policies and internal control
                         activities through related communication and trainings on risk management and internal control,
                         which may take such forms as centralized training sessions, seminars, on-job communication and
                         instructions, online video courses, e-mail reminders and online examinations etc., covering content
                         such as policies, internal control, legal and regulatory compliance, integrity, and data security
                         management.
                                                             ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   81




                                                              RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL


3.   MAIN RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL WORK CONDUCTED IN THE YEAR ENDED
     MARCH 31, 2022 (“FY2022”)

     •   In FY2022, the Risk Management Committee held a meeting to review the risk management and internal
         control systems and reported to the Board. The tasks completed by the committee in FY2022 included:
         (1) discussion and review of the Group’s findings on major risk identification and assessment, the risk
         management strategies and control measures in response to key risks; (2) discussion and review of the
         Risk Management and Internal Control Report required to be disclosed in the annual report for FY2022;
         and (3) discussion and review of the work plan and key points of risk management and internal control
         work for the year ending March 31, 2023 (“FY2023”) as well as the expected output and timetable etc.

     •   The Group’s management and respective management teams identified uncertainties and risk exposures
         in major areas (including strategic risk, operational risk, quality risk, financial risk, legal risk, human
         resources risk, information technology and data security risk, reputational risk, and user experience risk);
         completed the ranking of the identified risks; discussed risk response proposals and measures, which
         formed the main basis for risk management and internal control work for the year.

     •   The business team took steps to standardize the operational procedures and relevant product systems for
         key businesses and management activities, formulated policies and published the same on the Group’s
         policy management platform as reference and learning materials for all employees.

     •   The risk management teams, including the risk governance team, quality control team, internal control team,
         internal audit team, financial team and legal team, provide supports in term of risk management and
         control expertise and capabilities from their respective professional perspectives, and conduct daily
         supervision of the work at the First Line of Defence to ensure effective implementation of risk response
         measures.

     •   The Group arranged training sessions related to risk management for all staff on a quarterly basis to promote
         risk management awareness and promote risk management culture. Topics covered by such training
         sessions included, among other things, guidance of business processes and internal control, code of
         business conduct, compliance with business-related laws and regulations, and data security
         management.
82   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL


     4.    DISCLOSURE OF MATERIAL RISKS

           During the year, the Group identified, analyzed and prioritized all the potential risks faced by its existing and
           new businesses. The following table sets forth risks that were ranked as “high”:

           Major Risks                  Description of Risks                          Risk Response Measures


           Legal Risks                  As the Group operates its principal           •   Establish relevant business processes
                                        businesses under a strict regulatory              and internal control measures, and
                                        regime, if it breaches applicable                 added internal monitoring and checks
                                        regulatory requirements, it may be                by specialist teams in relation to
                                        subject to penalties which may                    matters involving regulatory issues,
                                        adversely affect its brand reputation and         to ensure that the Group’s business
                                        business. If the Group fails to have a            operations comply with regulatory
                                        timely understanding of changes in and            requirements;
                                        updates on applicable policies and
                                        regulations, or fail to sufficiently assess   •   Stay up-to-date with applicable rules,
                                        the impact of policies and regulations            regulations and regulatory requirements
                                        changes on its business operation,                issued by the government and
                                        management would be unable to adopt               regulators via announcements and
                                        response measures on a timely basis,              notices from the authorities, as well
                                        which would affect its regular business           as the news media, the Internet and
                                        activities and business continuity.               Alibaba Group’s legislation monitoring
                                                                                          system. The Group also actively
                                                                                          participates in forums organized by
                                                                                          the government and regulators to
                                                                                          ensure that it is fully aware of the
                                                                                          latest government and regulatory
                                                                                          requirements and changes in a timely
                                                                                          manner;

                                                                                      •   Establish information sharing channels
                                                                                          to keep business teams abreast of
                                                                                          the latest regulatory requirements; the
                                                                                          Group also organizes regular internal
                                                                                          seminars and trainings to study and
                                                                                          discuss applicable rules, regulations
                                                                                          and regulatory requirements issued
                                                                                          by the government and regulators,
                                                                                          with a view to ensuring that relevant
                                                                                          business teams accurately understand
                                                                                          the policies and regulations; and

                                                                                      •   The legal and business teams jointly
                                                                                          assess the impact of policy and
                                                                                          regulatory changes on the Group’s
                                                                                          business, and design response
                                                                                          measures and alternative business
                                                                                          models in response to the changes,
                                                                                          so as to ensure business continuity as
                                                                                          well as regulatory compliance.
                                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   83




                                                       RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL



Major Risks           Description of Risks                         Risk Response Measures


Information           As an Internet company, information          •      Established standardized product
Technology and Data technology and data form the foundation               R&D     procedures,       R&D     project
Security Risks        for the Group’s business development                management             mechanisms,
                      and operation, as well as one of the                coordination, communication and
                      competitive advantages to help maintain             incentive mechanisms for cross-
                      high innovation levels and to become an             team    cooperation       among         R&D,
                      industry   leader.    Any   failure     or          business, product and marketing
                      postponement in its product research                teams to ensure timely and effective
                      and development (R&D), disruption of                development of products that meet
                      transactions due to malfunctioning                  business needs;
                      information systems, or leakage or loss
                      of or unauthorized tampering of its data     •      Established IT system maintenance
                      would have a material adverse impact                standards and business continuity
                      on the Group achieving its strategic                guarantee mechanisms, contingency
                      objectives, brand reputation, business              plans for IT system interruption, and
                      continuity and customer satisfaction.               disaster recovery plans and drills to
                                                                          ensure smooth and uninterrupted
                                                                          operation of its systems and to
                                                                          improve the capability of the system to
                                                                          respond quickly to risk events; and

                                                                   •      To comprehensively safeguard the
                                                                          Group from the risks of data leakage,
                                                                          loss and tampering from three areas
                                                                          of staff, processes and information
                                                                          technology,      the    Group     (i)    has
                                                                          established management procedures
                                                                          for data collection and transmission,
                                                                          storage security, encrypted protection,
                                                                          authorized      access      and    usage,
                                                                          and destruction; (ii) has deployed
                                                                          information technology for data
                                                                          security management and encrypted
                                                                          protection; and (iii) organizes regular
                                                                          trainings to communicate data security
                                                                          and confidentiality requirements to all
                                                                          its employees.
84   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL



           Major Risks                  Description of Risks                         Risk Response Measures


           Competitive Risks            In China, there is intense competition in    •   The responsible manager for each
                                        the Internet healthcare sector. The              business segment closely monitors
                                        continuous evolution in business and             the competitive situation of his/her
                                        operational models, as well as significant       business segment, and reports on the
                                        moves       or   decisions      by   major       relevant information and share his/her
                                        competitors in the industry and new              insight and judgment at the monthly
                                        entrants, may bring potential threats to         management meeting;
                                        and have adverse impact on the
                                        Group’s business and competitive             •   The Group has a specialist team
                                        advantages.                                      which conducts in-depth analysis and
                                                                                         research on competition in the industry
                                                                                         regularly and reports to management
                                                                                         for   reference,    which    enables
                                                                                         management to make informed
                                                                                         business decisions and develop
                                                                                         appropriate operational strategies
                                                                                         and effective solutions to address the
                                                                                         competitive risks; and

                                                                                     •   Senior management is committed to
                                                                                         innovative and diversified management
                                                                                         in relation to the Group’s business
                                                                                         plans and deployments. In the
                                                                                         course of steadfastly executing
                                                                                         the   strategic    decisions,   senior
                                                                                         management strives for the Group
                                                                                         to develop and accumulate core
                                                                                         competitive advantages and become
                                                                                         an unsurpassable company in the
                                                                                         industry.
                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   85




                                                                RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL


5.   OUTLOOK AND KEY ACTIONS FOR FY2023

     •    Continue to reinforce the Group’s risk management and internal control structure and drive its
          implementation, so as to continually improve the Group’s risk management capabilities to ensure
          compliance with the CG Code of the Stock Exchange and alignment with best industry practices. The
          Comprehensive Business Risk Management Committee is a problem-solving-oriented committee
          established under the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, which comprises the heads of major
          functional departments responsible for risk management of the Group. By focusing on managing and
          controlling the risks related to the Group’s businesses, it helps the management team quickly identify and
          formulate the strategies of risk response, and promotes the comprehensive enhancement in the risk
          management capability of the Group.

     •    Continue to supervise each business line and functional department to promote and optimize the design,
          implementation and operation of the Group’s risk management and internal control systems, and conduct
          independent supervision and assessment to ensure the effective design and implementation of internal
          control for major risks.

     •    Continue to focus on material changes and updates of key risks and make timely adjustments to the risk
          response measures and solutions accordingly.

     •    Further establish and improve the Group’s policy and process guidelines and system of rules, strengthen
          internal and external publicity, and create a good business environment.

     •    Ongoing risk management trainings and risk management culture education for all staff to enhance their
          awareness of risk management, reinforce the accountability mechanism, and ensure implementation of the
          Group’s risk management strategies.

     In the face of existing and emerging risks, the Group must maintain continual and strict supervision and control
     under effective risk management and internal control systems. The Group has a management team well-
     attuned to the importance of risk management, which will proactively identify, prevent and manage risks and
     continually seek to improve the Group’s risk management and internal control systems.

6.   STATEMENT OF THE BOARD REGARDING INTERNAL CONTROL RESPONSIBILITY

     The Group’s internal control aim at ensuring compliance of its operations with laws and regulations, the
     security of its assets and the validity and completeness of its financial reports and related information, to
     enhance its operational efficiency and effectiveness and facilitate the realization of its growth strategies. The
     Group has established internal control procedures to safeguard against the unauthorized use or disposition of
     its assets, to ensure the maintenance of proper accounting records for the provision of reliable financial
     information for internal use or for publication, and to ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules and
     regulations. During the year, the Group conducted a comprehensive self-assessment of its internal control and
     reported the result to the Audit Committee and the Board, and no significant deficiencies were identified. The
     Board believes that, for the year ended March 31, 2022, the Group’s existing internal control systems were
     sufficient and effective to assure the interests of the Group and its shareholders.
86   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

     To the shareholders of Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited
     (Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

     OPINION

     We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited (the
     “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 93 to 210, which comprise the consolidated
     statement of financial position as at March 31, 2022, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the
     consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the
     consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements,
     including a summary of significant accounting policies.

     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
     the Group as at March 31, 2022, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for
     the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong
     Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
     disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

     BASIS FOR OPINION

     We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
     Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
     consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the
     HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
     responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
     appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.

     KEY AUDIT MATTERS

     Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
     consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of
     the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
     separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is
     provided in that context.

     We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
     financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the
     performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the
     consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to
     address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial
     statements.
                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   87




                                                                              INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)

 Key audit matter                                            How our audit addressed the key audit matter


 Impairment of investments in associates


 As at March 31, 2022, the Group held investments in         We performed the following procedures to address the
 associates of approximately RMB2,340.8 million, which       key audit matter:
 was significant to the consolidated financial statements.
 Management identified indicators of impairment for          —    Evaluated the Group’s policies and procedures of
 investments in associates and accordingly, with the              identifying indicators for potential impairment of
 assistance of an independent valuer, performed                   the investments in associates;
 impairment tests for these investments by comparing
                                                             —    Evaluated the capabilities and objectivity of the
 the carrying amounts as at March 31, 2022 with the
 corresponding recoverable amounts. The recoverable               independent valuer;

 amounts were determined using fair value less costs of
                                                             —    Assessed the reasonableness of expected
 disposal for these investments. The fair value was
                                                                  revenue and margin by making enquiries with
 developed through the application of the income
                                                                  management and with reference to historical
 approach technique known as the discounted cash
                                                                  information          and   industry     development
 flow method, which required management to apply
                                                                  expectations;
 significant assumptions and estimates, such as
 expected revenue and margin, discount rates and
                                                             —    With the assistance of our internal valuation
 perpetual growth rates.
                                                                  specialists, examined the valuation methodologies
                                                                  and evaluated the assumptions and estimates
 Relevant disclosures are included in note 2.4
                                                                  used, including the discount rates and the
 “Summary of significant accounting policies”, note 3
                                                                  perpetual growth rates;
 “Significant accounting judgements and estimates” and
 note   17   “Investments     in   associates”    to   the
                                                             —    Checked        the    mathematical       accuracy      of
 consolidated financial statements.
                                                                  management’s valuation schedules; and

                                                             —    Evaluated the adequacy of the relevant
                                                                  disclosures in the consolidated financial
                                                                  statements.
88   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


     KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)

       Key audit matter                                                 How our audit addressed the key audit matter


       Impairment of inventories


       As at March 31, 2022, the carrying amount of the                 We performed the following procedures to address the
       Group’s inventories before provision was approximately           key audit matter:
       RMB1,598.5 million. The inventories were stated at the
       lower of cost and net realizable value. The                      —    Observed the inventory counts performed by
       determination of net realizable value involved                        management and assessed the physical condition
       management’s judgement and estimation. Specific                       of the inventories, on a sampling basis;
       factors management considered included the aging and
                                                                        —    Evaluated the provision for obsolete and slow-
       expiry dates of the inventories, condition of the goods,
       historical and recent sale patterns, available selling                moving inventory items made by management by

       prices and estimated costs to be incurred to sale. The                checking to the aging and expiry dates of the

       Group recorded an impairment of inventories of                        inventories, on a sampling basis;

       approximately RMB48.3 million as at March 31, 2022.
                                                                        —    Assessed the appropriateness of management’s

       Relevant disclosures are included in note 2.4                         assessment on available selling price and

       “Summary of significant accounting policies”, note 3                  estimated costs to be incurred to sale based on

       “Significant accounting judgements and estimates” and                 historical and recent sales patterns, on a

       note 18 “Inventories” to the consolidated financial                   sampling basis;

       statements.
                                                                        —    Compared the actual selling prices less cost to
                                                                             sales of the inventories subsequent to year end,
                                                                             on a sampling basis, to their carrying amounts to
                                                                             check whether the inventories were stated at the
                                                                             lower of cost and net realizable value; and

                                                                        —    Evaluated the adequacy of the relevant
                                                                             disclosures in the consolidated financial
                                                                             statements.
                                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   89




                                                                          INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)

 Key audit matter                                        How our audit addressed the key audit matter


 Impairment of goodwill


 As at March 31, 2022, the carrying amount of the        We performed the following procedures to address the
 Group’s goodwill was approximately RMB810.9 million.    key audit matter:
 In accordance with Hong Kong Accounting Standard
 (“HKAS”) 36 Impairment of Assets , the Group is         —    Evaluated the capabilities and objectivity of the
 required to annually test the amount of goodwill for         independent valuer;
 impairment. This annual impairment test involved
                                                         —    Assessed the reasonableness of expected
 significant management’s judgement and estimates,
 such as expected revenue growth rates, budgeted              revenue and margin by making enquiries with

 gross margins, discount rates and perpetual growth           management and with reference to historical

 rates.                                                       information          and   industry     development
                                                              expectations;
 Relevant disclosures are included in note 2.4
                                                         —    With the assistance of our internal valuation
 “Summary of significant accounting policies”, note 3
 “Significant accounting judgements and estimates” and        specialists, examined the valuation methodologies

 note 14 “Goodwill” to the consolidated financial             and evaluated the assumptions and estimates

 statements.                                                  used, including the discount rates and the
                                                              perpetual growth rates;

                                                         —    Checked        the    mathematical       accuracy      of
                                                              management’s valuation schedules; and

                                                         —    Evaluated the adequacy of the relevant
                                                              disclosures in the consolidated financial
                                                              statements.
90   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


     OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
     information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report
     thereon.

     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
     any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
     information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
     financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based
     on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
     required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

     RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
     true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
     Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
     preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
     error.

     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the
     Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
     the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to
     cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

     The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing
     the Group’s financial reporting process.
                                                                  ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   91




                                                                                  INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section 90 of the Bermuda Companies Act
1981, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for
the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
      fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that
      is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
      misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
      forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
      appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
      Group’s internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
      related disclosures made by the directors.

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
      the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
      significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
      uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
      consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions
      are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or
      conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
      disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events
      in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
      within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
      direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.
92   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


     AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
     (CONTINUED)

     We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
     audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
     audit.

     We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
     regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
     thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate threats or safeguards
     applied.

     From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
     significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
     matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
     the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
     report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
     benefits of such communication.

     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Ng Siu Ki Ricky.




     Certified Public Accountants
     Hong Kong
     May 25, 2022
                                            ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   93




                          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                              Year ended March 31, 2022

                                                                            2022                      2021
                                                  Notes                RMB’000                   RMB’000


REVENUE                                             5                20,577,616               15,518,468


Cost of revenue                                                     (16,469,623)              (11,901,219)


Gross profit                                                          4,107,993                 3,617,249


Other income and gains                              5                    899,494                  405,828


Operating expenses
   Fulfilment                                                         (2,097,287)              (1,619,459)
   Selling and marketing expenses                                     (1,981,279)              (1,222,008)
   Administrative expenses                                              (395,082)                (293,595)
   Product development expenses                                         (728,828)                (423,632)


Other expenses and losses                                                  (8,090)                 (22,302)
Finance costs                                     13(b)                    (3,815)                  (2,449)
Share of profits/(losses) of:
   Joint ventures                                  16                      1,269                   (11,556)
   Associates                                      17                    (46,889)                  (26,857)


PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAX                            6                   (252,514)                 401,219


Income tax expense                                  9                    (13,427)                  (58,539)


PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR                                              (265,941)                 342,680


Attributable to:
   Owners of the parent                                                 (265,555)                 348,588
   Non-controlling interests                                                 (386)                  (5,908)


                                                                        (265,941)                 342,680


EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
   ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
   Basic                                           10        RMB(1.97) cents              RMB2.63 cents


   Diluted                                         10        RMB(1.97) cents              RMB2.62 cents
94   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
     Year ended March 31, 2022

                                                                                          2022        2021
                                                                               Notes   RMB’000     RMB’000


     PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR                                                        (265,941)    342,680


     OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS
     Other comprehensive income/(loss) that may be reclassified to profit or
        loss in subsequent periods:
        Share of other comprehensive income of an associate                     17           17          —
        Exchange differences of the Group’s subsidiaries arising
           from translation                                                              65,104     (80,431)


                                                                                         65,121     (80,431)
     Other comprehensive loss that will not be reclassified
        to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
        Exchange differences of the Company arising from translation                   (337,121)   (522,728)
        Equity investment designated at fair value through other
           comprehensive income:
           Changes in fair value                                                        (17,177)      2,695
           Income tax effect                                                    27        1,718        (269)


                                                                                        (15,459)      2,426


     Net other comprehensive loss that will not be reclassified to
        profit or loss in subsequent periods                                           (352,580)   (520,302)


     OTHER COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE YEAR, NET OF TAX                                 (287,459)   (600,733)


     TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE YEAR                                             (553,400)   (258,053)


     Attributable to:
        Owners of the parent                                                           (553,014)   (252,145)
        Non-controlling interests                                                          (386)     (5,908)


                                                                                       (553,400)   (258,053)
                                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   95




                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                       March 31, 2022

                                                                                           2022                   2021
                                                                   Notes             RMB’000                 RMB’000


NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property and equipment                                               12                  20,176                 13,428
Right-of-use assets                                                 13(a)              144,930                  38,861
Other intangible assets                                              15                326,215                   2,935
Goodwill                                                             14                810,853                  54,576
Investments in joint ventures                                        16                160,660                  98,548
Investments in associates                                            17              2,340,814              2,173,938
Other receivables and other assets                                   20                  13,030                  9,524
Equity investment designated at fair value through
   other comprehensive income                                        23                140,900                163,212
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                22              1,661,490                984,456
Deferred tax assets                                                  27                  17,390                    —


Total non-current assets                                                             5,636,458              3,539,478


CURRENT ASSETS
Prepaid tax                                                                              23,525                      —
Inventories                                                          18              1,550,150              1,468,609
Trade and bills receivables                                          19                515,985                313,615
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                      20                864,875                769,716
Restricted cash                                                      21                  63,125                 11,017
Cash and cash equivalents                                            21             10,547,851            11,636,769


Total current assets                                                                13,565,511            14,199,726


CURRENT LIABILITIES
Lease liabilities                                                   13(b)                50,656                 20,334
Trade and bills payables                                             24              3,528,597              2,551,550
Other payables and accruals                                          25                941,376                588,169
Contract liabilities                                                 26                260,678                190,541
Tax payable                                                                              40,826                 50,278


Total current liabilities                                                            4,822,133              3,400,872


NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                                   8,743,378            10,798,854


TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                               14,379,836            14,338,332
96   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

     March 31, 2022

                                                                                            2022        2021
                                                                        Notes        RMB’000        RMB’000


     NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
     Lease liabilities                                                  13(b)           84,758        17,406
     Deferred tax liabilities                                            27            116,483        39,322
     Other payables                                                      25            106,363            —


     Total non-current liabilities                                                     307,604        56,728


     Net assets                                                                    14,072,232      14,281,604


     EQUITY
     Equity attributable to owners of the parent
     Share capital                                                       28            119,102       118,859
     Treasury shares                                                     28            (23,516)       (22,265)
     Reserves                                                            30        14,002,833      14,205,356


                                                                                   14,098,419      14,301,950


     Non-controlling interests                                                         (26,187)       (20,346)


     Total equity                                                                  14,072,232      14,281,604




                                Zhu Shunyan                                     Tu Yanwu
                                  Director                                       Director
                                                                                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report                                               97




                                          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                                                                                            Year ended March 31, 2022

                                                                                                                     Attributable to owners of the parent

                                                                                                                                                              Fair value
                                                                                                                                                              reserve of
                                                                                                                                                        financial assets
                                                                                                                                         Employee           at fair value
                                                                                 Share                                   Exchange      share-based        through other                                                   Non-
                                                                    Share     premium     Treasury       Merger         fluctuation   compensation       comprehensive          Other Accumulated                   controlling       Total
                                                                   capital    account^      shares     reserve^            reserve^       reserve^              income^     reserves^     losses^         Total       interests      equity
                                                         Notes   RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000            RMB’000         RMB’000              RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000


At April 1, 2021                                                  118,859    43,281,281    (22,265)   (28,189,579)        (452,462)         363,949               43,971     143,848      (985,652)   14,301,950       (20,346)   14,281,604
Loss for the year                                                      —             —          —              —                —                —                    —           —       (265,555)     (265,555)         (386)     (265,941)
Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year:
Change in fair value of financial assets at fair value
   through other comprehensive income, net of tax                       —            —          —              —                —                 —              (15,459)         —             —        (15,459)           —        (15,459)
Share of other comprehensive income of an
   associate                                                            —            —          —              —                —                 —                   17          —             —             17            —             17
Translation from functional currency to
   presentation currency                                                —            —          —              —          (272,017)               —                   —           —             —       (272,017)           —       (272,017)

Total comprehensive loss for the year                                   —            —          —              —          (272,017)               —              (15,442)         —       (265,555)     (553,014)         (386)     (553,400)


Issue of new shares for restricted share units            28          219            —        (219)            —                —                 —                   —           —             —             —             —             —
Repurchase of shares                                      28           —             —     (16,519)            —                —                 —                   —           —             —       (16,519)            —       (16,519)
Share based compensation consideration                    31           —             —          —              —                —             17,796                  —           —             —        17,796             —        17,796
Vested awarded shares transferred to employees            28           —       203,824      15,487             —                —           (209,789)                 —       22,574            —        32,096             —        32,096
Exercise of share options                                 28           24       14,792          —              —                —             (5,123)                 —           —             —         9,693             —         9,693
Share-based compensation costs                                         —            —           —              —                —            293,244                  —           —             —       293,244             —       293,244
Deemed interest in an interest-free loan to a
    non-wholly-owned subsidiary                                         —            —          —              —                —                 —                   —          665            —           665           (665)           —
Deregistration of a subsidiary                                          —            —          —              —                —                 —                   —           —             —            —          (4,790)       (4,790)
Appropriation of statutory reserves                                     —            —          —              —                —                 —                   —       57,806       (57,806)          —              —             —
Share of capital reserve of an associate                                —            —          —              —                —                 —                   —       12,508            —         12,508            —         12,508


At March 31, 2022                                                 119,102    43,499,897    (23,516)   (28,189,579)        (724,479)         460,077               28,529     237,401    (1,309,013)   14,098,419       (26,187)   14,072,232
98   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




     CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

     Year ended March 31, 2021

                                                                                                                          Attributable to owners of the parent

                                                                                                                                                         Fair value reserve
                                                                                                                                                         of financial assets
                                                                                                                                               Employee         at fair value
                                                                                                                             Exchange        share-based      through other
                                                                         Share Share premium    Treasury        Merger      fluctuation     compensation comprehensive              Other   Accumulated                   Non-controlling        Total
                                                                        capital     account^      shares      reserve^        reserve^          reserve^            income^     reserves^       losses^        Total           interests        equity
                                                              Notes   RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000


     At April 1, 2020                                                  106,108    22,344,732    (13,039)   (16,397,767)       150,697             210,730             41,545     123,205     (1,297,066)    5,269,145            (66,630)     5,202,515
     Profit/(loss) for the year                                             —             —          —              —              —                   —                  —           —         348,588       348,588              (5,908)      342,680
     Other comprehensive income/(loss) for the year:
     Change in fair value of financial assets at fair value
        through other comprehensive income, net of tax                      —             —          —              —               —                   —              2,426          —              —          2,426                 —           2,426
     Translation from functional currency to
        presentation currency                                               —             —          —              —         (603,159)                 —                 —           —              —       (603,159)                —        (603,159)

     Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                         —             —          —              —         (603,159)                 —              2,426          —        348,588       (252,145)            (5,908)      (258,053)


     Issue of new shares for restricted share units            28          321            —        (321)            —               —                   —                 —           —              —              —                 —               —
     Issue of new shares                                       28        7,820    11,785,404         —     (11,791,812)             —                   —                 —           —              —           1,412                —            1,412
     Placing of new shares                                     28        4,463     8,912,709         —              —               —                   —                 —           —              —      8,917,172                 —       8,917,172
     Repurchase of shares                                      28           —             —     (39,580)            —               —                   —                 —           —              —         (39,580)               —          (39,580)
     Vested awarded shares transferred to employees            28           —        123,627     30,675             —               —            (149,834)                —       25,326             —          29,794                —           29,794
     Exercise of share options                                 28         147        114,809         —              —               —              (38,414)               —           —              —          76,542                —           76,542
     Share-based compensation costs                                        —              —          —              —               —             341,467                 —           —              —        341,467                 —         341,467
     Deemed interest in an interest-free loan to a
         non-wholly-owned subsidiary                                        —             —          —              —               —                   —                 —         (601)            —           (601)              601               —
     Disposal or change of equity interests in subsidiaries                 —             —          —              —               —                   —                 —      (41,303)            —        (41,303)           51,591          10,288
     Appropriation of statutory reserves                                    —             —          —              —               —                   —                 —       37,174        (37,174)           —                 —               —
     Share of capital reserve of an associate                               —             —          —              —               —                   —                 —           47             —             47                —               47


     At March 31, 2021                                                 118,859    43,281,281    (22,265)   (28,189,579)       (452,462)           363,949             43,971     143,848       (985,652)   14,301,950            (20,346)    14,281,604



     ^             These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of RMB14,002,833,000 (March 31, 2021: RMB14,205,356,000) in the consolidated
                   statement of financial position.
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   99




                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                                 Year ended March 31, 2022

                                                                                               2022                    2021
                                                                          Notes             RMB’000                 RMB’000

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit/(loss) before tax                                                                      (252,514)              401,219
Adjustments for:
   Finance costs                                                                                 3,815                  2,449
   Share of losses/(profits) of joint ventures                                                  (1,269)                11,556
   Share of losses of associates                                                                46,889                 26,857
   Bank interest income                                                      5                (209,664)             (164,704)
   Other interest income                                                     5                    (174)                  (711)
   Loss/(gain) on disposal of property and equipment                                              (142)                    75
   Gain on deemed disposal of interests in associates                        5                (381,392)               (11,588)
   Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                          5                      —                 (70,608)
   Dividend income from financial assets at fair value through profit
       or loss                                                               5                  (3,741)                (1,363)
   Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value through profit
       or loss                                                               5                (162,062)               (55,290)
   Fair value loss on contingent consideration included in
       other payables and accruals                                          6                   2,782                     —
   Covid-19-related rent concessions from lessors                          13(b)                  (76)                  (189)
   Depreciation of property and equipment                                   6                   9,978                  6,102
   Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                      6                  38,693                 24,960
   Depreciation of investment property                                      6                      —                   6,551
   Amortization of intangible assets                                        6                  11,905                  2,013
   Impairment/(reversal of impairment) of trade receivables                 6                     132                   (320)
   Impairment of other receivables                                          6                      —                   4,904
   Impairment and write-off of inventories                                  6                  48,328                 32,475
   Impairment of investment in a joint venture                              6                   1,357                  1,143
   Share-based compensation expenses                                       6/29               408,098                396,959

                                                                                              (439,057)              612,490
Decrease/(increase) in trade and bills receivables                                            (201,983)                 7,439
Increase in prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                   (165,583)             (341,917)
Increase in inventories                                                                       (129,200)             (283,826)
Increase in trade and bills payables                                                           959,570               715,780
Increase in other payables and accruals                                                        173,299               170,630
Increase in contract liabilities                                                                70,103                 19,261
Decrease/(increase) in restricted cash                                                         (52,108)                49,222
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                         17,027                (41,941)

Cash generated from operations                                                                232,068                907,138


Interest received                                                                             241,446                132,635
Interest element of lease payments                                                             (3,815)                  (2,449)
Mainland China corporate income tax paid                                                      (41,357)                (23,771)
Hong Kong profits tax paid                                                                     (3,979)                  (4,126)

Net cash flows generated from operating activities                                            424,363              1,009,427
100   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

      Year ended March 31, 2022

                                                                                            2022          2021
                                                                                Notes    RMB’000       RMB’000

      CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
      Purchase of property and equipment                                         12        (14,930)      (17,077)
      Purchase of items of other intangible assets                               15           (185)         (481)
      Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                   (355,000)      (64,546)
      Proceeds from maturity/redemption of financial assets at fair value
         through profit or loss                                                             35,980              —
      Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment                                       1,856             822
      Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                31       (815,597)             —
      Acquisition of associates                                                                 —       (275,574)
      Investment in a joint venture                                                        (59,700)             —
      Advances of a loan to a joint venture                                                     —           (2,500)
      Proceeds from disposal of a subsidiary                                     32             —         (10,606)
      Receipt of loan repayment from a third party company                                  13,900         25,000
      Interest received                                                                        174           1,182
      Dividend received from financial assets at fair value
         through profit or loss                                                              3,741         1,363
      Dividend received from an associate                                                      975            —
      Decrease/(increase) in non-pledged time deposits with original maturity
         of more than three months when acquired                                         3,178,070    (4,384,494)
      Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                             (116,976)     (234,573)

      Net cash flows generated from/(used in) investing activities                       1,872,308    (4,961,484)

      CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
      Issue of new shares                                                        28             —      8,917,172
      Repurchase of shares                                                       28        (16,519)       (39,580)
      Proceeds from exercise of options                                                      9,693         76,542
      Acquisition of non-controlling interests                                                  —            (110)
      Principal portion of lease payments                                                  (47,012)       (31,616)
      Investment return to a non-controlling shareholder upon the
         deregistration of a subsidiary                                                     (4,790)            —

      Net cash flows generated from/(used in) financing activities                         (58,628)    8,922,408

      NET INCREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                          2,238,043     4,970,351
      Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                             (148,891)     (313,057)
      Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                     7,252,275     2,594,981

      CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                                           9,341,427     7,252,275

      Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated statement of
         financial position                                                             10,547,851    11,636,769
      Time deposits with original maturity of over three month when
         acquired                                                                       (1,206,424)   (4,384,494)

      Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated statement of
        cash flows                                                                       9,341,427     7,252,275
                                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report           101




                                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                    March 31, 2022

1.   CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION

     Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited (the “Company”) is incorporated in Bermuda as an exempted
     company with limited liability. The address of its registered office is Victoria Place, 5th Floor, 31 Victoria Street,
     Hamilton HM 10, Bermuda. The principal place of business of the Company is located at 17th to 19th Floors,
     Building B, Greenland Center, Beijing, the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).

     The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (hereinafter collectively
     referred to as the “Group”) are primarily engaged in the pharmaceutical direct sales business, pharmaceutical
     e-commerce platform business and healthcare and digital services business.

     In the opinion of the directors, the Company’s immediate holding company is Perfect Advance Holding Limited
     (“Perfect Advance”), which is incorporated in the British Virgin Islands, and the ultimate holding company of the
     Company is Alibaba Group Holding Limited (“Alibaba Holding”, together with its subsidiaries, “Alibaba Group”).

     Information about subsidiaries

     Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:

                                              Place of incorporation/      Issued ordinary/      Percentage of
                                              registration and                   registered   equity attributable to
     Name                                     operations                      share capital       the Company        Principal activities
                                                                                                Direct      Indirect


     Alibaba Health (Hong Kong) Technology Hong Kong                    HK$4,865,000,331.95         —          100 Investment holding and
         Company Limited (“Alibaba Health                                                                              pharmaceutical e-commerce
         (Hong Kong)”)                                                                                                 platform services

     阿里健康信息技術（北京）有限公司                         PRC/Mainland China           RMB300,000,000           —          100 Provision of e-commerce
       Alibaba Health Information                                                                                      platform service
       Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.abc

     北京雲康佳檢信息技術有限公司 Zhong                     PRC/Mainland China            RMB60,000,000           —            80 Provision of digital infrastructure
       Xin Guo Jian Information                                                                                         services
       Technology Co., Ltd.ac

     阿里健康科技（中國）有限公司 Alibaba                   PRC/Mainland China           RMB800,000,000           —          100 Telemedicine service,
       Health Technology (China) Limitedabc                                                                            comprehensive member
       (“Alibaba Health (China)”)                                                                                      service to users, digital
                                                                                                                       infrastructure service and
                                                                                                                       pharmaceutical e-commerce
                                                                                                                       platform services

     阿里健康大藥房醫藥連鎖有限公司                          PRC/Mainland China           RMB300,000,000           —          100 Pharmacy business
       Alibaba Health Pharmaceutical Chain
       Co., Ltd.ac

     杭州禮和醫藥有限公司                               PRC/Mainland China            RMB20,000,000           —          100 Pharmaceutical product trading
       Hangzhou Lihe Pharmaceutical Co.,                                                                              and healthcare service
       Ltd.ac (“Lihe”)                                                                                                business
102   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      1.    CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

            Information about subsidiaries (continued)

                                                      Place of incorporation/   Issued ordinary/       Percentage of
                                                      registration and                registered    equity attributable to
            Name                                      operations                   share capital        the Company        Principal activities
                                                                                                      Direct      Indirect

            阿里健康科技（杭州）有限公司                            PRC/Mainland China        RMB140,000,000            —           100 Provision of e-commerce
              Alibaba Health Technology                                                                                       platform services
              (Hangzhou) Limitedabc

            弘雲久康數據技術（北京）有限公司                          PRC/Mainland China         RMB40,000,000            —           100 Investment holding
              Hongyun Jiukang Data Technology
              (Beijing) Co., Ltd.acd (“Hongyun
              Jiukang”)

            鹿康大藥房（杭州）有限公司                             PRC/Mainland China        RMB301,000,000            —           100 Provision of e-commerce
              Lukang Pharmacy (Hangzhou) Co.,                                                                                 platform services
              LTDabc

            阿里健康網絡醫院有限公司                              PRC/Mainland China         RMB75,000,000            —           100 Network hospital services
              Alibaba Health Network Hospital
              Co., Ltd.ac

            杭州得賦健康管理有限公司                              PRC/Mainland China          RMB1,200,000            —           100 Provision of e-commerce
              Hangzhou Defu Health Management                                                                                 platform services
              Co., Ltd.abc

            Ali JK ZNS (HK) Limited                   Hong Kong                     USD200,000            —           100 Provision of e-commerce
                                                                                                                              platform services

            海東市平安正陽互聯網中醫醫院                            PRC/Mainland China         RMB75,000,000            —           100 Internet hospital services
              有限公司
              Haidong Pingan Zhengyang
              Network Chinese Medical Hospital
              Co., Ltdac (“Pingan Zhengyang”)

            海南小鹿中醫互聯網醫院有限公司                           PRC/ Mainland China         RMB5,000,000            —           100 Internet hospital services
              Hainan Xiaolu Network Chinese
              Medical Hospital Co., Ltdac

            a      For identification purposes only


            b      Registered as wholly-foreign-owned enterprises under PRC law


            c      Registered as limited liability companies under PRC law


            d      The Company does not have legal ownership in the equity of Hongyun Jiukang. However, under certain contractual agreements (including
                   a power of attorney agreement, loan agreement, equity option agreement, equity interest pledge agreement and an exclusive technical
                   consulting and service agreement) entered into with the registered owners of the entity, the Company, through its indirectly
                   wholly-owned subsidiary, controls the entity by way of controlling the voting rights, governing the financial and operating policies,
                   appointing or removing the majority of the members of its controlling authorities, and casting the majority of votes at meetings of such
                   authorities. In addition, such contractual agreements also transfer the risks and rewards of the entity to the Company and/or its
                   indirectly owned subsidiary. As a result, the entity is treated as a subsidiary of the Company and its financial statements have been
                   consolidated by the Company.
                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   103




                                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                March 31, 2022

1.    CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

      Information about subsidiaries (continued)

      The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected
      the results for the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other
      subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.

2.1   BASIS OF PREPARATION

      These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial
      Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) (which include all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong
      Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
      Accountants (“HKICPA”), accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong and the disclosure
      requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared under the historical cost
      convention, except for financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”), bills receivable, an
      equity investment designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”) and contingent
      consideration included in other payables and accruals, which have been measured at fair value. These financial
      statements are presented in RMB and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand except when otherwise
      indicated.

      Basis of consolidation

      The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries for
      the year ended March 31, 2022. A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured entity), directly or indirectly,
      controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns
      from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the
      investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the
      investee).

      The Company has set up two trusts (the “Trusts”) for the purpose of purchasing, administering and holding the
      Company’s shares for the share award scheme adopted on November 24, 2014 (the “Share Award Scheme”,
      note 29). The Group has the power to govern the financial and operating policies of the Trusts and derive
      benefits from the services of the employees who have been awarded the awarded shares through their
      continued employment with the Group. The assets and liabilities of the Trusts are included in the consolidated
      statement of financial position and the shares held by the Trusts are presented as a deduction in equity as
      shares held for the share award scheme.
104   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      2.1   BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED)

            Basis of consolidation (continued)

            When the Company has, directly or indirectly, less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee,
            the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee,
            including:

            (a)     the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;

            (b)     rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

            (c)     the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.

            The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the Company, using
            consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the Group
            obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.

            Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the parent
            and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.
            All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between
            members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

            The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are
            changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the ownership interest
            of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.

            If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognizes (i) the assets (including goodwill) and liabilities of
            the subsidiary, (ii) the carrying amount of any non-controlling interest and (iii) the cumulative translation
            differences recorded in equity; and recognizes (i) the fair value of the consideration received, (ii) the fair value of
            any investment retained and (iii) any resulting surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share of
            components previously recognized in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or retained
            profits/accumulated losses, as appropriate, on the same basis as would be required if the Group had directly
            disposed of the related assets or liabilities.

      2.2   CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES

            The Group has adopted the following revised HKFRSs for the first time for the current year’s financial
            statements.

            Amendments to HKFRS 9,                  Interest Rate Benchmark Reform — Phase 2
                  HKAS 39 and HKFRS 7,
                  HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16
            Amendment to HKFRS 16                   Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions
            Amendment to HKFRS 16                   Covid-19-Related Rent Concessions beyond 30 June 2021 (early adopted)
                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   105




                                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                               March 31, 2022

2.2   CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (CONTINUED)

      The nature and the impact of the revised HKFRSs are described below:

      (a)   Amendments to HKFRS 9, HKAS 39, HKFRS 7, HKFRS 4 and HKFRS 16 address issues not dealt with
            in the previous amendments which affect financial reporting when an existing interest rate benchmark is
            replaced with an alternative risk-free rate (“RFR”). The amendments provide a practical expedient to allow
            the effective interest rate to be updated without adjusting the carrying amount of financial assets and
            liabilities when accounting for changes in the basis for determining the contractual cash flows of financial
            assets and liabilities, if the change is a direct consequence of the interest rate benchmark reform and the
            new basis for determining the contractual cash flows is economically equivalent to the previous basis
            immediately preceding the change. In addition, the amendments permit changes required by the interest
            rate benchmark reform to be made to hedge designations and hedge documentation without the hedging
            relationship being discontinued. Any gains or losses that could arise on transition are dealt with through
            the normal requirements of HKFRS 9 to measure and recognize hedge ineffectiveness. The amendments
            also provide a temporary relief to entities from having to meet the separately identifiable requirement
            when an RFR is designated as a risk component. The relief allows an entity, upon designation of the
            hedge, to assume that the separately identifiable requirement is met, provided the entity reasonably
            expects the RFR risk component to become separately identifiable within the next 24 months.
            Furthermore, the amendments require an entity to disclose additional information to enable users of
            financial statements to understand the effect of interest rate benchmark reform on an entity’s financial
            instruments and risk management strategy.

      (b)   Amendment to HKFRS 16 issued in April 2021 extends the availability of the practical expedient for lessees
            to elect not to apply lease modification accounting for rent concessions arising as a direct consequence
            of the covid-19 pandemic by 12 months. Accordingly, the practical expedient applies to rent concessions
            for which any reduction in lease payments affects only payments originally due on or before June 30,
            2022, provided the other conditions for applying the practical expedient are met. The amendment is
            effective retrospectively for annual periods beginning on or after April 1, 2021 with any cumulative effect
            of initially applying the amendment recognized as an adjustment to the opening balance of accumulated
            losses at the beginning of the current accounting period. Earlier application is permitted.

            The Group has adopted the amendment on April 1, 2021 and applied the practical expedient during the
            year ended March 31, 2022 to all rent concessions granted by the lessors that affected only payments
            originally due on or before June 30, 2022 as a direct consequence of the covid-19 pandemic. A
            reduction in the lease payments arising from the rent concessions of RMB76,000 has been accounted for
            as a variable lease payment by derecognizing part of the lease liabilities and crediting to profit or loss for
            the year ended March 31, 2022.
106   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      2.3   ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS

            The Group has not applied the following new and revised HKFRSs, that have been issued but are not yet
            effective, in these financial statements.

            Amendments to HKFRS 3                      Reference to the Conceptual Framework 1
            Amendments to HKFRS 10 and Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate or
                HKAS 28 (2011)                             Joint Venture 3
            HKFRS 17                                   Insurance Contracts 2
            Amendments to HKFRS 17                     Insurance Contracts 2, 5
            Amendment to HKFRS 17                      Initial Application of HKFRS 17 and HKFRS 9 — Comparative Information 6
            Amendments to HKAS 1                       Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current 2, 4
            Amendments to HKAS 1 and                   Disclosure of Accounting Policies 2
                HKFRS Practice Statement 2
            Amendments HKAS 8                          Definition of Accounting Estimates 2
            Amendments to HKAS 12                      Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single
                                                           Transaction 2
            Amendments to HKAS 16                      Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use 1
            Amendments to HKAS 37                      Onerous Contracts — Cost of Fulfilling a Contract 1
            Annual Improvements to                     Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 9, Illustrative Examples accompanying
              HKFRSs 2018 –2020                            HKFRS 16, and HKAS 411

            1
                   Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2022
            2
                   Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023
            3
                   No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption
            4
                   As a consequence of the amendments to HKAS 1, Hong Kong Interpretation 5 Presentation of Financial Statements — Classification by
                   the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment on Demand Clause was revised in October 2020 to align the corresponding
                   wording with no change in conclusion
            5
                   As a consequence of the amendments to HKFRS 17 issued in October 2020, HKFRS 4 was amended to extend the temporary exemption
                   that permits insurers to apply HKAS 39 rather than HKFRS 9 for annual periods beginning before January 1, 2023
            6
                   The HKICPA amends HKFRS 17 to permit a classification overlay for financial assets presented in comparative periods on initial application
                   of HKFRS 17
                                                                  ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   107




                                                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                 March 31, 2022

2.3   ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (CONTINUED)

      Further information about those HKFRSs that are expected to be applicable to the Group is described below.

      Amendments to HKFRS 3 are intended to replace a reference to the previous Framework for the Preparation
      and Presentation of Financial Statements with a reference to the Conceptual Framework for Financial Reporting
      issued in June 2018 without significantly changing its requirements. The amendments also add to HKFRS 3 an
      exception to its recognition principle for an entity to refer to the Conceptual Framework to determine what
      constitutes an asset or a liability. The exception specifies that, for liabilities and contingent liabilities that would
      be within the scope of HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 if they were incurred separately rather than assumed in a
      business combination, an entity applying HKFRS 3 should refer to HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 respectively
      instead of the Conceptual Framework. Furthermore, the amendments clarify that contingent assets do not
      qualify for recognition at the acquisition date. The Group expects to adopt the amendments prospectively from
      April 1, 2022. Since the amendments apply prospectively to business combinations for which the acquisition
      date is on or after the date of first application, the Group will not be affected by these amendments on the
      date of transition.

      Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (2011) address an inconsistency between the requirements in
      HKFRS 10 and in HKAS 28 (2011) in dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and
      its associate or joint venture. The amendments require a full recognition of a gain or loss resulting from a
      downstream transaction when the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint
      venture constitutes a business. For a transaction involving assets that do not constitute a business, a gain or
      loss resulting from the transaction is recognized in the investor’s profit or loss only to the extent of the
      unrelated investor’s interest in that associate or joint venture. The amendments are to be applied prospectively.
      The previous mandatory effective date of amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (2011) was removed by the
      HKICPA in January 2016 and a new mandatory effective date will be determined after the completion of a
      broader review of accounting for associates and joint ventures. However, the amendments are available for
      adoption now.

      Amendments to HKAS 1 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current clarify the requirements for
      classifying liabilities as current or non-current. The amendments specify that if an entity’s right to defer
      settlement of a liability is subject to the entity complying with specified conditions, the entity has a right to
      defer settlement of the liability at the end of the reporting period if it complies with those conditions at that
      date. Classification of a liability is unaffected by the likelihood that the entity will exercise its right to defer
      settlement of the liability. The amendments also clarify the situations that are considered a settlement of a
      liability. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023 and shall be
      applied retrospectively. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any
      significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.
108   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      2.3   ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (CONTINUED)

            Amendments to HKAS 1 Disclosure of Accounting Policies require entities to disclose their material accounting
            policy information rather than their significant accounting policies. Accounting policy information is material if,
            when considered together with other information included in an entity’s financial statements, it can reasonably
            be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make on the
            basis of those financial statements. Amendments to HKFRS Practice Statement 2 provide non-mandatory
            guidance on how to apply the concept of materiality to accounting policy disclosures. Amendments to HKAS 1
            are effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023 and earlier application is permitted. Since
            the guidance provided in the amendments to HKFRS Practice Statement 2 is non-mandatory, an effective date
            for these amendments is not necessary. The Group is currently assessing the impact of the amendments on
            the Group’s accounting policy disclosures.

            Amendments to HKAS 8 clarify the distinction between changes in accounting estimates and changes in
            accounting policies. Accounting estimates are defined as monetary amounts in financial statements that are
            subject to measurement uncertainty. The amendments also clarify how entities use measurement techniques
            and inputs to develop accounting estimates. The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods
            beginning on or after January 1, 2023 and apply to changes in accounting policies and changes in accounting
            estimates that occur on or after the start of that period. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are
            not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

            Amendments to HKAS 12 narrow the scope of the initial recognition exception so that it no longer applies to
            transactions that give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences, such as leases and
            decommissioning obligations. Therefore, entities are required to recognize a deferred tax asset and a deferred
            tax liability for temporary differences arising from these transactions. The amendments are effective for annual
            reporting periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023 and shall be applied to transactions related to leases
            and decommissioning obligations at the beginning of the earliest comparative period presented, with any
            cumulative effect recognized as an adjustment to the opening balance of accumulated losses or other
            component of equity as appropriate at that date. In addition, the amendments shall be applied prospectively to
            transactions other than leases and decommissioning obligations. Earlier application is permitted. The
            amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

            Amendments to HKAS 16 prohibit an entity from deducting from the cost of an item of property, plant and
            equipment any proceeds from selling items produced while bringing that asset to the location and condition
            necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management. Instead, an entity
            recognizes the proceeds from selling any such items, and the cost of those items, in profit or loss. The
            amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2022 and shall be applied
            retrospectively only to items of property, plant and equipment made available for use on or after the beginning
            of the earliest period presented in the financial statements in which the entity first applies the amendments.
            Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the
            Group’s financial statements.
                                                                  ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   109




                                                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                 March 31, 2022

2.3   ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (CONTINUED)

      Amendments to HKAS 37 clarify that for the purpose of assessing whether a contract is onerous under HKAS
      37, the cost of fulfilling the contract comprises the costs that relate directly to the contract. Costs that relate
      directly to a contract include both the incremental costs of fulfilling that contract (e.g., direct labor and
      materials) and an allocation of other costs that relate directly to fulfilling that contract (e.g., an allocation of the
      depreciation charge for an item of property, plant and equipment used in fulfilling the contract as well as
      contract management and supervision costs). General and administrative costs do not relate directly to a
      contract and are excluded unless they are explicitly chargeable to the counterparty under the contract. The
      amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2022 and shall be applied to
      contracts for which an entity has not yet fulfilled all its obligations at the beginning of the annual reporting
      period in which it first applies the amendments. Earlier application is permitted. Any cumulative effect of initially
      applying the amendments shall be recognized as an adjustment to the opening equity at the date of initial
      application without restating the comparative information. The amendments are not expected to have any
      significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

      Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018 –2020 sets out amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 9, Illustrative
      Examples accompanying HKFRS 16, and HKAS 41. Details of the amendments that are expected to be
      applicable to the Group are as follows:

      •     HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments: clarifies the fees that an entity includes when assessing whether the terms
            of a new or modified financial liability are substantially different from the terms of the original financial
            liability. These fees include only those paid or received between the borrower and the lender, including
            fees paid or received by either the borrower or lender on the other’s behalf. An entity applies the
            amendment to financial liabilities that are modified or exchanged on or after the beginning of the annual
            reporting period in which the entity first applies the amendment. The amendment is effective for annual
            periods beginning on or after January 1, 2022. Earlier application is permitted. The amendment is not
            expected to have a significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

      •     HKFRS 16 Leases: removes the illustration of payments from the lessor relating to leasehold improvements
            in Illustrative Example 13 accompanying HKFRS 16. This removes potential confusion regarding the
            treatment of lease incentives when applying HKFRS 16.
110   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

            Investments in associates and joint ventures

            An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long term interest of the equity voting rights and over
            which it is in a position to exercise significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in the
            financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint control over those policies.

            A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement
            have rights to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of
            an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent
            of the parties sharing control.

            The Group’s investments in associates and joint ventures are stated in the consolidated statement of financial
            position at the Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any impairment
            losses.

            The Group’s share of the post-acquisition results and other comprehensive income of associates and joint
            ventures is included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and consolidated other comprehensive
            income, respectively. In addition, when there has been a change recognized directly in the equity of the
            associate or joint venture, the Group recognizes its share of any changes, when applicable, in the consolidated
            statement of changes in equity. Unrealized gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and
            its associates or joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s investments in the associates or joint
            ventures, except where unrealized losses provide evidence of an impairment of the assets transferred. Goodwill
            arising from the acquisition of associates or joint ventures is included as part of the Group’s investments in
            associates or joint ventures.

            If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained interest is
            not remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method. In all other
            cases, upon loss of significant influence over the associate or joint control over the joint venture, the Group
            measures and recognizes any retained investment at its fair value. Any difference between the carrying amount
            of the associate or joint venture upon loss of significant influence or joint control and the fair value of the
            retained investment and proceeds from disposal is recognized in profit or loss.
                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   111




                                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                               March 31, 2022

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Business combinations and goodwill

      Except for business combination under common control, the Company accounted for its business combinations
      using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred is measured at the acquisition date fair value which
      is the sum of the acquisition date fair values of assets transferred by the Group, liabilities assumed by the
      Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for
      control of the acquiree. For each business combination, the Group elects whether to measure the
      non-controlling interests in the acquiree that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a
      proportionate share of net assets in the event of liquidation at fair value or at the proportionate share of the
      acquiree’s identifiable net assets. All other components of non-controlling interests are measured at fair value.
      Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

      The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets includes
      an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs.

      When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate
      classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent
      conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in host contracts of
      the acquiree.

      If the business combination is achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest is remeasured at its
      acquisition date fair value and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in profit or loss.

      Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognized at fair value at the acquisition
      date. Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability is measured at fair value with changes in fair
      value recognized in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured and
      subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.

      Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred, the
      amount recognized for non-controlling interests and any fair value of the Group’s previously held equity
      interests in the acquiree over the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If the sum of this
      consideration and other items is lower than the fair value of the net assets acquired, the difference is, after
      reassessment, recognized in profit or loss as a gain on bargain purchase.

      After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is
      tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
      carrying value may be impaired. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business
      combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units (“CGUs”), or
      groups of CGUs, that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, irrespective of whether
      other assets or liabilities of the Group are assigned to those units or groups of units.
112   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Business combinations and goodwill (continued)

            Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (“CGU”) (group of
            CGUs) to which the goodwill relates. Where the recoverable amount of the CGU (group of CGUs) is less than
            the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognized. An impairment loss recognized for goodwill is not
            reversed in a subsequent period.

            Where goodwill has been allocated to a CGU (or group of CGUs) and part of the operation within that unit is
            disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in the carrying amount of the
            operation when determining the gain or loss on the disposal. Goodwill disposed of in these circumstances is
            measured based on the relative value of the operation disposed of and the portion of the CGU retained.

            Fair value measurement

            The Group measures its financial assets at FVPL, bills receivable, an equity investment designated at FVOCI
            and contingent consideration included in other payables and accruals at fair value at the end of each reporting
            period. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly
            transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value measurement is based on the
            presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability takes place either in the principal
            market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the most advantageous market for
            the asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must be accessible by the Group. The fair
            value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market participants would use when
            pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their economic best interest.

            A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate
            economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant
            that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

            The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data
            are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of
            unobservable inputs.
                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   113




                                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                March 31, 2022

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Fair value measurement (continued)

      All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised
      within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
      value measurement as a whole:

      Level 1         — based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities
      Level 2         — based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
                          value measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly
      Level 3         — based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
                          value measurement is unobservable

      For assets and liabilities that are recognized in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group
      determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation
      (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of
      each reporting period.

      Impairment of non-financial assets

      Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required (other
      than inventories), the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of
      the asset’s or cash-generating unit’s value in use and its fair value less costs of disposal, and is determined
      for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are largely independent of those
      from other assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount is determined for the
      cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

      An impairment loss is recognized only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. In
      assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
      discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
      asset. An impairment loss is charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises in those
      expense categories consistent with the function of the impaired asset.

      An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication that previously
      recognized impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication exists, the
      recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognized impairment loss of an asset other than goodwill is
      reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of that
      asset, but not to an amount higher than the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of any
      depreciation/amortisation) had no impairment loss been recognized for the asset in prior years. A reversal of
      such an impairment loss is credited to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises, unless
      the asset is carried at a revalued amount, in which case the reversal of the impairment loss is accounted for in
      accordance with the relevant accounting policy for that revalued asset.
114   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Impairment of non-financial assets (continued)

            Related parties

            A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

            (a)    the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person

                   (i)      has control or joint control over the Group;

                   (ii)     has significant influence over the Group; or

                   (iii)    is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;

            or

            (b)    the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:

                   (i)      the entity and the Group are members of the same group;

                   (ii)     one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow
                            subsidiary of the other entity);

                   (iii)    the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

                   (iv)     one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;

                   (v)      the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an
                            entity related to the Group; and the sponsoring employers of the post-employment benefit plan;

                   (vi)     the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

                   (vii)    a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                            management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

                   (viii)   the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                            services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.
                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   115




                                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                March 31, 2022

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Property and equipment and depreciation

      Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses. The cost
      of an item of property and equipment comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of
      bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.

      Expenditure incurred after items of property and equipment have been put into operation, such as repairs and
      maintenance, is normally charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred. In
      situations where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection is capitalized in the
      carrying amount of the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property and equipment are required
      to be replaced at intervals, the Group recognizes such parts as individual assets with specific useful lives and
      depreciates them accordingly.

      Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property and
      equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for this purpose
      are as follows:

      Leasehold improvements                             Over the shorter of lease terms and 171/6%
      Computer equipment, furniture and fixtures         20% to 331/3%
      Motor vehicles                                     20% to 331/3%

      Where parts of an item of property and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item is allocated
      on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual values, useful lives
      and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial year end.

      An item of property and equipment including any significant part initially recognized is derecognized upon
      disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on
      disposal or retirement recognized in the statement of profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognized is the
      difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset.
116   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Intangible assets (other than goodwill)

            Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of intangible assets
            acquired in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition. The useful lives of intangible
            assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite lives are subsequently
            amortized over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever there is an indication that the
            intangible asset may be impaired. The amortization period and the amortization method for an intangible asset
            with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at each financial year end.

            Patents and licences

            Patents and licences are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortized on the straight-line basis
            over their estimated useful lives of three years.

            Brand name

            The brand name obtained from acquisition of a subsidiary (note 31) is stated at cost less impairment losses
            and is amortized on the straight-line basis over its estimated useful life of 20 years.

            Leases

            The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or
            contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time
            in exchange for consideration.

            Group as a lessee

            The Group recognizes lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets representing the right to
            use the underlying assets. The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases,
            except for short-term leases.
                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   117




                                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                               March 31, 2022

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Leases (continued)

      Group as a lessee (continued)

      (a)   Right-of-use assets

            Right-of-use assets are recognized at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date the
            underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated
            depreciation and any impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost
            of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognized, initial direct costs incurred, and
            lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Unless
            the Group is reasonably certain to obtain ownership of the leased asset at the end of the lease term, the
            recognized right-of-use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the estimated
            useful life and the lease term as follows:

            Retail outlets                                                                                   1.5 to 9 years
            Office                                                                                             2 to 3 years
            Staff dormitory                                                                                    1 to 4 years
            Warehouse                                                                                          1 to 3 years

      (b)   Lease liabilities

            Lease liabilities are recognized at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease
            payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in
            substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on
            an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease
            payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the
            Group and payments of penalties for termination of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group
            exercising the option to terminate the lease. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index
            or a rate are recognized as an expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the
            payment occurs.

            In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at the
            lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable. After
            the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of interest
            and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is
            remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a
            change to future lease payments resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in assessment
            of an option to purchase the underlying asset.
118   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Leases (continued)

            Group as a lessee (continued)

            (c)    Short-term leases

                   The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of properties (that
                   is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do not
                   contain a purchase option). Lease payments on short-term leases are recognized as an expense on a
                   straight-line basis over the lease term.

            Group as a lessor

            When the Group acts as a lessor, it classifies at lease inception (or when there is a lease modification) each of
            its leases as either an operating lease or a finance lease.

            Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to ownership of
            an asset are classified as operating leases. When a contract contains lease and non-lease components, the
            Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each component on a relative stand-alone selling price
            basis. Rental income is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease terms and is included in revenue
            in the statement of profit or loss due to its operating nature. Initial direct costs incurred in negotiating and
            arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased asset and recognized over the
            lease term on the same basis as rental income. Contingent rents are recognized as revenue in the period in
            which they are earned.

            Investments and other financial assets

            Initial recognition and measurement

            Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortized cost, fair value
            through other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.

            The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow
            characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables
            that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical
            expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially measures a
            financial asset at its fair value, plus in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss,
            transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the
            Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under HKFRS 15
            in accordance with the policies set out for “Revenue recognition” below.
                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   119




                                                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                             March 31, 2022

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Investments and other financial assets (continued)

      Initial recognition and measurement (continued)

      In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortized cost or fair value through other
      comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest
      (“SPPI”) on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI are classified
      and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.

      The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order
      to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting
      contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and measured at
      amortized cost are held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to collect
      contractual cash flows, while financial assets classified and measured at fair value through other comprehensive
      income are held within a business model with the objective of both holding to collect contractual cash flows
      and selling. Financial assets which are not held within the aforementioned business models are classified and
      measured at fair value through profit or loss.

      All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognized on the trade date, that is, the date that
      the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of
      financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by regulation or
      convention in the marketplace.

      Subsequent measurement

      The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:

      Financial assets at amortized cost (debt instruments)

      Financial assets at amortized cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and are
      subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognized in the statement of profit or loss when the asset is
      derecognized, modified or impaired.

      Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (debt instruments)

      For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, interest income, foreign exchange
      revaluation and impairment losses or reversals are recognized in the statement of profit or loss and computed
      in the same manner as for financial assets measured at amortized cost. The remaining fair value changes are
      recognized in other comprehensive income. Upon derecognition, the cumulative fair value change recognized in
      other comprehensive income is recycled to the statement of profit or loss.
120   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Investments and other financial assets (continued)

            Subsequent measurement (continued)

            Financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (equity investments)

            Upon initial recognition, the Group can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as equity investments
            designated at fair value through other comprehensive income when they meet the definition of equity under
            HKAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation and are not held for trading. The classification is determined on
            an instrument-by-instrument basis.

            Gains and losses on these financial assets are never recycled to the statement of profit or loss. Dividends are
            recognized as other income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established,
            it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of
            the dividend can be measured reliably, except when the Group benefits from such proceeds as a recovery of
            part of the cost of the financial asset, in which case such gains are recorded in other comprehensive income.
            Equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income are not subject to impairment
            assessment.

            Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

            Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value
            with net changes in fair value recognized in the statement of profit or loss.

            This category includes derivative instruments and equity investments which the Group had not irrevocably
            elected to classify at fair value through other comprehensive income. Dividends on equity investments classified
            as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are also recognized as other income in the statement of
            profit or loss when the right of payment has been established, it is probable that the economic benefits
            associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the dividend can be measured reliably.

            A derivative embedded in a hybrid contract, with a financial liability or non-financial host, is separated from the
            host and accounted for as a separate derivative if the economic characteristics and risks are not closely related
            to the host; a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative would meet the definition
            of a derivative; and the hybrid contract is not measured at fair value through profit or loss. Embedded
            derivatives are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in the statement of profit or loss.
            Reassessment only occurs if there is either a change in the terms of the contract that significantly modifies the
            cash flows that would otherwise be required or a reclassification of a financial asset out of the fair value
            through profit or loss category.

            A derivative embedded within a hybrid contract containing a financial asset host is not accounted for
            separately. The financial asset host together with the embedded derivative is required to be classified in its
            entirety as a financial asset at fair value through profit or loss.
                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   121




                                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                               March 31, 2022

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Derecognition of financial assets

      A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets)
      is primarily derecognized (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position) when:

      •     the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or

      •     the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to
            pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through”
            arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset,
            or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset,
            but has transferred control of the asset.

      When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a
      pass-through arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of
      ownership of the asset. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of
      the asset nor transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to recognize the transferred asset to the
      extent of the Group’s continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also recognize an associated liability. The
      transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations
      that the Group has retained.

      Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower
      of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could
      be required to repay.

      Impairment of financial assets

      The Group recognizes an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not held at fair
      value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in
      accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an
      approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the
      sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.
122   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Impairment of financial assets (continued)

            General approach

            ECLs are recognized in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in
            credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are
            possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a
            significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected
            over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).

            At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased
            significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a default
            occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the
            financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information
            that is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking information.

            For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, the Group applies the low credit risk
            simplification. At each reporting date, the Group evaluates whether the debt investments are considered to
            have low credit risk using all reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or
            effort. In making that evaluation, the Group reassesses the external credit ratings of the debt investments. In
            addition, the Group considers that there has been a significant increase in credit risk when contractual
            payments are more than 30 days past due.

            The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are aged more than two years.
            However, in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or
            external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full
            before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written off when
            there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.
                                                                    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   123




                                                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                   March 31, 2022

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Impairment of financial assets (continued)

      General approach (continued)

      Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at amortized cost are
      subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified within the following stages for
      measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables which apply the simplified approach as detailed below.

      Stage 1          — Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial
                           recognition and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month
                         ECLs
      Stage 2          — Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition
                           but that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is
                           measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs
      Stage 3          — Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased or
                           originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount
                           equal to lifetime ECLs

      Simplified approach

      For trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or when the Group applies the
      practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group applies the
      simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group does not track changes in
      credit risk, but instead recognizes a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting date. The Group
      has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience, adjusted for
      forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.

      Financial liabilities

      Initial recognition and measurement

      Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss,
      loans and borrowings or payables.

      All financial liabilities are recognized initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and
      payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.

      The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and bills payables, and other financial liabilities included in other
      payables and lease liabilities.
124   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Financial liabilities (continued)

            Subsequent measurement

            The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:

            Financial liabilities at amortized cost

            After initial recognition, interest-bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortized cost,
            using the effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case
            they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognized in the statement of profit or loss when the liabilities
            are derecognized as well as through the effective interest rate amortisation process.

            Amortized cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs
            that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is included in
            finance costs in the statement of profit or loss.

            Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

            Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial
            liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss.

            Financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss are designated at the
            initial date of recognition, and only if the criteria in HKFRS 9 are satisfied. Gains or losses on liabilities
            designated at fair value through profit or loss are recognized in the statement of profit or loss, except for the
            gains or losses arising from the Group’s own credit risk which are presented in other comprehensive income
            with no subsequent reclassification to the statement of profit or loss. The net fair value gain or loss recognized
            in the statement of profit or loss does not include any interest charged on these financial liabilities.

            Derecognition of financial liabilities

            A financial liability is derecognized when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or expires.

            When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms,
            or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a
            derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference between the
            respective carrying amounts is recognized in the statement of profit or loss.

            Offsetting of financial instruments

            Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of financial
            position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognized amounts and there is an intention
            to settle on a net basis, or to realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.
                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   125




                                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                               March 31, 2022

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Treasury shares

      Own equity instruments which are reacquired and held by the Company or the Group (treasury shares) are
      recognized directly in equity at cost. No gain or loss is recognized in the statement of profit or loss on the
      purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Group’s own equity instruments.

      Inventories

      Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is determined on the weighted
      average basis. Net realizable value is based on estimated selling prices less any estimated costs to be incurred
      to sale.

      Cash and cash equivalents

      For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on
      hand and demand deposits, and short term highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known
      amounts of cash, are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and have a short maturity of generally
      within three months when acquired, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an integral
      part of the Group’s cash management.

      For the purpose of the consolidated statement of financial position, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash
      on hand and at banks, including term deposits, and assets similar in nature to cash, which are not restricted
      as to use.

      Income tax

      Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognized outside profit or loss is
      recognized outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

      Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the
      taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the
      end of the reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the countries in
      which the Group operates.

      Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of the reporting
      period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting
      purposes.
126   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Income tax (continued)

            Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences, except:

            •      when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a
                   transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the
                   accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and

            •      in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint
                   ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is
                   probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

            Deferred tax assets are recognized for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of unused tax
            credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is probable that
            taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of
            unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilized, except:

            •      when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the initial recognition
                   of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the
                   transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and

            •      in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and
                   joint ventures, deferred tax assets are only recognized to the extent that it is probable that the temporary
                   differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the
                   temporary differences can be utilized.

            The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the
            extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the
            deferred tax asset to be utilized. Unrecognized deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each reporting
            period and are recognized to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient taxable profit will be
            available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

            Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when
            the asset is realized or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
            substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

            Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable right
            to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
            relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different
            taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realize the
            assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax
            liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.
                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   127




                                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                               March 31, 2022

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Government grants

      Government grants are recognized at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be
      received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item, it is
      recognized as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for which it is intended to
      compensate, are expensed.

      Revenue recognition

      Revenue from contracts with customers

      Revenue from contracts with customers is recognized when control of goods or services is transferred to the
      customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange
      for those goods or services.

      When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is estimated to
      which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the customer. The
      variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable that a
      significant revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur when the associated
      uncertainty with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

      The Group reports revenue on a gross or net basis depending on whether the Group is acting as a principal or
      an agent in a transaction. The Group is a principal if it controls the specified product or service before that
      product or service is transferred to a customer or it has a right to direct others to provide the product or
      service to the customer on the Group’s behalf. Indicators that the Group is a principal include, but are not
      limited to, whether the Group (i) is primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified good
      or service; (ii) has inventory risk before the specified good or service has been transferred to a customer or
      after transfer of control to the customer and (iii) has discretion in establishing the price for the specified good
      or service, etc.

      When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant benefit of
      financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is measured at the
      present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a
      separate financing transaction between the Group and the customer at contract inception. When the contract
      contains a financing component which provides the Group with a significant financial benefit for more than one
      year, revenue recognized under the contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability
      under the effective interest method. For a contract where the period between the payment by the customer
      and the transfer of the promised goods or services is one year or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for
      the effects of a significant financing component, using the practical expedient in HKFRS 15.
128   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Revenue recognition (continued)

            Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

            (a)    Revenues from the pharmaceutical direct sales business:

                   Sale of pharmaceutical and healthcare products

                   The Group is engaged in the sale of pharmaceutical and healthcare products to individual customers
                   (“business-to-customer” or “B2C”) through its online stores on Tmall.com (“Tmall”) and its offline
                   pharmacy outlets, and to merchant customers (“business-to-business, or “B2B”). Revenue from the sale
                   of pharmaceutical and healthcare products is recorded net of discounts and recognized when the goods
                   are delivered to individual customers, either by third party couriers or at the offline outlets, or to
                   merchant customers by third party couriers. For contracts which provide a customer with a right to
                   return the goods within a specified period, the expected value method is used to estimate the goods that
                   will not be returned because this method best predicts the amount of variable consideration to which the
                   Group will be entitled. The requirements in HKFRS 15 on constraining estimates of variable consideration
                   are applied in order to determine the amount of variable consideration that can be included in the
                   transaction price.

                   Marketing services

                   The Group provides marketing services to pharmaceutical brands primarily through display of impressions
                   or clicks of the pharmaceutical brands’ advertisements on various online platforms and mobile apps. The
                   fee from pharmaceutical brands is charged primarily during the period over which the marketing services
                   are provided.

            (b)    Revenues from the pharmaceutical E-commerce platform business:

                   Outsourced and value-added services to Tmall Entities

                   The Group provides outsourced and value-added services to Tmall Entities*, in relation to certain
                   categories of products or services sold or provided on Tmall. The outsourced and value-added services
                   include business development for merchants, customer services on behalf of merchants, marketing event
                   planning for merchants and technical support and assistance to the Tmall Entities’ business team.
                   Revenue from the outsourced and value-added services is determined as a percentage of the fees paid
                   by merchants to the Tmall Entities in respect of the transaction amount of completed sales of products
                   or services under certain categories on Tmall and recognized when services are rendered and the
                   underlying transactions of merchants are completed.
                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   129




                                                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                             March 31, 2022

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Revenue recognition (continued)

      Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

      (b)   Revenues from the pharmaceutical E-commerce platform business: (continued)

            E-commerce platform services

            The Group provides to merchants on the Tmall e-commerce platform maintenance related software
            services in respect of merchant admission, product quality control, and merchant operational and
            maintenance support, and earns commissions from merchants generally at 3% of the transaction amounts
            of merchandise being sold on Tmall by merchants. Revenue of the commissions is recognized at the time
            when the underlying sale of merchandise by merchants on Tmall is completed.

            *    Zhejiang Tmall Network Co., Ltd. (浙江天貓網絡有限公司) and Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd. (浙江天貓技術有限公司)


      (c)   Revenues from the healthcare and digital services business

            The Group provides a variety of standardized service packages that integrate services provided by various
            medical and healthcare organizations to meet the health-related needs of the users, such as health
            check-ups, genetic testing and vaccine inoculation. The Group principally generates revenue from selling
            the standardized service packages to individual customers or corporate customers. Different types of
            service packages provide the customers with a specific number of times of services for each service
            offered in the package. Revenue is recognized upon the individual service is rendered to customers.

            The Group, through its online stores on Tmall and mobile apps, facilitates the provision of services by
            medical and healthcare service organizations to end customers. The Group provides to medical and
            healthcare service organizations with e-commerce platform maintenance related software services,
            customer consultation, reservation and other value-added services and charges a service fee at a
            percentage of the amount of the transaction entered into by the medical and healthcare service providers
            and their customers, or at a fixed price per reservation through the Group’s online stores. The revenue is
            recognized at the time when the underlying transaction is completed by the medical and healthcare
            service provider through Tmall.

            The Group also provides marketing services to medical and healthcare service organizations primarily
            through display of impressions or clicks of the advertisement in particular areas of web pages or mobile
            apps. The fee from medical and healthcare service organizations is charged primarily during the period
            over which the marketing services are provided.

            The Group also provides multi-faceted, multi-level, professional and convenient health consultation
            services to users through their engaged professionals, such as medical practitioners, pharmacists and
            nutritionists. The Group charges a fixed consultation fee to the user and recognizes revenue at the time
            when the service is rendered to the user.
130   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Revenue recognition (continued)

            Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

            (c)    Revenues from the healthcare and digital services business (continued)

                   The Group also provides integrated online and offline services by building an Internet hospital to provide
                   effective communication between doctors and patients. Customers can directly consult with doctors on
                   the platform and receive pharmaceutical products, which will be directly delivered to patients by
                   self-operated pharmacies or qualified third-party institutions. The revenue is recognized when the goods
                   are received.

                   The Group also renders series of services to the customers through its product tracking platforms,
                   including product track and trace and the digital healthcare business. Revenue is recognized over the
                   period when the underlying services are provided.

            Other income

            Interest income is recognized on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate that
            exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or a
            shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.

            Dividend income is recognized when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been established, it is
            probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the
            dividend can be measured reliably.

            Contract liabilities

            A contract liability is recognized when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is earlier) from a
            customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities are recognized as
            revenue when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the related goods or services to
            the customer).

            Costs of services

            Costs of services comprise labor, other costs of personnel directly engaged in providing the services and
            attributable overhead costs for technical support and other direct costs of services purchased.
                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   131




                                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                               March 31, 2022

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Fulfilment

      Fulfilment primarily consists of those costs incurred in warehousing, logistics, operation and customer services,
      which are associated with the Group’s online direct sales business.

      Finance costs

      Finance costs are interest on lease liabilities of the Group.

      Share-based payments

      The Company operates a share award scheme for the purpose of providing incentives and rewards to eligible
      participants who contribute to the success of the Group’s operations. Employees (including directors) of the
      Group receive remuneration in the form of share-based payments, whereby employees render services as
      consideration for equity instruments (“equity-settled transactions”). During the year ended March 31, 2022,
      certain employees of Alibaba Group transferred to the Company restricted share units (RSUs#) granted by
      Alibaba Group to these employees were not forfeited after to the transfer. The Company has the obligation to
      settle all RSUs vested during these employees’ service period in the Company, and measures the transaction
      as cash-settled share-based payments (“cash-settled transactions”).

      The cost of equity-settled transactions with employees for grants after 7 November 2002 is measured by
      reference to the fair value at the date at which they are granted. The fair value is determined by an external
      valuer using a binomial model, further details of which are given in note 29 to the financial statements.

      The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognized in employee benefit expense, together with a
      corresponding increase in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service conditions are
      fulfilled. The cumulative expense recognized for equity-settled transactions at the end of each reporting period
      until the vesting date reflects the extent to which the vesting period has expired and the Group’s best estimate
      of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. The charge or credit to the statement of profit or
      loss for a period represents the movement in the cumulative expense recognized as at the beginning and end
      of that period.

      Service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining the grant date
      fair value of awards, but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as part of the Group’s best
      estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. Market performance conditions are
      reflected within the grant date fair value. Any other conditions attached to an award, but without an associated
      service requirement, are considered to be non-vesting conditions. Non-vesting conditions are reflected in the fair
      value of an award and lead to an immediate expensing of an award unless there are also service and/or
      performance conditions.
132   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Share-based payments (continued)

            For awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service conditions have not
            been met, no expense is recognized. Where awards include a market or non-vesting condition, the
            transactions are treated as vesting irrespective of whether the market or non-vesting condition is satisfied,
            provided that all other performance and/or service conditions are satisfied.

            Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is recognized as if the
            terms had not been modified, if the original terms of the award are met. In addition, an expense is recognized
            for any modification that increases the total fair value of the share-based payments, or is otherwise beneficial to
            the employee as measured at the date of modification.

            Where an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated as if it had vested on the date of cancellation, and any
            expense not yet recognized for the award is recognized immediately. This includes any award where
            non-vesting conditions within the control of either the Group or the employee are not met. However, if a new
            award is substituted for the cancelled award, and is designated as a replacement award on the date that it is
            granted, the cancelled and new awards are treated as if they were a modification of the original award, as
            described in the previous paragraph.

            The dilutive effect of outstanding options is reflected as additional share dilution in the computation of earnings
            per share.

            For cash-settled transactions, the fair value is expensed over the period until the vesting date with recognition
            of a corresponding liability. The cost of cash-settled transactions is recognized in employee benefit expense,
            together with a corresponding increase in liability, over the period in which the performance and/or service
            conditions are fulfilled. The cumulative expense recognized for cash-settled transactions at the end of each
            reporting period until the vesting date reflects the extent to which the vesting period has expired and the
            Group’s best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. The charge or credit to the
            statement of profit or loss for a period represents the movement in the cumulative expense recognized as at
            the beginning and end of that period.
                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   133




                                                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                             March 31, 2022

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Other employee benefits

      Pension schemes

      The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme (the “MPF
      Scheme”) under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for those eligible Hong Kong employees.
      Contributions are made based on a percentage of the employees’ basic salaries and are charged to the
      statement of profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the MPF Scheme. The
      assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately from those of the Group in an independently administered fund.
      The Group’s employer contributions vest fully with the employees when contributed into the MPF Scheme.

      Full-time employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in Mainland China are required to participate in
      a defined contribution scheme operated by the local municipal government. These subsidiaries are required to
      contribute a certain percentage of their payroll costs to the defined contribution scheme which includes
      pension, medical care, unemployment insurance, employee housing fund and other welfare. The contributions
      are charged to the statement of profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the
      defined contribution scheme. The Group has no legal obligation for the benefits beyond the contributions
      made.

      Borrowing costs

      Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, i.e.,
      assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are
      capitalized as part of the cost of those assets. The capitalization of such borrowing costs ceases when the
      assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. Investment income earned on the temporary
      investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the
      borrowing costs capitalized. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.
      Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of
      funds.
134   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Dividends

            Final dividends are recognized as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general meeting.
            Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.

            Interim dividends are simultaneously proposed and declared, because the Company’s memorandum and articles
            of association grant the directors the authority to declare interim dividends. Consequently, interim dividends are
            recognized immediately as a liability when they are proposed and declared.

            Foreign currencies

            The Company’s functional currency is HK$, while these financial statements are presented in RMB. Each entity
            in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements of each
            entity are measured using that functional currency. Foreign currency transactions recorded by the entities in the
            Group are initially recorded using their respective functional currency rates prevailing at the dates of the
            transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional
            currency rates of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period. Differences arising on settlement or
            translation of monetary items are recognized in the statement of profit or loss.

            Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the
            exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign
            currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured. The gain or
            loss arising on translation of a non-monetary item measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition
            of the gain or loss on change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation difference on the item whose fair value
            gain or loss is recognized in other comprehensive income or profit or loss is also recognized in other
            comprehensive income or profit or loss, respectively).

            In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income on the
            derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration, the date
            of initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognizes the non-monetary asset or
            non-monetary liability arising from the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts in
            advance, the Group determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt of the advance consideration.

            The functional currencies of certain overseas subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are currencies other
            than the RMB. As at the end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these entities are translated
            into RMB at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period and their statements of profit or
            loss are translated into RMB at the weighted average exchange rates for the year.

            The resulting exchange differences are recognized in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the
            exchange fluctuation reserve. On disposal of a foreign operation, the component of other comprehensive
            income relating to that particular foreign operation is recognized in the statement of profit or loss.
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   135




                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                              March 31, 2022

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Foreign currencies (continued)

      Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation and any fair value adjustments to the carrying
      amounts of assets and liabilities arising on acquisition are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign
      operation and translated at the closing rate.

      For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of overseas subsidiaries are
      translated into RMB at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash flows. Frequently recurring cash
      flows of overseas subsidiaries which arise throughout the year are translated into RMB at the weighted average
      exchange rates for the year.

3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

      The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and
      assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and their
      accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions and
      estimates could result in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the
      assets or liabilities affected in the future.

      Judgements

      In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following judgements,
      apart from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognized in the
      financial statements:

      Accounting for companies governed under contractual arrangements as subsidiaries

      The Company and some of its subsidiaries do not hold any equity interests in certain of their subsidiaries.
      Nevertheless, under the contractual agreements entered into between the Group and the shareholders who are
      the registered owners of those subsidiaries, the directors of the Company determine that the Group has the
      power to govern the financial and operating policies of those subsidiaries so as to obtain benefits from their
      activities. As such, those subsidiaries are accounted for as subsidiaries of the Group for accounting purposes.

      Principal versus agent considerations

      In determining whether the Group is acting as a principal or as an agent in the sales of goods and provision of
      services, requires judgement and consideration of all relevant facts and circumstances. In evaluation of the
      Group acting as a principal or an agent, the Group considers whether it obtains control of the good or service
      before that good or service is transferred to a customer, including whether the Group is primarily responsible
      for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified good or service, has inventory risk before the specified good
      or service has been transferred to a customer or after transfer of control to the customer (for example, if the
      customer has a right of return), has discretion in establishing the price for the specified good or service.
136   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

            Estimation uncertainty

            The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the
            reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets
            and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.

            Impairment of goodwill

            The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis. This requires an estimation of
            the value in use of the cash-generating units to which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the value in use
            requires the Group to make an estimate of the expected future cash flows from the cash-generating units and
            also to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows. The
            carrying amount of goodwill at March 31, 2022 was RMB810,853,000 (March 31, 2021: RMB54,576,000).
            Further details are given in note 14.

            Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables

            The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables. The provision rates are based on
            aging for groupings of various customers that have similar loss patterns (i.e., by customer type).

            The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The Group will calibrate
            the matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information. For instance, if
            forecast economic conditions (i.e., gross domestic product) are expected to deteriorate over the next year
            which can lead to an increased number of defaults in the pharmaceutical and healthcare businesses, the
            historical default rates are adjusted. At each reporting date, the historical observed default rates are updated
            and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analyzed.

            The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions and
            ECLs is a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and forecast
            economic conditions. The Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may
            also not be representative of a customer’s actual default in the future. The information about the ECLs on the
            Group’s trade receivables is disclosed in note 19 to the financial statements.
                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   137




                                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                March 31, 2022

3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

     Estimation uncertainty (continued)

     Fair value of financial instruments at FVPL or FVOCI

     The investments in unlisted equity investments have been valued based on a market-based valuation technique
     as detailed in note 37 to the financial statements. The valuation requires the Group to determine the
     comparable public companies (peers) and select the price multiple. In addition, the Group makes estimates
     about the discount for illiquidity and size differences. The Group classifies the fair value of these investments as
     Level 3. The fair value of the unlisted equity investments at March 31, 2022 was RMB1,795,133,000 (2021:
     RMB1,139,665,000). Further details are included in notes 22 and 23 to the financial statements.

     The derivative instruments have been valued using the Black-Scholes model with the underlying equity value
     determined under the market approach. The valuation requires the Group to make estimates about the
     underlying equity value, risk-free interest rate, volatilities and dividends yield. The Group classifies the fair value
     of these derivative instruments as Level 3. The fair value of the derivative instruments at March 31, 2022 was
     RMB7,257,000 (2021: RMB8,003,000). Further details are included in note 22 to the financial statements.

     Part of purchase considerations of acquisitions of the Group was regarded as contingent consideration and
     recognized as financial liabilities at fair value and remeasured at the end of the reporting period. Determination
     of fair value requires management’s judgement and estimates and is based on assumptions. The fair value of
     the contingent consideration included in other payables and accruals is determined using the Monte Carlo
     Simulation model under the income approach. In arriving at the assessed values, the Group was required to
     make financial forecast, and determine discount rate and volatility. The Group classifies the fair value of this
     financial liability as Level 3. The carrying amount of contingent consideration at March 31, 2022 was
     RMB106,431,000 (2021: nil). Further details, including the key assumptions used for fair value measurement,
     are given in notes 31 and 37 to the consolidated financial statements.

     Deferred tax assets

     Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will
     be available against which the losses can be utilized. Significant management judgement is required to
     determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognized, based upon the likely timing and level of
     future taxable profits together with future tax planning strategies.
138   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      3.    SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

            Estimation uncertainty (continued)

            Impairment of inventories

            Management reviews the aging and expiry dates of inventories of the Group at the end of each reporting
            period, and makes provision or write-off on obsolete and slow-moving inventory items identified that are no
            longer suitable for sale. Management estimates the net realizable value for such inventories based primarily on
            the available selling prices, estimated costs to be incurred to sale and current market conditions. If the market
            condition was to deteriorate so that the actual provision might be higher than expected, the Group would be
            required to revise the basis of making the provision and its future results would be affected.

            Impairment of investments in associates

            The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for investments in associates at the end of
            each reporting period. Investments in associates are tested for impairment when there are indicators that the
            carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying amount of an investment in
            an associate exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its
            value in use. The Group elects to calculate the recoverable amounts using fair value less costs of disposal. The
            fair value is developed through the application of the income approach technique known as the discounted
            cash flow method, management must estimate the expected future cash flows from the investment in an
            associate and choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows.

            Leases — estimating the incremental borrowing rate

            The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in a lease, and therefore, it uses an incremental
            borrowing rate (“IBR”) to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the Group would have to
            pay to borrow over a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary to obtain an asset of a
            similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment. The IBR therefore reflects what the
            Group “would have to pay”, which requires estimation when no observable rates are available (such as for
            subsidiaries that do not enter into financing transactions) or when it needs to be adjusted to reflect the terms
            and conditions of the lease (for example, when leases are not in the subsidiary’s functional currency). The
            Group estimates the IBR using observable inputs (such as market interest rates) when available and is required
            to make certain entity-specific estimates (such as the subsidiary’s stand-alone credit rating).
                                                             ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   139




                                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                            March 31, 2022

3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

     Estimation uncertainty (continued)

     Measurement of share-based compensation expenses

     The Company has adopted a share award scheme. Share-based compensation expenses are recorded net of
     estimated forfeitures in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and are recorded for those share-based
     awards that are expected to vest. Determining the fair value of share options and RSUs requires significant
     judgement. The Company estimates the fair value of its share options and RSUs using the binomial model,
     which requires the Group to make estimates about inputs, such as expected volatility, the expected dividend
     yield, exercise multiple, risk-free interest rate and the expected forfeiture rate, and hence it is subject to
     uncertainty.

4.   OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

     The Group is primarily engaged in the pharmaceutical direct sales business, pharmaceutical e-commerce
     platform business and healthcare and digital services business. Given that the chief operating decision maker of
     the Company considers that the Group’s business is operated and managed as a single segment of
     distribution and development of pharmaceutical and healthcare business, no further segment information is
     presented.

     Geographical information

     (a)   Revenue from external customers

                                                                                                2022                   2021
                                                                                          RMB’000                 RMB’000


           Mainland China                                                                20,112,464            14,873,444
           Hong Kong                                                                        465,152                645,024


                                                                                         20,577,616            15,518,468


           The revenue information above is based on the locations of the customers for whom services are
           provided, or the locations of the warehouses from which inventories are shipped.
140   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      4.    OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

            Geographical information (continued)

            (b)    Non-current assets

                                                                                                  2022                2021
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000


                   Mainland China                                                            3,647,208           2,199,264
                   Hong Kong                                                                   156,440            183,022


                                                                                             3,803,648           2,382,286


                   The non-current asset information above is based on the locations of the assets and excludes deferred
                   tax assets, an equity investment designated at FVOCI, financial assets at FVPL and non-current
                   receivables.

            Information about a major customer

            During the year ended March 31, 2022, there was no revenue derived from transactions with a single external
            customer which amounted to 10% or more of the Group’s revenue (2021: Nil).

      5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS

            An analysis of revenue from contracts with customers is as follows:

                                                                                                  2022                2021
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000


            Pharmaceutical direct sales business                                            17,911,088         13,216,284
            Pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business                                      1,996,332           1,965,169
            Healthcare and digital services business                                           670,196            337,015


                                                                                            20,577,616         15,518,468


            Given that digital infrastructure business provided medical and healthcare services and retail terminals more
            broadly during the year ended March 31, 2022, the medical and healthcare services business and digital
            infrastructure business were integrated into the healthcare and digital services business to better reflect the
            Group’s business classification. Breakdown of revenue for the year ended March 31, 2021 has been restated.
                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   141




                                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                               March 31, 2022

5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (CONTINUED)

     (i)   Disaggregated revenue information

                                                                                                   2022                   2021
                                                                                             RMB’000                 RMB’000


           Type of goods or services:
              Sale of products                                                              17,128,890            12,535,890
              Provision of services                                                          3,448,726              2,982,578


                                                                                            20,577,616            15,518,468


           Timing of revenue recognition:
              At a point in time                                                            19,263,318            14,704,729
              Over time                                                                      1,314,298                813,739


                                                                                            20,577,616            15,518,468


           The following table shows the amounts of revenue recognized in the reporting period that were included
           in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period:

                                                                                                   2022                   2021
                                                                                             RMB’000                 RMB’000


           Sale of products                                                                       3,815                  4,400
           Provision of services                                                               182,703                140,055


                                                                                               186,518                144,455
142   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      5.    REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (CONTINUED)

            (ii)   Performance obligations

                   Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarized below:

                   Sale of products

                   The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of the pharmaceutical and healthcare products. For
                   B2C pharmacy sales, payment is received from the payment platform, i.e. Alipay.com Co., Ltd. (支付寶
                   （中國） 網絡技術有限公司) (“Alipay”), when the receipt of goods is confirmed by customers or by the
                   payment platform automatically within a pre-specified period of time after delivery. For B2B pharmacy
                   sales, payment is generally due within 30 to 90 days, except for new customers, where payment in
                   advance is normally required. Some contracts provide customers with a right of return which gives rise to
                   variable consideration subject to constraint.

                   Provision of services

                   The performance obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time as marketing services, outsourced
                   and value-added services, E-commerce platform services and healthcare and digital services are rendered
                   to Tmall Entities. Payment is generally received upon the completion of the underlying transactions, prior
                   to the provision of services on a full prepayment basis, or due within 30 to 90 days.

                   The transaction prices allocated to the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied or partially
                   unsatisfied) as at March 31 are as follows:

                                                                                                    2022               2021
                                                                                               RMB’000             RMB’000


                   Within one year                                                               640,842            366,996
                                                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report       143




                                                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                           March 31, 2022

5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                               2022                   2021
                                                                                                         RMB’000                 RMB’000


     Other income
         Bank interest income                                                                              209,664                 164,704
         Government grants     #
                                                                                                            75,637                  52,270
         Rental income from investment property operating leases                                                —                     7,320
         Management fee income                                                                              20,674                    9,041
         Dividend income                                                                                      3,741                   1,363
         Other interest income (note 20)                                                                        174                     711
         Technical services income                                                                            4,000                      —
         Others                                                                                               2,307                     515


                                                                                                           316,197                 235,924


     Gains
         Gain on disposal of a subsidiary (note 32)                                                               —                 70,608
         Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                         162,062                  55,290
         Foreign exchange difference, net                                                                   39,701                  32,418
         Gain on disposal of property and equipment                                                             142                     —
         Gain on deemed disposal of interests in associates                                                381,392                  11,588


                                                                                                           583,297                 169,904


                                                                                                           899,494                 405,828


     #
            Government grants mainly represented incentives received in certain regions in Mainland China in which the Company’s subsidiaries
            operate.
144   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      6.    PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAX

            The Group’s profit/(loss) before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                                                           2022                    2021
                                                                                                Notes                 RMB’000                 RMB’000


            Cost of goods sold*                                                                                      14,645,711            10,262,605
            Cost of services provided*
                 (excluding employee benefit expenses)                                                                1,723,443              1,576,165
            Depreciation of property and equipment                                                12                      9,978                    6,102
            Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                  13(a)                  38,693                   24,960
            Depreciation of investment property                                                                             —                      6,551
            Amortization of intangible assets                                                     15                    11,905                     2,013
            Lease payments not included in the measurement of
                 lease liabilities                                                               13(c)                      878                         317
            Impairment losses on financial assets**
                 Impairment/(reversal of impairment) of trade receivables                         19                        132                     (320)
                 Impairment of other receivables                                                  20                         —                     4,904


                                                                                                                            132                    4,584


            Provision for inventories*                                                                                  48,328                   32,475
            Impairment of investment of a joint venture**                                         16                      1,357                    1,143
            Fair value loss on contingent consideration included in other
                 payables and accruals**                                                                                  2,782                          —
            Loss/(gain) on disposal of property and equipment**                                                            (142)                         75
            Auditor’s remuneration                                                                                        3,470                    3,000
            Employee benefit expense (including directors’ and chief
                 executive’s remuneration)
                 Wages and salaries                                                                                    677,005                 371,533
                 Bonuses                                                                                               166,970                 140,736
                 Pension scheme contributions         #
                                                                                                                        51,171                   25,443
                 Share-based compensation expenses                                                29                   408,098                 396,959


                                                                                                                      1,303,244                934,671


            *       These items are included in “Cost of revenue” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


            **      These items are included in “Other expenses and losses” or “Other income and gains” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


            #
                    There are no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group as the employer to reduce the existing level of contributions.
                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   145




                                                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                             March 31, 2022

7.   DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION

     Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Rules Governing the
     Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”), section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong
     Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of
     Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

                                                                                              2022                    2021
                                                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000


     Fees                                                                                       1,197                  1,153


     Other emoluments:
       Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                4,645                  4,050
       Performance related bonuses                                                              4,550                  2,087
       Share-based compensation expenses                                                       16,901                 19,145
       Pension scheme contributions                                                               143                    166


                                                                                               26,239                 25,448


                                                                                               27,436                 26,601


     During the year ended March 31, 2022, three directors (2021: three) of the Company were granted share options
     and RSUs, in respect of their services to the Group, under the share award scheme of the Company, further
     details of which are set out in note 29 to the financial statements. The fair values of such options and RSUs,
     which have been recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss over the vesting period, were
     determined as at the date of grant and the amounts included in the financial statements for the current and
     prior years are included in the above directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration disclosures.

     (a)    Independent non-executive directors

            The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:

                                                                                              2022                    2021
                                                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000


            Mr. Wong King On, Samuel                                                               575                   553
            Mr. Luo Tong                                                                           311                   300
            Ms. Huang Yi Fei                                                                       311                   300


                                                                                                1,197                  1,153


            There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors during the year
            (2021: Nil).
146   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      7.    DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (CONTINUED)

            (b)    Executive directors and non-executive directors

                                                                     Salaries,
                                                                   allowances      Performance     Share-based        Pension
                                                                  and benefits          related   compensation        scheme            Total
                                                         Fees            in kind      bonuses        expenses    contributions   remuneration
                                                     RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


                   2022


                   Executive directors:
                   Mr. Zhu Shun Yan#                        —             2,148          3,168          11,203             53          16,572
                   Mr. Shen Difan                           —             1,453            915           4,019             32           6,419
                   Mr. Tu Yanwu                             —             1,044            467           1,679             58           3,248


                                                            —             4,645          4,550          16,901            143          26,239


                   Non-executive directors:
                   Mr. Li Fa Guang                          —                —              —               —              —               —
                   Mr. Wu Yongming                          —                —              —               —              —               —
                   Mr. Xu Hong                              —                —              —               —              —               —


                                                            —                —              —               —              —               —
                                                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   147




                                                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                         March 31, 2022

7.   DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (CONTINUED)

     (b)   Executive directors and non-executive directors (continued)

                                                                   Salaries,
                                                                allowances     Performance      Share-based        Pension
                                                               and benefits          related   compensation        scheme            Total
                                                    Fees            in kind        bonuses         expenses   contributions   remuneration
                                                 RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000


           2021

           Executive directors:
           Mr. Zhu Shun Yan#                            —             2,096             940           9,123             44         12,203
           Mr. Wang Qiang                               —               816             816           3,625             25          5,282
           Mr. Tu Yanwu                                 —             1,072             331           2,632             51          4,086


                                                        —             3,984           2,087          15,380            120         21,571


           Non-executive directors:
           Mr. Wu Yongming                              —                 —              —               —              —              —
           Mr. Wang Lei                                 —                 66             —            3,765             46          3,877
           Mr. Xu Hong                                  —                 —              —               —              —              —


                                                        —                 66             —            3,765             46          3,877


                                                        —             4,050           2,087          19,145            166         25,448


           #
                  Mr. Zhu Shun Yan is the chief executive of the Group.


           On October 23, 2020, Mr. Wang Qiang resigned as an executive director and Mr. Wang Lei resigned as
           a non-executive director of the Company, and on the same date, Mr. Tu Yanwu was appointed as an
           executive director of the Company.

           On October 13, 2021, Mr. Xu Hong and Mr. Wu Yongming resigned as non-executive directors of the
           Company, and on the same date, Mr. Li Fa Guang was appointed as a non-executive director of the
           Company and Mr. Shen Difan was appointed as an executive director of the Company.

           During the year ended March 31, 2022, there was no arrangement under which a director waived or
           agreed to waive any remuneration and no remuneration was paid by the Group to a director or any of
           the five highest paid employees as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation
           for loss of office.
148   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      8.    FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

            The five highest paid employees during the year included three (2021: one) director, details of whose
            remuneration are set out in note 7 above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining two (2021:
            four) non-director, highest paid employees who are neither a director nor chief executive of the Company are
            as follows:

                                                                                                 2022                2021
                                                                                              RMB’000             RMB’000


            Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                             5,094               4,244
            Performance related bonuses                                                           2,324               2,076
            Share-based compensation expenses                                                    10,948              16,698
            Pension scheme contributions                                                            174                 170


                                                                                                 18,540              23,188


            The number of non-director, highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the following bands is as
            follows:

                                                                                              Number of employees


            HK$4,000,001 to HK$4,500,000                                                              1                  —
            HK$5,500,001 to HK$6,000,000                                                              —                   1
            HK$6,000,001 to HK$6,500,000                                                              —                   1
            HK$6,500,001 to HK$7,000,000                                                              1                   1
            HK$8,500,001 to HK$9,000,000                                                              —                   1


                                                                                                       2                  4


            During the years ended March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021, share options and RSUs were granted to
            non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees in respect of their services to the Group, further
            details of which are included in the disclosures in note 29 to the financial statements. The fair values of such
            options and RSUs, which have been recognized in the statement of profit or loss over the vesting period, were
            determined as at the date of grant and the amounts included in the financial statements for the current and
            prior years are included in the above non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees’
            remuneration disclosures.
                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   149




                                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                               March 31, 2022

9.   INCOME TAX

                                                                                                2022                    2021
                                                                                             RMB’000                 RMB’000


     Current — Hong Kong
        Charge for the year                                                                          118                   870
        Underprovision in prior years                                                                 —                  1,353
     Current — Mainland China
        Charge for the year                                                                      34,406                 37,188
        Overprovision in prior years                                                                 —                      (96)
     Deferred (note 27)                                                                         (21,097)                19,224


     Total tax charge for the year                                                               13,427                 58,539


     Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2021: 16.5%) on the estimated assessable
     profits arising in Hong Kong during the year.

     In Mainland China, the companies are subject to the PRC corporate income tax rate of 25%, except for two
     (2021: two) PRC subsidiaries which are entitled to a preferential tax rate of 15%.

     No tax attributable to joint ventures was included in “Share of profits or losses of joint ventures” in the
     consolidated statement of profit or loss (2021: Nil).

     The share of tax charge attributable to associates of approximately RMB5,590,000 (2021: RMB3,001,000) is
     included in “Share of profits or losses of associates” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

     A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit/(loss) before tax at the statutory rate for the jurisdictions
     in which the Company and the majority of its subsidiaries are domiciled to the tax expense at the effective tax
     rate, and a reconciliation of the applicable rate (i.e., the statutory tax rate) to the effective tax rate, are as
     follows:
150   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      9.    INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)

            2022

                                                               Hong Kong              Mainland China              Total
                                                           RMB’000           %      RMB’000          %     RMB’000             %


            Loss before tax                                 (101,510)               (151,004)              (252,514)


            Tax at the statutory tax rate                    (16,749)      16.5      (37,751)     25.0      (54,500)         21.6
            Effect of preferential tax treatment
                enacted by local authority                         —          —      (33,613)     22.3      (33,613)         13.3
            Non-deductible expenses and non-
                taxable income, net                            9,414        (9.3)    (21,556)     14.3      (12,142)           4.8
            Research and development
                super deduction                                    —          —      (29,511)     19.5      (29,511)         11.7
            Tax losses utilized from previous periods              —          —      (20,783)     13.8      (20,783)           8.2
            Tax losses and deductible temporary
               differences not recognized                      6,751        (6.7)    152,501     (101.0)    159,252          (63.1)
            Withholding tax in the PRC                         4,724        (4.7)         —          —        4,724           (1.9)


            Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate           4,140        (4.1)      9,287       (6.2)     13,427           (5.3)



            2021

                                                               Hong Kong              Mainland China                 Total
                                                           RMB’000            %     RMB’000          %     RMB’000              %


            Profit before tax                                188,371                 212,848                401,219


            Tax at the statutory tax rate                     31,081       16.5       53,212      25.0       84,293          21.0
            Effect of preferential tax treatment
                enacted by local authority                         —          —      (21,788)     (10.2)    (21,788)          (5.5)
            Non-deductible expenses and non-
                taxable income, net                          (29,842)      (15.8)   (125,052)     (58.8)   (154,894)         (38.6)
            Research and development
                super deduction                                    —          —      (32,875)     (15.4)    (32,875)          (8.2)
            Underprovision/(overprovision) of tax
                in prior years                                 1,353         0.7          (96)       —        1,257            0.3
            Tax losses utilized from previous periods             —           —       (8,368)      (3.9)     (8,368)          (2.1)
            Tax losses and deductible temporary
                differences not recognized                     1,865         1.0     178,206      83.7      180,071          44.9
            Withholding tax in the PRC                        10,843         5.8          —         —        10,843           2.7


            Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate          15,300         8.2      43,239      20.4       58,539          14.5
                                                                  ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   151




                                                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                 March 31, 2022

10.   EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT

      The calculation of the basic loss per share (2021: earnings per share) amount is based on the loss for the year
      attributable to owners of the parent of RMB265,555,000 (2021: profit of RMB348,588,000), and the weighted
      average number of ordinary shares of 13,482,634,084 in issue during the year (2021: 13,245,718,572).

      No adjustment has been made to the basic loss per share amount presented for the year ended March 31,
      2022 in respect of a dilution as the impact of share options and RSUs outstanding had an anti-dilutive effect
      on the basic loss per share amount presented.

      The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amount for the year ended March 31, 2021 is based on the
      profit for the year ended March 31, 2021 attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent. The weighted
      average number of ordinary shares used in the calculation is the number of ordinary shares in issue during the
      year ended March 31, 2021, as used in the basic earnings per share calculation, and the weighted average
      number of ordinary shares assumed to have been issued at no consideration on the deemed exercise of all
      dilutive potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares.

      The calculations of basic and diluted earnings/(loss) per share are based on:

                                                                                                  2022                    2021
                                                                                               RMB’000                 RMB’000


      Earnings/(loss)
      Profit/(loss) attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent,
         used in the basic earnings/(loss) per share calculation                                 (265,555)              348,588


                                                                                                  Number of shares
                                                                                                     2022                   2021


      Shares
      Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the year
         used in the basic earnings/(loss) per share calculation                         13,482,634,084        13,245,718,572


      Effect of dilution — weighted average number of ordinary shares:
         Share options                                                                                  —           13,098,726
         Restricted share units                                                                         —           67,707,377


                                                                                         13,482,634,084        13,326,524,675


11.   DIVIDENDS

      The board does not recommend the payment of dividend for the year ended March 31, 2022 (2021: Nil).
152   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      12.   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                                        Computer
                                                                                      equipment,
                                                                     Leasehold       furniture and
                                                                improvements              fixtures    Motor vehicles       Total
                                                                         RMB’000        RMB’000            RMB’000      RMB’000


            March 31, 2022


            At March 31, 2021 and at April 1, 2021:
            Cost                                                           16,105          78,275               307       94,687
            Accumulated depreciation                                      (10,940)         (70,015)             (304)    (81,259)


            Net carrying amount                                             5,165           8,260                  3      13,428


            At April 1, 2021, net of accumulated
                depreciation                                                5,165           8,260                  3      13,428
            Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 31)                           1,482           2,028                 —        3,510
            Additions                                                       7,756           7,174                 —       14,930
            Disposals                                                          —            (1,714)               —       (1,714)
            Depreciation provided
                during the year (note 6)                                   (4,400)          (5,575)               (3)     (9,978)


            At March 31, 2022,
                net of accumulated depreciation                            10,003          10,173                 —       20,176


            At March 31, 2022:
            Cost                                                           25,343          74,493               307      100,143
            Accumulated depreciation                                      (15,340)         (64,320)             (307)    (79,967)


            Net carrying amount                                            10,003          10,173                 —       20,176
                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   153




                                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                March 31, 2022

12.   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)

                                                                             Computer
                                                                           equipment,
                                                          Leasehold       furniture and
                                                       improvements            fixtures     Motor vehicles               Total
                                                          RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000            RMB’000


      March 31, 2021


      At March 31, 2020 and at April 1, 2020:
      Cost                                                   15,056            74,810                  307             90,173
      Accumulated depreciation                               (9,595)           (67,319)               (260)            (77,174)


      Net carrying amount                                     5,461              7,491                  47             12,999


      At April 1, 2020, net of accumulated
         depreciation                                         5,461              7,491                  47             12,999
      Additions                                              10,671              6,406                  —              17,077
      Disposals                                                (739)              (158)                 —                 (897)
      Disposal of a subsidiary (note 32)                     (8,358)            (1,291)                 —               (9,649)
      Depreciation provided during the year (note 6)         (1,870)            (4,188)                (44)             (6,102)


      At March 31, 2021,
         net of accumulated depreciation                      5,165              8,260                   3             13,428


      At March 31, 2021:
      Cost                                                   16,105            78,275                  307             94,687
      Accumulated depreciation                              (10,940)           (70,015)               (304)            (81,259)


      Net carrying amount                                     5,165              8,260                   3             13,428
154   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      13.   LEASES

            The Group as a lessee

            The Group leases certain of its retail outlets, offices, staff dormitories and warehouse under operating lease
            arrangements, which are negotiated for terms ranging from one year to ten years.

            (a)    Right-of-use assets

                   The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets and the movements during the year are as
                   follows:

                                                                                                              Buildings
                                                                                               Note           RMB’000


                   As at April 1, 2020                                                                           59,333
                   Additions                                                                                      2,974
                   Transfer                                                                                       4,048
                   Depreciation charge                                                                          (24,960)
                   Revision of a lease term arising from a change in the non-cancellable
                       period of a lease                                                                         (2,534)


                   As at March 31, 2021 and April 1, 2021                                                        38,861
                   Additions                                                                                    136,195
                   Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                 31                 8,567
                   Depreciation charge                                                                          (38,693)


                   As at March 31, 2022                                                                         144,930
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   155




                                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                              March 31, 2022

13.   LEASES (CONTINUED)

      The Group as a lessee (continued)

      (b)   Lease liabilities

            The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                  2022                   2021
                                                                         Notes              RMB’000                 RMB’000


            Carrying amount at April 1                                                          37,740                 69,755
            New leases                                                                        136,195                   2,974
            Acquisition of subsidiaries                                    31                    8,567                     —
            Accretion of interest recognized during the year                                     3,815                  2,449
            Covid-19-related rent concessions from lessors                                          (76)                 (189)
            Payments                                                                           (50,827)               (34,065)
            Revision of a lease term arising from a change
               in the non-cancellable period of a lease                                              —                 (3,184)


            Carrying amount at March 31                                                       135,414                  37,740


            Analyzed into:
               Current portion                                                                  50,656                 20,334
               Non-current portion                                                              84,758                 17,406
156   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      13.   LEASES (CONTINUED)

            The Group as a lessee (continued)

            (b)    Lease liabilities (continued)

                   The maturity analysis of lease liabilities：

                                                                                                   2022               2021
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


                   Within one year                                                                   50,656           20,334
                   In the second year                                                                43,820            8,498
                   In the third to fifth years, inclusive                                            39,465            8,334
                   Beyond five years                                                                  1,473              574


                                                                                                    135,414           37,740


                   The Group has applied the practical expedient to all eligible rent concessions granted by the lessor for
                   lease of certain retail outlet during the year.

            (c)    The amounts recognized in profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

                                                                                                   2022               2021
                                                                                                RMB’000            RMB’000


                   Interest on lease liabilities                                                      3,815            2,449
                   Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                        38,693           24,960
                   Expense relating to short-term leases                                               878               317
                   Covid-19-related rent concessions from lessors                                       (76)            (189)


                   Total amount recognized in profit or loss                                         43,310           27,537


            The Group as a lessor

            The Group leases its investment properties under operating lease arrangements. The terms of the leases
            generally require the tenants to pay security deposits and provide for periodic rent adjustments according to the
            then prevailing market conditions. No rental income was recognized by the Group during the year (2021:
            RMB7,320,000), details of which are included in note 5 to the financial statements.
                                                             ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   157




                                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                            March 31, 2022

14.   GOODWILL

                                                                                             2022                    2021
                                                                                          RMB’000                 RMB’000


      Goodwill at April 1                                                                     54,576                 54,576
      Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 31)                                                 756,277                      —


      Goodwill at March 31                                                                  810,853                  54,576


      There was no accumulated impairment of goodwill at March 31, 2022 (2021: Nil).

      Impairment testing of goodwill

      Goodwill acquired through business combinations is allocated to the following CGUs for impairment testing:

      •     B2C and related business in the PRC;

      •     B2B business in the PRC; and

      •     Healthcare and digital services business.

      PRC B2C and related business CGU

      The recoverable amount of this CGU has been determined based on a value in use calculation using cash flow
      projections based on financial budgets covering a five-year period. The discount rate applied to the cash flow
      projections is 15% (2021: 15%). The growth rate used to extrapolate the cash flows beyond the five-year
      period is 3% (2021: 3%), which approximates the long term average growth rate of the retailing industry of
      healthcare products in the PRC.

      PRC B2B business CGU

      The recoverable amount of this CGU was determined based on a value in use calculation using cash flow
      projections based on financial budgets covering a five-year period. The discount rate applied to the cash flow
      projections is 20% (2021: 20%). The growth rate used to extrapolate the cash flows beyond the five-year
      period is 3% (2021: 3%), which approximates the long term average growth rate of the healthcare products
      centralized procurement and distribution industry.
158   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      14.   GOODWILL (CONTINUED)

            Impairment testing of goodwill (continued)

            Healthcare and digital services related business CGU

            The recoverable amount of this CGU was determined based on a value in use calculation using cash flow
            projections based on financial budgets covering a nine-year period. The discount rate applied to the cash flow
            projections is 15%. The growth rate used to extrapolate the cash flows beyond the nine-year period is 3%,
            which approximates the long term average growth rate of the healthcare products centralized procurement and
            distribution industry.

            The carrying amount of goodwill allocated to each of the CGUs is as follows:

                                                                                                  2022                 2021
                                                                                               RMB’000              RMB’000


            PRC B2C and related business CGU                                                      51,019              49,060
            PRC B2B business CGU                                                                    5,516               5,516
            Healthcare and digital services related business CGU                                 754,318                   —


            Carrying amount of goodwill at March 31                                              810,853              54,576


            Assumptions were used in the value in use calculation of the PRC B2C and related business CGU, PRC B2B
            business CGU and healthcare and digital services related business CGU. The following describes each key
            assumption on which management has based its cash flow projections to undertake impairment testing of
            goodwill:

            Expected revenue growth rates — The expected revenue growth rates are following the business plan
            approved by the Group. Management leveraged their experiences in the industries and provided forecast based
            on past performance and their anticipation of future business and market developments.

            Budgeted gross margins — The basis used to determine the value assigned to the budgeted gross margins is
            the average gross margins achieved in the year immediately before the budget year, increased for expected
            efficiency improvements, and expected market development.

            Discount rates — The discount rates used are after tax and reflect specific risks relating to the relevant units.

            Growth rates — The growth rates used to extrapolate the cash flows beyond the five-year period are based on
            the estimated growth rate of each unit taking into account the industry growth rate, past experience and the
            medium or long term growth target of each CGU.
                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   159




                                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                             March 31, 2022

15.   OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                    Patents
                                              and licences           Brand name                      Total
      March 31, 2022                               RMB’000               RMB’000                RMB’000


      Cost at 1 April 2021,
         net of accumulated amortization               2,935                      —                  2,935
      Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 31)               —                335,000                335,000
      Additions                                           185                   —                      185
      Amortization charge                              (2,134)               (9,771)              (11,905)


      At 31 March 2022                                    986              325,229                326,215


      At 31 March 2022:
      Cost                                             6,610               335,000                341,610
      Accumulated amortization                         (5,624)               (9,771)              (15,395)


      Net carrying amount                                 986              325,229                326,215



      March 31, 2021                               RMB’000                RMB’000               RMB’000


      Cost at 1 April 2020,
         net of accumulated amortization               4,467                      —                  4,467
      Additions                                           481                     —                    481
      Amortization charge                              (2,013)                    —                 (2,013)


      At 31 March 2021                                 2,935                      —                  2,935


      At 31 March 2021:
      Cost                                             6,425                      —                  6,425
      Accumulated amortization                         (3,490)                    —                 (3,490)


      Net carrying amount                              2,935                      —                  2,935
160   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      16.   INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES

                                                                                                                                2022                        2021
                                                                                                                             RMB’000                     RMB’000


            Share of net assets                                                                                                   160,660                     99,691
            Impairment                                                                                                                 —                       (1,143)


                                                                                                                                  160,660                     98,548
            Loans to a joint venture                                                                                                2,500                         —
            Impairment                                                                                                              (2,500)                          —


                                                                                                                                  160,660                     98,548


            The Group’s short-term advances received from a joint venture are disclosed in note 25 to the financial
            statements.

            Particulars of the Group’s joint ventures are as follows:

                                                                                                                    Percentage of
                                                            Particulars of     Place of registration   Ownership         Voting         Profit
            Name                                             capital held             and business       interest        power        sharing       Principal activities


            浙江扁鵲健康科技數據技術有限公司                           Registered capital of    PRC/Mainland China            45            45             45        Health related data
              (Zhejiang Bian Que Health Data                    RMB1 each                                                                                        services
              Technology Company Limited @)*
              (“Zhejiang Bian Que”)
            江蘇紫金弘雲健康產業投資合夥企業                           Registered capital of    PRC/Mainland China         13.724        13.724        13.724    Investment management
             （有限合夥）(Jiangsu Zijin                               RMB1 each
              Hongyun Health Industry
              investment Partnership (Limited
              Partnership) @)* (“Jiangsu Zijin”)


            The statutory financial statements of the above joint ventures were not audited by Ernst & Young, Hong Kong
            or another member firm of the Ernst & Young global network.

            @
                    For identification purposes only


            *       Zhejiang Bian Que and Jiangsu Zijin have a financial year ending December 31, and their financial statements for March 31 may not be
                    available in a timely manner for the Group to apply the equity method, and therefore the Group elects to record its shares of the
                    profits or losses of Zhejiang Bian Que and Jiangsu Zijin on a quarterly lag basis. Accordingly, the Group elects to equity account for
                    these joint ventures in the Group’s consolidated financial statements using their annual financial statements for the year ended
                    December 31, 2021 for the current year (2021: year ended December 31, 2020).
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   161




                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                              March 31, 2022

16.   INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES (CONTINUED)

      The above joint ventures are indirectly held by the Company.

      The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s joint ventures that are not
      individually material:

                                                                                               2022                    2021
                                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000


      Share of the joint ventures’ profit/(loss) and total comprehensive income/
         (loss) for the year                                                                     1,269                (11,556)
      Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments
         in the joint ventures                                                                160,660                  98,548


17.   INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES

                                                                                               2022                    2021
                                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000


      Share of net assets                                                                     996,598                832,826
      Goodwill on acquisition                                                               1,344,216              1,341,112


      Total                                                                                 2,340,814              2,173,938
162   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      17.   INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)

            Particulars of the Group’s associates are as follows:

                                                                                                          Percentage of
                                                                                                              ownership
                                                                                                                  interest
                                                               Particulars of     Place of registration      attributable
            Name                                                capital held             and business      to the Group                  Principal activities


            東方口岸科技有限公司 (Dongfang Customs                  Registered capital of    PRC/Mainland China                  30          Operation of platforms for
              Technology Company Limited)@                         RMB1 each                                                  electronic customs processing
              (“Dongfang Customs”)

            萬里雲醫療信息科技（北京）有限公司                             Registered capital of    PRC/Mainland China               23.28            Construction of medical
              (Wanliyun Medical Information                        RMB1 each                                                      platforms and provision of
              Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.)@#                                                                                              related services
              (“Wanliyun”)

            A company engaging in the medical               Ordinary shares of     PRC/Mainland China                 9.5    Provision of medical self-service
               business@^# (“Company A”) (note i)                 RMB1 each                                                  equipment and smart healthcare
                                                                                                                                                    solutions

            嘉和美康（北京）科技股份有限公司 (Jiahe                         Ordinary shares of     PRC/Mainland China               10.91    Provision of clinical information
              Meikang (Beijing) Technology Co.,                   RMB1 each                                                        software products, infant
              Ltd.)@^# (“Jiahe Meikang”)(note ii)                                                                            medical equipment and mobile
                                                                                                                                 internet digitalised medical
                                                                                                                              information software systems

            江蘇曼荼羅軟件股份有限公司 (Jiangsu                          Ordinary shares of     PRC/Mainland China             11.278                Provision of software
              Mandalat Software Company Limited)@^#               RMB1 each                                                                      development
              (“Mandalat”) (note iii)

            安徽華人健康醫藥股份有限公司 (Anhui                           Ordinary shares of     PRC/Mainland China               8.838         Pharmaceutical retail chain
              Huaren Health Pharmaceutical Co.,                   RMB1 each                                                                        business
              Ltd.)@^# (“Anhui Huaren”) (note iv)

            漱玉平民大藥房連鎖股份有限公司 (Shuyu                          Ordinary shares of     PRC/Mainland China                8.41         Pharmaceutical retail chain
              Civilian Pharmacy Corp., Ltd.)@^# (“Shuyu           RMB1 each                                                                        business
              Civilian”) (note v)

            甘肅德生堂醫藥科技集團有限公司 (Gansu                        Registered capital of    PRC/Mainland China                   5         Pharmaceutical retail chain
              Deshengtang Pharmaceutical Technology                RMB1 each                                                                       business
              Co., Ltd)@^# (“Gansu Deshengtang”)

            來未來科技（浙江）有限公司(Laiweilai                       Registered capital of    PRC/Mainland China                  26         Construction of intelligent
              Technology (Zhejiang) Co., Ltd)@#                    RMB1 each                                                      medical platform business
              (“Laiweilai”) (note vi)

            貴州一樹連鎖藥業股份有限公司 (Guizhou                         Ordinary shares of     PRC/Mainland China                24.5         Pharmaceutical retail chain
              Ensure Chain Pharmacy Company                       RMB1 each                                                                        business
              Limited)@# (“Guizhou Ensure”) (note vii)
                                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report           163




                                                                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                                     March 31, 2022

17.   INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)

      @
             For identification purposes only


             The statutory financial statements of the above associates were not audited by Ernst & Young, Hong Kong or another member firm of
             the Ernst & Young global network.


      ^
             The investments in these companies are accounted for as associates of the Group because the Group is in a position to exercise
             significant influence. The Group has at least one director at each board of directors and/or has veto rights regarding certain significant
             financial and operating decisions in board meetings and/or shareholders’ meetings of these associates.


      #
             The associates have a financial year ending December 31 and the financial statements for March 31 of these associates may not be
             available in a timely manner for the Group to apply the equity method, and therefore the Group elects to record its shares of the
             profits or losses of these associates on a quarterly lag basis. Accordingly, the Group elects to equity account for these associates in
             the Group’s consolidated financial statements using their annual financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2021 for the
             current year (2021: year ended December 31, 2020).


      The above investments are indirectly held by the Company.

      Note i: The equity interest in Company A held by the Group was diluted to 9.5% during the year ended March 31, 2021 as a result of capital
             injection in Company A by new investors.


      Note ii: The equity interest in Jiahe Meikang held by the Group was diluted to 10.91% during the year ended March 31, 2022 as a result of the
             initial public offering of Jiahe Meikang.


      Note iii: The equity interest in Mandalat held by the Group was diluted to 11.278% during the year ended March 31, 2021 as a result of capital
             injection in Mandalat by new investors.


      Note iv: The equity interest in Anhui Huaren held by the Group was diluted to 8.838% during the year ended March 31, 2021 as a result of
             capital injection in Anhui Huaren by new investors.


      Note v: On December 16, 2021, the Group appointed a representative as director of ShuYu Civilian. In the opinion of the directors, notwithstanding
             that the Group has only 8.41% equity interest in ShuYu Civilian, the Group has been able to exercise significant influence over ShuYu
             Civilian since December 16, 2021. The investment in ShuYu Civilian was therefore reclassified from financial assets at fair value through
             profit or loss to an investment in an associate. As shares of ShuYu Civilian are listed on the ChiNext Market of the Shenzhen Stock
             Exchange, the Group applied a fair value as deemed cost approach and accounted for Shuyu Civilian’s initial investment cost as an
             associate, based on its quoted price and discount for lack of marketability (“DLOM”) of 8%, amounting to approximately
             RMB871,003,000 as at the deemed acquisition date.


      Note vi: During the year ended March 31, 2021, the Group, through two of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, acquired 30% equity interests of
             Laiweilai, a company established in the PRC with limited liability, with consideration of RMB216,000,000 in cash and an 80% equity
             interest in Seenew Medical Technology (Zhejiang) Co., Ltd. (“熙牛醫療科技（浙江）有限公司”) (“Seenew Medical”), which are fully paid
             as of March 31, 2021.


             The equity interest in Laiweilai held by the Group was diluted to 26% during the year ended March 31, 2022 as a result of capital
             injection in Laiweilai by new investors.
164   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      17.   INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)

            Note vii: The equity interest in Guizhou Ensure held by the Group was diluted to 24.5% during the period ended December 16, 2021 as a result
                   of capital injection in Guizhou Ensure by new investors.


                   On August 31, 2021 and December 16, 2021, the directors nominated by the Group resigned from the board of directors of Guizhou
                   Ensure. In the opinion of the directors, notwithstanding that the Group has a 24.5% equity interest in Guizhou Ensure, the Group no
                   longer has significant influence over Guizhou Ensure because no director has been nominated by the Group in the board of directors of
                   Guizhou Ensure since December 16, 2021. Accordingly, the investment in Guizhou Ensure was reclassified from an investment in an
                   associate to financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.


            The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s associates that are not
            individually material:

                                                                                                                         2022                    2021
                                                                                                                   RMB’000                  RMB’000


            Share of the associates’ loss for the year                                                                46,889                   26,857
            Share of the associates’ total comprehensive loss for the year                                            46,872                   26,857
            Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in the associates                                2,340,814                2,173,938


      18.   INVENTORIES

                                                                                                                      2022                     2021
                                                                                                                   RMB’000                  RMB’000


            Trading goods                                                                                         1,550,150                1,468,609


      19.   TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES

                                                                                                                      2022                     2021
                                                                                                                   RMB’000                  RMB’000


            Trade receivables                                                                                        528,420                 326,766
            Impairment                                                                                                (26,720)                (26,588)


                                                                                                                     501,700                 300,178
            Bills receivable                                                                                          14,285                   13,437


                                                                                                                     515,985                 313,615
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   165




                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                              March 31, 2022

19.   TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

      The Group’s trading terms with some of its customers are on credit. The Group provides a credit period of 30
      days to 90 days. Trade receivables are settled in accordance with the terms of the respective contracts. The
      Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly
      by senior management. In the view of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s trade receivables relate
      to a large number of diversified customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk. The Group does
      not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade receivable balances. Trade receivables are
      non-interest-bearing.

      Included in the Group’s trade and bills receivables are amounts due from subsidiaries of Alibaba Group of
      approximately RMB62,165,000 (2021: RMB53,161,000) and the Group’s associates of approximately
      RMB77,000 (2021: RMB91,000), which are repayable on credit terms similar to those offered to major
      customers of the Group.

      An aging analysis of the trade receivables net of impairment as at the end of the reporting period, based on
      the invoice date and net of provisions, is as follows:

                                                                                               2022                    2021
                                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000


      Within 3 months                                                                         398,206                177,677
      3 to 12 months                                                                          101,519                122,501
      12 to 24 months                                                                            1,975                    —


                                                                                              501,700                300,178


      The movements in the provision for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                               2022                    2021
                                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000


      At April 1                                                                                26,588                 26,908
      Impairment/(reversal of impairment) (note 6)                                                  132                  (320)


      At March 31                                                                               26,720                 26,588


      An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure expected
      credit losses. The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments with
      similar loss patterns (i.e., by customer type). The calculation reflects the time value of money and reasonable
      and supportable information that is available at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and
      forecasts of future economic conditions.
166   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      19.   TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

            Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables using a
            provision matrix:

            As at March 31, 2022

                                                                                             Aging
                                                                    Less than
                                                                          1 year   1 to 2 years   Over 2 years        Total


            Expected credit loss rate                                     0.02%          2.71%        100.00%        5.06%
            Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)                              499,820         2,030          26,570     528,420
            Expected credit losses (RMB’000)                                 95             55          26,570       26,720


            As at March 31, 2021

                                                                                              Aging
                                                                     Less than
                                                                          1 year   1 to 2 years   Over 2 years         Total


            Expected credit loss rate                                     0.01%          0.00%        100.00%        8.14%
            Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)                              300,196             —          26,570     326,766
            Expected credit losses (RMB’000)                                 18              —          26,570       26,588


            Bills receivable are subject to impairment using the low credit risk simplification under the general approach. At
            each reporting date, the Group evaluates whether the bills receivable are considered to have low credit risk
            using all reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort. In making that
            evaluation, the Group reassesses the credit ratings of the debt investments. The Group did not recognize any
            impairment loss on bills receivable as at March 31, 2021 and 2022.
                                                                             ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report        167




                                                                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                                March 31, 2022

20.   PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS

                                                                                                                2022                     2021
                                                                                                             RMB’000                  RMB’000


      Current:
      Prepayments                                                                                              306,922                 310,423
      Loan to a third party (note i)                                                                                —                    13,900
      Other receivables and other assets                                                                       564,713                 452,153


                                                                                                               871,635                 776,476
      Impairment                                                                                                 (6,760)                  (6,760)


                                                                                                               864,875                 769,716


      Non-current:
      Long-term receivables                                                                                     13,030                    9,524


                                                                                                               877,905                 779,240


      Note i: Included in the loan to a third party as at March 31, 2021 was a loan to a shareholder of Beijing Honglian 95 Information Industries
             Company Limited (北京鴻聯九五信息產業有限公司) (“HL95”), which is secured by a pledge of 25% of HL95’s equity and bore interest
             at a rate of 3% per annum. The loan has been fully repaid in September 2021. An interest income of RMB174,000 was earned by the
             Group from this loan during the year ended March 31, 2022 (2021: RMB711,000).


      The movements in provision for impairment of other receivables during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                                2022                     2021
                                                                                                             RMB’000                  RMB’000


      At April 1, 2021                                                                                            6,760                   1,856
      Impairment                                                                                                     —                    4,904


      At March 31, 2022                                                                                           6,760                   6,760


      The individually impaired other receivables of RMB6,760,000 (2021: RMB6,760,000) relate to debtors that were
      in default and the outstanding receivables are not expected to be recovered.

      Other than the impaired other receivables, the financial assets included in the above balances relate to
      receivables for which there was no recent history of default and past due amounts. As at March 31, 2022 and
      2021, their loss allowance is assessed to be minimal.
168   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      21.   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH

                                                                                                                            2022                      2021
                                                                                                                         RMB’000                   RMB’000


            Cash and bank balances                                                                                      8,325,424                 6,419,689
            Time deposits                                                                                               2,285,552                 5,228,097


            Total                                                                                                      10,610,976                11,647,786


            Less: Restricted cash                                                                                           (63,125)                  (11,017)


            Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                  10,547,851                11,636,769


            At the end of the reporting period, the cash and cash equivalents of the Group denominated in RMB placed in
            the PRC amounted to approximately RMB6,246,376,000 (2021: RMB3,163,012,000). The RMB is not freely
            convertible into other currencies, however, under Mainland China’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and
            Administration of Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the Group is permitted to
            exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorized to conduct foreign exchange business.

            Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Time deposits are made for
            varying periods of between three months and six months depending on the immediate cash requirements of the
            Group, and earn interest at the respective term deposit rates. The bank balances are deposited with
            creditworthy banks with no recent history of default. The cash equivalents placed in payment platform,
            including those in restricted cash, amounting to RMB127,910,000 (2021: RMB46,679,000) represent cash and
            restricted cash placed in Alipay, a subsidiary of Alibaba Group, which earns interest at floating rates.

      22.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                                                            2022                      2021
                                                                                                                         RMB’000                   RMB’000


            Unlisted equity investments, at fair value (note i)                                                         1,654,233                    976,453
            Other unlisted investments, at fair value (note ii)                                                               7,257                     8,003


                                                                                                                        1,661,490                    984,456


            Note i: The above equity investments were classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss as the Group has not elected to
                    recognize the fair value gain or loss through other comprehensive income.


            Note ii: The above investments were financial derivatives which are mandatorily classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss.
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   169




                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                              March 31, 2022

23.   EQUITY INVESTMENT DESIGNATED AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                                               2022                    2021
                                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000


      Unlisted equity investment, at fair value:
      IK Healthcare Holdings Limited (“IK Healthcare”)                                        140,900                163,212


      The above equity investment was irrevocably designated at FVOCI as the Group considers this investment to
      be strategic in nature. During the year, the fair value changes in this investment resulted in a loss (net of tax)
      amounting to approximately US$2,677,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB15,459,000) (2021: a gain (net of
      tax) amounting to approximately US$398,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB2,426,000)), recorded in other
      comprehensive income.

24.   TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES

      An aging analysis of the trade and bills payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice
      date or issue date, is as follows:

                                                                                               2022                    2021
                                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000


      Within 3 months                                                                       2,110,566              1,268,105
      3 to 12 months                                                                        1,236,627              1,184,311
      Over 12 months                                                                          181,404                  99,134


                                                                                            3,528,597              2,551,550


      The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on terms of 30 days to 90 days.

      Included in the Group’s trade payables are amounts due to subsidiaries of Alibaba Group of approximately
      RMB1,492,580,000 (2021: RMB1,284,969,000), which are repayable on credit terms mutually agreed by the
      parties involved.
170   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      25.   OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

                                                                                                     2022                 2021
                                                                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000


            Current:
                Other payables                                                                     716,308              482,439
                Accruals                                                                           169,815              105,730
                Contingent consideration                                                             55,253                  —


                                                                                                   941,376              588,169
            Non-current:
                Contingent consideration                                                             51,178                   —
                Other payables                                                                       55,185                   —


                                                                                                   106,363                    —


                                                                                                  1,047,739             588,169


            Other payables are non-interest-bearing. The current other payables have an average term of three months.
            The non-current other payables are to be paid after certain conditions are fulfilled (note 31).

            Included in the Group’s other payables are advances received from a joint venture amounting to
            RMB1,806,000 (2021: Nil), which are used to settle the management fees incurred in the subsequent period
            within three months.

      26.   CONTRACT LIABILITIES

            Details of contract liabilities are as follows:

                                                                                     2022              2021                2020
                                                                             RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000


            Pharmaceutical direct sales business                               105,631               62,559              43,291
            Healthcare and digital services business                           155,047              127,982             127,989


                                                                               260,678              190,541             171,280


            Contract liabilities include short-term advances received for the provision of digital infrastructure and advertising
            related services. The increase in contract liabilities as at March 31, 2021 and 2022 was mainly due to the
            incentive policy of early collection and increasing scale of services.
                                                                                             ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report               171




                                                                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                                                          March 31, 2022

27.   DEFERRED TAX

      The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets during the year are as follows:

      Deferred tax liabilities

                                                                 Fair value
                                                             adjustment of      Fair value
                                                                     equity adjustment of
                                                            investments at          equity                                         Fair value
                                                                 fair value   investments    Distributable         Share of      adjustment      Accelerated
                                                             through other   at fair value   profits of the          capital    arising from    amortization
                                                            comprehensive through profit     Group’s PRC      reserve of an    acquisition of   of intangible
                                                                   income          or loss     associates         associate     subsidiaries           assets     Total
                                                                  RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000


      At April 1, 2020                                               4,616            365           14,848               —                —               —       19,829
      Deferred tax charged to the statement of profit or
          loss (note 9)                                                 —          12,554            6,670               —                —               —       19,224
      Deferred tax charged to other comprehensive
          income                                                       269              —               —                —                —               —          269


      Gross deferred tax liabilities at March 31, 2021
          and April 1, 2021                                          4,885         12,919           21,518               —                —               —       39,322

      Deferred tax charged/(credited) to the statement of
          profit or loss (note 9)                                       —            7,038         107,188               —                —           (2,443)    111,783
      Acquisition of subsidiaries (note 31)                             —               —               —                —            83,750              —       83,750
      Deferred tax credited to capital reserve                          —               —               —               (12)              —               —          (12)
      Deferred tax credited to other comprehensive
          income                                                    (1,718)             —               —                —                —               —       (1,718)
      Exchange realignment                                          (1,152)             —               —                —                —               —       (1,152)


      Gross deferred tax liabilities at March 31, 2022               2,015         19,957          128,706              (12)          83,750          (2,443)    231,973
172   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      27.   DEFERRED TAX (CONTINUED)

            The movements in deferred tax liabilities and assets during the year are as follows: (continued)

            Deferred tax assets

                                                                                                              Loss available
                                                                                                               for offsetting
                                                                                                              against future
                                                                                                              taxable profits
                                                                                                                    RMB’000


            At April 1, 2020, March 31, 2021 and April 1, 2021                                                             —
            Deferred tax credited to the statement of profit or loss (note 9)                                        132,880


            Gross deferred tax assets at March 31, 2022                                                              132,880


            For presentation purposes, certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset in the statement of
            financial position. The following is an analysis of the deferred tax balances of the Group for financial reporting
            purposes:

                                                                                                    2022                 2021
                                                                                                 RMB’000              RMB’000


            Net deferred tax assets recognized in the consolidated statement
                of financial position                                                               17,390                   —
            Net deferred tax liabilities recognized in the consolidated statement
                of financial position                                                             (116,483)             (39,322)


            The Group has tax losses arising in Hong Kong of approximately RMB47,840,000 (2021: RMB13,057,000) that
            are available indefinitely for offsetting against future taxable profits of the companies in which the losses arose.
            The Group also has tax losses arising in Mainland China of RMB1,004,668,000 (2021: RMB1,240,473,000) that
            will expire in one to five years for offsetting against future taxable profits.

            Deferred tax assets have not been recognized in respect of these losses and other deductible temporary
            differences as they have arisen in subsidiaries that have been loss-making for some time and it is not
            considered probable that taxable profits will be available against which the tax losses can be utilized.
                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   173




                                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                               March 31, 2022

27.   DEFERRED TAX (CONTINUED)

      Deferred tax assets have not been recognized in respect of the following items:

                                                                                                2022                    2021
                                                                                             RMB’000                 RMB’000


      Tax losses                                                                             1,052,508              1,253,530
      Deductible temporary differences                                                         209,003                249,953


                                                                                             1,261,511              1,503,483


      Pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, a 10% withholding tax is levied on dividends declared to
      foreign investors from the foreign investment enterprises established in Mainland China. The requirement is
      effective from January 1, 2008 and applies to earnings after December 31, 2007. A lower withholding tax rate
      may be applied if there is a tax treaty between Mainland China and the jurisdiction of the foreign investors. For
      the Group, the applicable rate is 10%. The Group is therefore liable to withholding taxes on dividends
      distributed by those subsidiaries, joint venture and associates established in Mainland China in respect of
      earnings generated from January 1, 2008.

      At March 31, 2022, no deferred tax has been recognized for withholding taxes that would be payable on the
      unremitted earnings that are subject to withholding taxes of the Group’s subsidiaries established in Mainland
      China. In the opinion of the directors, it is not probable that these subsidiaries will distribute such earnings in
      the foreseeable future. The aggregate amount of temporary differences associated with investments in
      subsidiaries in Mainland China for which deferred tax liabilities have not been recognized totaled approximately
      RMB465,252,000 at March 31, 2022 (2021: RMB282,696,000). At March 31, 2022, there were unremitted
      earnings shared by the Group of approximately RMB126,082,000 (2021: RMB97,406,000) from the Group’s
      associates and an joint venture established in Mainland China in respect of earnings generated from January 1,
      2008.

      There are no income tax consequences attaching to the payment of dividends by the Company to its
      shareholders.
174   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      28.   SHARE CAPITAL

            Shares

                                                                                                               2022            2021
                                                                                                            RMB’000         RMB’000


            13,517,806,542 (2021: 13,487,965,042) ordinary shares of
                HK$0.01 each                                                                                 119,102          118,859


            A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:

                                                                Number of                                       Treasury
                                                            shares in issue   Share capital Share premium         shares       Total
                                                                                  RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


            At March 31 and April 1, 2020                   12,074,135,224         106,108     22,344,732        (13,039)   22,437,801
            Issue of shares for restricted share units to
                be vested in subsequent periods (note a)        37,800,000            321              —            (321)           —
            Repurchase of shares (note b)                               —              —               —         (39,580)      (39,580)
            Vested awarded shares transferred to
                employees (note c)                                       —              —         123,627         30,675       154,302
            Share options exercised (note d)                     16,402,500            147        114,809             —        114,956
            Issue of shares (note e)                          1,359,627,318         12,283     20,698,113             —     20,710,396


            At March 31 and April 1, 2021                   13,487,965,042         118,859     43,281,281        (22,265)   43,377,875
            Issue of shares for restricted share units to
                be vested in subsequent periods (note a)        27,000,000            219              —            (219)           —
            Repurchase of shares (note b)                               —              —               —         (16,519)      (16,519)
            Vested awarded shares transferred to
                employees (note c)                                       —              —         203,824         15,487      219,311
            Share options exercised (note d)                     2,841,500             24          14,792             —        14,816


            At March 31, 2022                               13,517,806,542         119,102     43,499,897        (23,516)   43,595,483
                                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report         175




                                                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                                 March 31, 2022

28.   SHARE CAPITAL (CONTINUED)

      Notes:


      a.       During the year ended March 31, 2022, 27,000,000 shares of HK$0.01 each were issued for RSUs to be vested for non-connected
               persons (2021: 37,800,000 shares of HK$0.01 each were issued for RSUs to be vested for non-connected persons).


      b.       In July 2021, 1,300,000 shares of HK$0.01 each were repurchased for RSUs to be vested for connected persons at a total cash
               consideration of RMB16,519,000 (2021: 2,000,000 shares of HK$0.01 each were repurchased for RSUs to be vested for connected
               persons at a total cash consideration of RMB39,580,000).


      c.       Upon vesting of RSUs for the year ended March 31, 2022, 25,052,000 issued shares were transferred to non-connected persons and
               1,207,000 repurchased shares were transferred to connected persons, respectively. (Upon vesting of RSUs for the year ended March
               31, 2021, 30,990,000 issued shares were transferred to non-connected persons and 2,353,000 repurchased shares were transferred to
               connected persons, respectively.)


      d.       The subscription rights attaching to 2,841,500 share options were exercised at the subscription price of HK$4.13 per share (note 29),
               resulting in the issue of 2,841,500 shares for a total cash consideration, before expenses, of RMB9,693,000. An amount of
               RMB5,123,000 was transferred from the share option reserve to share premium upon the exercise of the share options (2021: The
               subscription rights attaching to 16,402,500 share options were exercised at the subscription price of HK$5.20 per share (note 29),
               resulting in the issue of 16,402,500 shares for a total cash consideration, before expenses, of RMB76,542,000. An amount of
               RMB38,414,000 was transferred from the share option reserve to share premium upon the exercise of the share options).


      e.       On April 9, 2020, 860,874,200 shares were issued to Ali JK Medical Products Limited (“Ali JK Medical”) at a subscription price of
               HK$15.08 per share and for a total consideration of HK$12,981,983,000 (approximately RMB11,793,226,000).


               On August 5, 2020, the Company entered into a placing agreement with the placing agents in relation to the placing of an aggregate
               of 498,753,118 new shares at the placing price of HK$20.05 per placing share. On August 12, 2020, a total of 498,753,118 new
               shares have been successfully placed, the gross proceeds were HK$10,000,000,000 and the net proceeds were HK$9,964,200,000
               (approximately RMB8,917,172,000).


               SHARE OPTIONS


               Details of the Company’s share option scheme and the share options issued under the scheme are included in note 29 to the financial
               statements.
176   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      29.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS

            Share award scheme

            On November 24, 2014 (the “Adoption Date”), the Group adopted a share award scheme for the purpose of
            providing incentives and rewards to eligible participants who contribute to the success of the Group’s
            operations. An award (“Award”) granted under the Share Award Scheme may either take the form of a RSU,
            being a contingent right to receive shares of the Company which are awarded under the Share Award
            Scheme, or an option to subscribe for or acquire shares of the Company which are granted under the Share
            Award Scheme.

            Share options and RSUs granted to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or
            to any of their associates, are subject to approval in advance by the independent non-executive directors. All
            grants of share options and RSUs to connected persons shall be subject to compliance with the requirements
            of the Listing Rules, including the prior approval of the shareholders according to Chapter 14A of the Listing
            Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, any grant of share options to any connected person of the Company is fully
            exempted from the compliance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules pursuant to Rule 14A.92 of the Listing
            Rules. Any grant of RSUs to any connected person of the Company will constitute a connected transaction of
            the Company and shall therefore be subject to compliance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules (unless an
            exemption applies).

            In addition, any share options and RSUs granted to a substantial shareholder or an independent non-executive
            director of the Company, or to any of their associates, in excess of 0.1% of the shares of the Company in
            issue at any time or with an aggregate value (based on the price of the Company’s shares at the date of
            grant) in excess of HK$5 million, within any 12-month period, are subject to shareholders’ approval in advance
            in a general meeting.

            The exercise price of share options is determinable by the directors, but may not be less than the highest of (i)
            the Stock Exchange closing price of the Company’s shares on the date of offer of the share options; (ii) the
            average Stock Exchange closing price of the Company’s shares for the five trading days immediately preceding
            the date of offer and (iii) the nominal value of the shares.

            The total number of shares in respect of which Awards may be granted under the Share Award Scheme and
            any other share award schemes of the Company shall not exceed 3% of the shares in issue as at the
            Adoption Date (the “Scheme Mandate Limit”), or 3% of the shares in issue as at the new approval date of the
            renewed Scheme Mandate Limit. There are no other restrictions specified under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules
            on the maximum number of shares to be granted to each eligible participants under the Share Award Scheme.

            The Awards do not confer rights on the holders to dividends or to vote at shareholders’ meetings.
                                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   177




                                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                         March 31, 2022

29.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS (CONTINUED)

      Share award scheme (continued)

      Movements in the number of Awards granted under the Share Award Scheme during the year and their related
      weighted average fair values are as follows:

                                                              Weighted
                                                                average                                   Number of
                                                         exercise price            Number of               restricted
                                                       of share options        share options             share units
                                                         HK$ per share                     ’000                   ’000


      Outstanding at April 1, 2020                                   4.84                28,679                85,761
      Granted during the year                                      19.92                  6,698                23,847
      Forfeited or lapsed during the year                            6.91                (1,694)               (14,225)
      Exercised or vested during the year                            5.20               (16,403)               (33,343)


      Outstanding at March 31 and April 1, 2021                    10.14                 17,280                62,040


      Granted during the year                                      13.69                  2,554                34,019
      Forfeited or lapsed during the year                          19.90                 (1,814)                (8,433)
      Exercised or vested during the year                            4.13                (2,842)              (26,259)


      Outstanding at March 31, 2022                                10.69                 15,178                61,367


      The weighted average share price at the date of exercise for share options exercised during the year was
      HK$11.56 per share (2021: HK$20.71).
178   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      29.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS (CONTINUED)

            Share award scheme (continued)

            The exercise prices and exercise periods of the share options outstanding as at the end of the reporting period
            are as follows:

            2022

              Number of options            Exercise price                                                 Exercise period
                                 ’000     HK$ per share


                                  508                  5.184                        2015/9/7         to         2025/9/6
                                  187                   5.32                      2016/4/28          to        2026/4/27
                                1,838                  5.558                      2016/7/29          to        2026/7/28
                                  776                  3.626                        2017/2/2         to         2027/2/1
                                  331                  3.902                      2017/6/14          to        2027/6/13
                                1,684                  3.686                        2017/8/3         to         2027/8/2
                                2,020                    4.4                     2017/10/10          to        2027/10/9
                                  690                  4.144                        2018/2/1         to        2028/1/31
                                4,512                  19.94                      2020/6/15          to        2030/6/14
                                  119                  18.66                      2020/9/15          to        2030/9/14
                                1,663                  18.21                      2021/6/15          to        2031/6/14
                                  100                  7.438                     2021/12/15          to       2031/12/14
                                  750                   4.24                      2022/3/15          to        2032/3/14


                              15,178
                                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   179




                                                                        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                        March 31, 2022

29.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS (CONTINUED)

      Share award scheme (continued)

      2021

         Number of options     Exercise price                                                        Exercise period
                      ’000    HK$ per share


                       508             5.184                               2015/9/7            to           2025/9/7
                       217              5.32                              2016/4/28            to         2026/4/28
                     2,302             5.558                              2016/7/29            to         2026/7/29
                     1,048             3.626                               2017/2/2            to           2027/2/2
                       116              3.61                              2017/2/22            to         2027/2/22
                       854             3.902                              2017/6/14            to         2027/6/14
                     2,732             3.686                               2017/8/3            to           2027/8/3
                     2,288               4.4                            2017/10/10             to        2027/10/10
                       810             4.144                               2018/2/1            to           2028/2/1
                     6,286             19.94                              2020/6/15            to         2030/6/15
                       119             18.66                              2020/9/15            to         2030/9/15


                    17,280


      The fair value of the share options granted during the year was RMB13,717,000 (HK$6.47 each) (2021:
      RMB66,231,000, HK$10.82 each), of which the Group recognized a share option expense of RMB3,117,000
      (2021: RMB16,362,000) during the year ended March 31, 2022.

      The fair value of the RSUs granted during the year was RMB385,520,000 (HK$13.87 each) (2021:
      RMB435,425,000, HK$20.49 each), of which the Group recognized a share option expense of
      RMB101,461,000 (2021: RMB106,277,000) during the year ended March 31, 2022.
180   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      29.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS (CONTINUED)

            Share award scheme (continued)

            The fair value of share options granted during the year ended March 31, 2022 was estimated as at the date of
            grant, using a binomial model, taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the share options
            were granted. The following table lists the inputs to the model used:

                                                                                                                Share options
                                                                                                              granted in 2022


            Fair value of the Company’s shares as at the grant date                                         HK$1.87~HK$8.73
            Expected volatility (%)                                                                                          60
            Expected dividend (%)                                                                                          0.00
            Exercise multiple                                                                                               2.5
            Exercise price                                                                                HK$4.24~HK$18.21
            Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                                                    1.06
            Forfeiture rate (%)                                                                                          21~24


            The expected volatility reflects the assumption that the historical volatility is indicative of future trends, which
            may also not necessarily be the actual outcome.

            The fair values of the RSUs granted during the year ended March 31, 2022 were determined based on the
            market value of the Company’s shares at the respective grant dates.

            The fair values of RSUs granted by Alibaba Group to employees transferred from other entities of Alibaba
            Group to the Company were measured with reference to Alibaba Group’s closing share price of the
            employment transfer date. The Company is obligated to pay a cash consideration to Alibaba Group for such
            employees’ service period at the Group on a pro rata basis when these RSUs were vested.
                                                           ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   181




                                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                          March 31, 2022

29.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS (CONTINUED)

      Share award scheme (continued)

      Total share-based compensation expenses recorded by the Group under the Group’s Share Award Scheme
      and Alibaba Group’s Share Award Scheme are as follows:

                                                                                           2022                    2021
                                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000


      Cost of revenue                                                                       16,132                 16,512
      Sales and marketing expenses                                                        120,656                121,358
      Administrative expenses                                                               98,528                 90,321
      Product development expenses                                                        139,052                138,642
      Fulfilment                                                                            33,730                 30,126


      Total                                                                               408,098                396,959


      At the end of the reporting year, the Company had approximately 15,178,000 share options and 61,367,000
      RSUs outstanding under the Share Award Scheme, which represented approximately 0.57% of the Company’s
      shares in issue as at that date. The exercise in full of the outstanding share options and RSUs, under the
      present capital structure of the Company, would result in the issue of approximately 58,733,000 additional
      ordinary shares of the Company and additional share capital of HK$587,000 (equivalent to approximately
      RMB484,000) (before issue expenses), the purchase of 305,000 existing shares from the market and the
      release of 17,507,000 shares from treasury shares.

      The Company recognized share-based compensation expenses of RMB114,854,000 for awards under Alibaba
      Group’s Share Award Scheme for the year ended March 31, 2022 (2021: RMB55,492,000) with a
      corresponding payable of RMB161,552,000 due to Alibaba Group recorded at the end of the reporting year
      (2021: RMB55,492,000).
182   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      30.   RESERVES

            The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years are presented
            in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 97 to page 98 of the financial statements.

            Merger reserve

            The merger reserve represents the differences between the fair value of consideration shares issued by the
            Company and the carrying amount of the net assets of the target company at the acquisition date pursuant to
            the business combination under common control of the Group that took place in prior years.

            Other reserves

            Other reserves mainly consist of PRC statutory reserves and contributed surplus. Under the relevant PRC laws
            and regulations, PRC companies are required to allocate 10% of their net profit to the fund until such fund
            reaches 50% of their registered capital. The statutory reserve fund can be utilized, upon approval by the
            relevant authorities, to offset against accumulated losses or to increase registered capital of the companies,
            provided that such fund is maintained at a minimum of 25% of the companies’ registered capital. Contributed
            surplus represents the difference between the nominal value of the Company’s shares issued in exchange for
            the issued share capital of the subsidiaries and the net asset value of the subsidiaries acquired, and the
            surplus arising from the reduction of share capital. Under the Companies Act of Bermuda and the Bye-laws of
            the Company, the contributed surplus is distributable to shareholders. The Company has no distributable
            reserves at 31st March 2022 and 2021.
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   183




                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                              March 31, 2022

31.   BUSINESS COMBINATION

      (A)   Business combination not under common control

            Acquisition of International AIQING Technology Investment Co., Ltd. (the “International AIQING
            Acquisition”)

            On July 26, 2021, Ali JK Medical Products Limited (“Ali JK Medical”), a subsidiary of the Group,
            International AIQING Technology Investment Co., Ltd. (“International AIQING”) and its original shareholders
            (the “Vendor”) entered into an equity transfer agreement, pursuant to which Ali JK Medical conditionally
            agreed to purchase and the Vendor conditionally agreed to sell its entire 100% equity interest in
            International AIQING, for a consideration of approximately of United States Dollars (“USD”)163,417,000
            (equivalent to approximately RMB1,053,222,000), which was to be satisfied by (i) cash of
            USD144,327,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB930,205,000); (ii) contingent consideration of
            USD16,328,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB105,221,000), which was to be paid on the first and
            second anniversaries of the closing date, respectively, subject to adjustments dependent on the
            performance of International AIQING; and (iii) issuing replacement restricted shares of approximately of
            1,426,000 of the Company with a total fair value of USD2,431,000 (equivalent to approximately
            RMB15,669,000) at the acquisition date for the unvested Employee Share Option Plans shares (“ESOP”)
            of International AIQING with a fair value of USD2,762,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB17,796,000) at
            the acquisition date, which were to be issued at the first RSU grant date of the Company after the
            maturity date of the original ESOP. The International AIQING Acquisition was made as part of the Group’s
            strategy to expand its online medical-service related business, which was mainly carried out by Pingan
            Zhengyang, an indirect subsidiary of International AIQING, with a brand name known as Xiaolu Traditional
            Chinese Medicine. The transaction was completed on 10 September 2021, and accordingly International
            AIQING became a wholly owned subsidiary of the Group. During the year, a cash consideration of
            USD134,067,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB864,087,000) was paid to International AIQING’s
            original shareholders, and the remaining amount of USD10,260,000 (equivalent to approximately
            RMB66,118,000) is to be paid after certain conditions are fulfilled.
184   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      31.   BUSINESS COMBINATION (CONTINUED)

            (A)    Business combination not under common control (continued)

                   Acquisition of International AIQING Technology Investment Co., Ltd. (the “International AIQING
                   Acquisition”) (continued)

                   The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of International AIQING as at the date of acquisition
                   were as follows:

                                                                                                                                Fair value
                                                                                                                            recognized on
                                                                                                                               acquisition
                                                                                                               Notes             RMB’000


                   Property and equipment                                                                       12                      3,502
                   Right-of-use assets                                                                         13(a)                    8,567
                   Other intangible assets                                                                      15                  335,000
                   Inventories                                                                                                            544
                   Trade receivables                                                                                                      488
                   Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                                                    13,197
                   Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                                                              35,980
                   Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                          50,340
                   Lease liabilities                                                                           13(b)                   (8,567)
                   Trade payables                                                                                                    (17,463)
                   Other payables and accruals                                                                                       (38,900)
                   Contract liabilities                                                                                                    (34)
                   Deferred tax liabilities                                                                      27                  (83,750)


                   Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                                      298,904
                   Goodwill on acquisition                                                                       14                 754,318


                                                                                                                                  1,053,222
                   Satisfied by:
                      Cash                                                                                                          930,205
                      Contingent consideration included in other payables and accruals                                              105,221
                      Replacement awards*                                                                                            17,796


                   Total purchase consideration                                                                                   1,053,222


                   *       Replacement awards represent the replacement of the then unvested ESOP of International AIQING with a fair value of
                           RMB17,796,000 at the acquisition date by the RSU of the Company, which constitutes a portion of the acquisition
                           consideration and is included in the employee share-based compensation reserve.


                   The Group incurred transaction costs of RMB2,631,000 for this acquisition. These transaction costs have
                   been expensed and are included in administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of profit or
                   loss.
                                                                  ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   185




                                                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                 March 31, 2022

31.   BUSINESS COMBINATION (CONTINUED)

      (A)   Business combination not under common control (continued)

            Acquisition of International AIQING Technology Investment Co., Ltd. (the “International AIQING
            Acquisition”) (continued)

            As part of the purchase agreement, contingent consideration is payable, which is dependent on the
            amount of gross merchandise volume of International AIQING for each of the two years ending 30 April
            2022 and 2023 and the accumulated net profit of the two years ending 30 April 2023. The initial amount
            recognized was RMB105,221,000, which was determined using the Monte Carlo Simulation model under
            the income approach and is within Level 3 fair value measurement. The consideration is due for final
            measurement and payment to the former shareholders on the first and second anniversary date of
            10 September 2021. At the date of approval of these financial statements, no further significant changes
            to the consideration are expected.

            Significant unobservable valuation inputs for the fair value measurement of the contingent consideration
            are as follows:

            Volatility                                                                                                    20.0%
            Discount rate                                                                                                 15.7%

            A significant increase (decrease) in the volatility would result in a significant decrease (increase) in the fair
            value of the contingent consideration liability. A significant increase (decrease) in the discount rate would
            result in a significant decrease (increase) in the fair value of the contingent consideration liability.

            As of March 31, 2022, the fair value of the contingent consideration included in other payables and
            accruals was remeasured at USD16,762,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB106,431,000). A loss of
            USD434,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB2,782,000) resulted from the change in fair value of the
            contingent consideration included in other payables and accruals was recognized in other expenses and
            losses in the consolidated statement of profit or loss for the year ended March 31, 2022.

            An analysis of the cash flows in respect of the acquisition of International AIQING is as follows:

                                                                                                                       RMB’000


            Cash consideration                                                                                         (864,087)
            Cash and bank balances acquired                                                                               50,340


            Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash flows
               from investing activities                                                                               (813,747)
186   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      31.   BUSINESS COMBINATION (CONTINUED)

            (A)    Business combination not under common control (continued)

                   Acquisition of International AIQING Technology Investment Co., Ltd. (the “International AIQING
                   Acquisition”) (continued)

                   Since the acquisition, International AIQING contributed RMB222,940,000 to the Group’s revenue and loss
                   of RMB17,971,000 to the consolidated loss for the year ended March 31, 2022.

                   Had the combination taken place at the beginning of the year, the revenue and loss of the Group for the
                   year would have been RMB20,736,859,000 and RMB278,777,000, respectively.

                   Acquisition of Guangzhou Zhongbai Lide Vitiligo Treatment Center (the “Zhongbai acquisition”)

                   On May 6, 2021, Ali Health Network Hospital Co., Ltd. (“Ali Health Network”), a subsidiary of the Group,
                   Guangzhou Zhongbai Lide Policlinic Co., Ltd (“Zhongbai”) and Xue Xipeng (“Mr. Xue”), a third party
                   entered into an equity transfer agreement, pursuant to which Ali Health Network conditionally agreed to
                   purchase and Mr. Xue conditionally agreed to sell its entire 100% equity interest in Zhongbai, for a cash
                   consideration of approximately RMB2,200,000, of which RMB1,900,000 has been paid during the year.
                   The Zhongbai Acquisition was made as part of the Group’s strategy to expand its offline medical-service
                   related business. The transaction was completed on June 17, 2021, and accordingly Zhongbai became a
                   wholly owned subsidiary of the Group.

                   The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of Zhongbai as at the date of acquisition were as
                   follows:

                                                                                                                   Fair value
                                                                                                               recognized on
                                                                                                                  acquisition
                                                                                                   Notes            RMB’000


                   Property and equipment                                                            12                       8
                   Inventories                                                                                             125
                   Trade receivables                                                                                         31
                   Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                                         127
                   Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                 50
                   Trade payables                                                                                           (14)
                   Other payables and accruals                                                                              (86)


                   Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                             241
                   Goodwill on acquisition                                                           14                  1,959


                                                                                                                         2,200
                   Satisfied by cash                                                                                     2,200
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   187




                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                              March 31, 2022

31.   BUSINESS COMBINATION (CONTINUED)

      (A)   Business combination not under common control (continued)

            Acquisition of Guangzhou Zhongbai Lide Vitiligo Treatment Center (the “Zhongbai acquisition”)
            (continued)

            The Group incurred transaction costs of RMB100,000 for this acquisition. These transaction costs have
            been expensed and are included in administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of profit or
            loss.

            An analysis of the cash flows in respect of the acquisition of Zhongbai is as follows:

                                                                                                                    RMB’000


            Cash consideration                                                                                         (1,900)
            Cash and bank balances acquired                                                                                 50


            Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents included in cash flows from investing
               activities                                                                                              (1,850)


            Since the acquisition, Zhongbai contributed RMB1,365,000 to the Group’s revenue and loss of
            RMB1,434,000 to the consolidated loss for the year ended March 31, 2022.

            Had the combination taken place at the beginning of the year, the revenue and loss of the Group for the
            year would have been RMB20,636,925,000 and RMB259,663,000, respectively.

      (B)   Business combination under common control

            The Group adopts merger accounting for common control combinations in respect of the following
            transaction:

            On April 9, 2020, the Group acquired a 100% equity interest in Ali JK ZNS Limited and its subsidiaries,
            Ali JK ZNS (HK) Limited, and Hangzhou Defu Health Management Co., Ltd.^ (杭州得賦健康管理有限公司)
            (collectively referred to as the “Ali JK ZNS Group”) from Ali JK Nutritional Products Holding Limited (the
            “Vendor”), a direct-wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding. As the Company and the Ali JK ZNS
            Group are under the common control of Alibaba Holding before and after the acquisition, the business
            combination has been accounted for as a business combination under common control using merger
            accounting.
188   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      31.   BUSINESS COMBINATION (CONTINUED)

            (B)    Business combination under common control (continued)

                   The consideration of HK$8,075.0 million was satisfied by the Company issuing 860,874,200 shares on
                   April 9, 2020 to the Vendor. The fair value of these consideration shares was HK$12,982.0 million
                   (approximately RMB11,793.2 million) based on the market price of HK$15.08 per ordinary share as at
                   April 9, 2020. The difference of RMB11,791.8 million between the fair value of consideration shares
                   issued of approximately RMB11,793.2 million and the carrying amount of approximately RMB1.4 million of
                   the net assets of the Ali JK ZNS Group at the acquisition date was recognized in the merger reserve. Ali
                   JK ZNS Group was established by the Vendor to hold the business which comprises: (i) all merchant
                   relationships with the target merchants for the sale of target products and services on Tmall.com and (ii)
                   certain relevant marketing and operations personnel managing the relationships with the target merchants.
                   The business earns commissions from merchants when sales of target products on Tmall.com were
                   completed.

                   Since the acquisition, the Ali JK ZNS Group contributed RMB204,686,000 to the Group’s revenue and
                   profit of RMB109,134,000 to the consolidated profit for the year ended March 31, 2021.

      32.   DISPOSAL OF A SUBSIDIARY

                                                                                                                      2021
                                                                                                  Notes            RMB’000


            Net assets disposed of:
              Property and equipment                                                               12                  9,649
              Other receivables and other assets                                                                           3
              Trade and bills receivables                                                                              3,807
              Cash and Cash equivalents                                                                               10,606
              Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                                          6,657
              Trade and bills payables                                                                               (29,756)
              Other payables and accruals                                                                            (53,226)
              Non-controlling interests                                                                               10,452


                                                                                                                     (41,808)
            Gain on disposal of a subsidiary                                                        5                 70,608


                                                                                                                      28,800


            Satisfied by:
               Equity                                                                                                 28,800


            During the year ended March 31, 2021, the Group entered into an agreement with Laiweilai to transfer its 80%
            equity interest in Seenew Medical to make in-kind contribution equivalent to RMB28,800,000 for capital
            injection in Laiweilai. For more details, please refer to Note 17(vi).
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report    189




                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                              March 31, 2022

33.   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

      (a)   Major non-cash transactions

            During the year, other than disclosed elsewhere in the financial statements, the Group had non-cash
            additions to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of RMB136,195,000 (2021: RMB2,974,000) and
            RMB136,195,000 (2021: RMB2,974,000), respectively, in respect of lease arrangements for plant and
            equipment.

      (b)   Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                                                 2022                    2021
                                                                                               Lease                    Lease
                                                                                            liabilities              liabilities
                                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000


            Carrying amount at April 1                                                          37,740                 69,755
            Changes from financing cash flows                                                  (47,012)               (31,616)
            New leases                                                                        136,195                   2,974
            Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                          8,567                     —
            Interest expense                                                                     3,815                  2,449
            Interest paid classified as operating cash flows                                    (3,815)                 (2,449)
            Covid-19-related rent concessions from lessors                                          (76)                  (189)
            Revision of a lease term arising from a change
               in the non-cancellable period of a lease                                              —                  (3,184)


            Carrying amount at March 31                                                       135,414                  37,740
190   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      33.   NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED)

            (c)      Total cash outflow for leases

                     The total cash outflow for leases included in the statement of cash flows is as follows:

                                                                                                    2022           2021
                                                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000


                     Within operating activities                                                     4,693          2,766
                     Within financing activities                                                    47,012        31,616


                                                                                                    51,705        34,382


      34.   COMMITMENTS

            The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                                March 31,       March 31,
                                                                                                    2022            2021
                                                                                                 RMB’000        RMB’000


            Contracted, but not provided for:
                  Capital contribution payable to joint ventures                                    39,800       167,500
                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   191




                                                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                               March 31, 2022

35.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

      (I)   Transactions with related parties

            In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in these financial statements, the Group had the
            following material transactions with related parties during the year:

                                                                                                2022                    2021
                                                                          Notes              RMB’000                 RMB’000

            Ultimate holding company:
                Share-based compensation expenses attributable to
                   connected persons                                        (i)                 (22,858)               (29,409)
                Advertising services received from Alibaba Group            (ii)               (824,163)             (378,573)
                Shared services received from Alibaba Group                 (ii)               (305,863)             (262,096)
                Platform services received from Alibaba Group               (ii)               (282,463)             (301,227)

            Fellow subsidiaries:
               Cloud computing services received from Alibaba
                  Cloud Computing Ltd. (“Alibaba Cloud”)                    (ii)               (139,593)                (4,573)
               Logistics and warehouse services received from
                  Hangzhou Cainiao Supply Chain Management
                  Co., Ltd. (“Hangzhou Cainiao”)                            (ii)               (301,227)             (242,467)
               Payment services received from Alipay                        (ii)                (65,163)               (66,093)
               Technical services received from Tmall Entities@
                  regarding Blue Cap Health Food#                           (ii)                (69,704)               (69,456)
               Technical services received from Tmall Entities
                  regarding medical devices, healthcare products,
                  adult products, and medical and healthcare
                  services                                                  (ii)               (774,945)             (794,555)
               Technical services received from Taobao Holding
                  Limited (“Taobao Holding”) regarding Tmall
                  Products and Services and Tmall Global
                  Products and Services*                                    (ii)               (259,831)             (177,865)
               Purchases of products from Alibaba Group                     (ii)                     —                 (10,118)
               Business sourcing and promotion services from
                  Koubei (Shanghai) Information Technology Co.,
                  Ltd. (“Koubei”)                                           (ii)                     —                 (27,030)
               Warehouse rent from Hangzhou Chuanfu                         (ii)                 (2,332)                    —
               Incentive fee received from Hangzhou Alimama
                  Software Services Co., Ltd. (“Alimama”)                   (ii)                  3,455                    103
               Outsourced and value-added services provided to
                  Taobao Holding                                            (ii)               103,725                105,676
               Tracking related services provided to a subsidiary of
                  Alibaba Group                                             (ii)                  1,869                  1,576
               Sales of products to Alibaba Group                           (ii)                 67,673                    161
               Rent received from a subsidiary of Alibaba Group                                      —                   7,384
               Software services provided to Taobao Holding                 (ii)                 62,545                 34,248
               Business sourcing and promotion services provided
                  to Koubei                                                 (ii)                     574                     —

            Associates:
              Sales of products                                             (ii)                     674                12,624
192   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      35.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

            (I)    Transactions with related parties (continued)

                                                                                                                       2022                     2021
                                                                                               Notes                RMB’000                  RMB’000

                   Joint ventures:
                      Loans to a joint venture                                                                             —                     2,500
                      Management fee                                                             (ii)                  20,674                    9,041

                   Others:
                     Subscription Agreement with Antfin and Ali JK                         (note 28(e))                      —            11,793,224
                     Capital increase agreement and equity transfer
                        agreement with associates of a non-executive
                        Director                                                                 (iii)                       —                216,000

                   @
                            Tmall Entities refers to Zhejiang Tmall Network Co., Ltd.^ (浙江天貓網絡有限公司) and Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd.^ (浙
                            江天貓技術有限公司)


                   #
                            Blue Cap Health Food refers to a kind of health food approved by the State Administration for Market Regulation of China.


                   *        Tmall Products and Services are comprised of pharmaceutical products, medical purpose food products, medical devices, adult
                            products, healthcare products, medical and healthcare services and the target Blue Cap Health Food sold through Tmall
                            Supermarket only.


                            Tmall Global Products and Services are comprised of pharmaceutical products, medical devices, healthcare products, medical
                            purpose food products, medical and healthcare services.


                   ^
                            For identification purposes only


                   Notes:


                   (i)      On June 15, 2020, the Company granted 2,900,000 options and 500,000 RSUs to Mr. ZHU Shunyan, an executive Director, the
                            current chairman of the Board and chief executive officer of the Company, and hence a connected person of the Company
                            under the Share Award Scheme. On the same day, the Company granted 292,500 options and 117,000 RSUs to Mr. WANG
                            Qiang, the then executive Director (resigned on October 23, 2020), and hence a connected person of the Company, and
                            290,000 options and 116,000 RSUs to other connected persons (other than the Directors), under the Share Award Scheme.
                            Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated June 15, 2020.


                            On September 15, 2020, the Company granted 119,000 options and 47,600 RSUs to one other connected person (other than
                            the Directors), under the Share Award Scheme. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the
                            Company dated September 15, 2020.


                            On June 15, 2021, the Company granted 421,250 options and 168,500 RSUs to Mr. ZHU Shunyan, an executive Director, the
                            current chairman of the Board and chief executive officer of the Company, and hence a connected person of the Company
                            under the Share Award Scheme. On the same day, the Company granted 67,250 options and 26,900 RSUs to Mr. TU Yanwu,
                            an executive Director and the chief financial officer of the Company, and hence a connected person of the Company under the
                            Share Award Scheme. The Company granted a total of 481,000 options and 192,400 RSUs to two directors of the subsidiaries
                            of the Company, and hence connected persons of the Company under the Share Award Scheme. Further details of the
                            transaction were set out in the announcement of Company dated June 15, 2021.
                                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report           193




                                                                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                                      March 31, 2022

35.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

      (I)    Transactions with related parties (continued)

             Notes: (continued)


             (ii)      These transactions were carried out in accordance with the terms and conditions mutually agreed by the parties involved.


             (iii)     During the year ended March 31, 2021, the Group, through two of its wholly-owned subsidiaries, entered into a capital increase
                       agreement and an equity transfer agreement with Laiweilai and acquired 30% equity interests of Laiweilai, with consideration of
                       RMB216,000,000 in cash and 80% equity interest in Seenew Medical.


                       As two of the existing shareholders of Laiweilai, namely, Hangzhou Vision Plus Chuangheng Equity Investment Fund Partnership
                       Enterprise (Limited Partnership) (杭州圓璟創恒股權投資基金合夥企業（有限合夥）) and Suzhou Vision Plus Equity Investment
                       Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership)(蘇州圓璟股權投資合夥企業（有限合夥）) are associates of Mr. Wu Yongming, a
                       non-executive Director, and are in turn the substantial shareholders of Laiweilai, the transactions contemplated under the capital
                       increase agreement and the equity transfer agreement thus constitute connected transactions of the Company in accordance
                       with the Listing Rules.


      (II)   Outstanding balances with related parties:

             In addition to the outstanding balances detailed elsewhere in these financial statements, the balances with
             related parties as at March 31, 2022 and March 31, 2021 are listed below:

                                                                                                                     2022                      2021
                                                                                                                  RMB’000                   RMB’000


             (1) Amounts due from related parties:
                     Subsidiaries of Alibaba Holding                                                                  56,692                    70,046
                     Joint venture                                                                                        —                      2,500


                                                                                                                      56,692                    72,546


             (2) Amounts due to related parties:
                     Subsidiaries of Alibaba Holding                                                                 165,297                    44,829


             The balances with fellow subsidiaries are unsecured, interest-free, and have no fixed terms of repayment.
194   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      35.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

            (III)   Compensation of key management personnel of the Group

                                                                                                2022                2021
                                                                                             RMB’000             RMB’000


                    Short-term employee benefits                                                15,135              12,504
                    Performance related bonuses                                                   9,182              5,023
                    Share-based compensation expenses                                           28,995              54,036
                    Pension scheme contributions                                                   583                 395


                    Total compensation paid to key management personnel                         53,895              71,958


            Further details of directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments are included in note 7 to the financial
            statements.

            The related party transactions in respect of items (i) and (ii) above also constitute connected transactions or
            continuing connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.
                                                                           ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   195




                                                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                          March 31, 2022

36.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

      The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period
      are as follows:

                                                                                         Financial assets at
                                                          Financial assets at            fair value through
                                                          fair value through            other comprehensive
      2022                                                   profit or loss                    income
                                                       Designated                                                 Financial
                                                          as such     Mandatorily                                 assets at
                                                       upon initial   designated        Debt       Equity        amortized
      Financial assets                                 recognition       as such investments investments              cost        Total
                                                         RMB’000        RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000


      Equity investment at fair value through
         other comprehensive income                             —               —             —       140,900            —       140,900
      Trade receivables                                         —               —             —            —       501,700       501,700
      Bills receivable                                          —               —         14,285           —            —         14,285
      Financial assets included in other receivables
           and other assets                                     —               —             —            —       510,942       510,942
      Financial investments at fair value through
           profit or loss                                1,654,233         7,257              —            —             —      1,661,490
      Cash and cash equivalents                                 —             —               —            —    10,547,851     10,547,851
      Restricted cash                                           —             —               —            —        63,125         63,125
      Long-term receivables                                     —             —               —            —        13,030         13,030


                                                         1,654,233         7,257          14,285      140,900   11,636,648     13,453,323



                                                                          Financial
                                                                 liabilities at fair
                                                                    value through
                                                                     profit or loss
                                                                   designated as
                                                                such upon initial Financial liabilities
      Financial liabilities                                            recognition at amortized cost                            Total
                                                                          RMB’000           RMB’000                           RMB’000


      Trade and bills payables                                                      —               3,528,597                 3,528,597
      Financial liabilities included in other payables
         and accruals                                                       106,431                   396,269                  502,700
      Lease liabilities                                                          —                    135,414                  135,414


                                                                            106,431                 4,060,280                 4,166,711
196   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      36.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (CONTINUED)

            The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period
            are as follows: (continued)

                                                                                           Financial assets at
                                                              Financial assets at          fair value through
                                                              fair value through          other comprehensive
            2021                                                 profit or loss                 income

                                                          Designated                                                   Financial
                                                             as such     Mandatorily                                  assets at
                                                          upon initial   designated           Debt        Equity      amortized
            Financial assets                              recognition       as such investments investments                cost          Total
                                                            RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000


            Equity investment at fair value through
                other comprehensive income                         —                 —          —        163,212             —       163,212
            Trade receivables                                      —                 —          —                —     300,178       300,178
            Bills receivable                                       —                 —     13,437                —           —         13,437
            Financial assets included in other
                receivables and other assets                       —                 —          —                —     409,229       409,229
            Financial investments at fair value through
                profit or loss                               976,453              8,003         —                —           —       984,456
            Cash and cash equivalents                              —                 —          —                —   11,636,769    11,636,769
            Restricted cash                                        —                 —          —                —      11,017         11,017
            Long-term receivables                                  —                 —          —                —        9,524         9,524


                                                             976,453              8,003    13,437        163,212     12,366,717    13,527,822


                                                                                                                         Financial liabilities
            Financial liabilities                                                                                        at amortized cost
                                                                                                                                   RMB’000


            Trade and bills payables                                                                                               2,551,550
            Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                                                           238,197
            Lease liabilities                                                                                                        37,740


                                                                                                                                   2,827,487
                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   197




                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                              March 31, 2022

37.   FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

      The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s financial instruments, other than those with carrying
      amounts that reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:

                                                            Carrying amount                            Fair value
                                                              2022               2021                2022                2021
                                                         RMB’000            RMB’000            RMB’000              RMB’000


      Financial assets
      Financial assets at fair value through
         profit or loss                                  1,661,490           984,456           1,661,490             984,456
      Equity investment designated at fair value
         through other comprehensive income                140,900           163,212             140,900             163,212
      Long-term receivables                                 13,030              9,524              11,213               9,127
      Bills receivable                                      14,285             13,437              14,285              13,437


                                                         1,829,705         1,170,629           1,827,888           1,170,232


      Financial liabilities
      Contingent consideration included in
         other payables and accruals                       106,431                  —            106,431                    —


      Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, trade receivables,
      financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets, trade payables, current portion of
      lease liabilities and financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals, approximate to their carrying
      amounts largely due to the short term maturities of these instruments.

      The Group’s finance department headed by the finance manager is responsible for determining the policies and
      procedures for the fair value measurement of financial instruments. The finance manager reports directly to the
      chief financial officer and the audit committee. At each reporting date, the finance department analyses the
      movements in the values of financial instruments and determines the major inputs applied in the valuation. The
      valuation is reviewed and approved by the chief financial officer. The valuation process and results are
      discussed with the audit committee twice a year for interim and annual financial reporting.

      The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could
      be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The
      following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

      The fair values of long-term receivables and bills receivable have been calculated by discounting the expected
      future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining
      maturities.
198   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      37.   FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

            The fair values of unlisted equity investments designated at FVOCI or fair values of unlisted equity investments
            designated at FVPL have been estimated using a market-based valuation technique and the key assumptions
            applied in the calculation are the comparable companies, relevant multiples and DLOM. Comparable companies
            are actively traded in stock market and the multiples are publicly available. Also, to adjust the fair value
            difference between a publicly traded company and a private company, an independent valuer has applied the
            option price model to estimate the DLOM. The fair value of put option measured at FVPL was estimated as at
            the date of grant and each financial reporting period end, using a Black-Scholes model, taking into account the
            terms and conditions upon which the options were granted. The Directors believe that the estimated fair values
            resulting from the valuation techniques, which are recorded in the consolidated statement of financial position,
            and the related changes in fair values, which are recorded in other comprehensive income and fair value gain
            or loss, are reasonable.

            The fair values of the contingent consideration included in other payables and accruals are determined using
            the Monte Carlo Simulation model under the income approach.

            Below is a summary of significant unobservable inputs to the valuation of financial instruments together with a
            quantitative sensitivity analysis as at March 31, 2022 and 2021:

                                                        Significant                                        Sensitivity of fair value to
                                  Valuation technique   unobservable input              Range              the input


            Unlisted equity       Valuation multiples   Average P/S multiple of peers   1.32 to 14.13      1% (2021: 1%) increase/decrease
            investments                                                                     (2021: 6.80)      in multiple would result in
                                                                                                              increase/decrease in fair value
                                                                                                              by RMB703,000 to
                                                                                                              RMB7,913,000 (2021:
                                                                                                              RMB4,845,000)

                                                        Discount for lack of            11.0% to 30.0%     1% (2021: 1%) increase/decrease
                                                            marketability                  (2021: 17.1%)      in discount would result in
                                                                                                              decrease/increase in fair value
                                                                                                              by RMB301,000 to
                                                                                                              RMB1,978,000 (2021:
                                                                                                              RMB487,000 to RMB998,000)

                                  Valuation multiples   Median P/S multiple of peers    12.61              1% (2021: 1%) increase/decrease
                                                                                                              in multiple would result in
                                                                                                              increase/decrease in fair value
                                                                                                              by RMB8,417,000

                                                        Discount for lack of            23.0%              1% (2021: 1%) increase/decrease
                                                            marketability                                     in discount would result in
                                                                                                              decrease/increase in fair value
                                                                                                              by RMB676,000
                                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report     199




                                                                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                                  March 31, 2022

37.   FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

      Below is a summary of significant unobservable inputs to the valuation of financial instruments together with a
      quantitative sensitivity analysis as at March 31, 2022 and 2021: (continued)

                                                         Significant                                            Sensitivity of fair value to
                                Valuation technique      unobservable input               Range                 the input


      Unlisted equity           Valuation multiples      Upper quartile P/S multiple of   1.70 (2021: 2.90)     1% (2021:1%) increase/decrease in
      investments                                           peers (2021: Average P/S                               multiple would result in
                                                            Multiple of peers)                                     increase/decrease in fair value
                                                                                                                   by RMB556,000/RMB240,000
                                                                                                                   (2021: RMB1,140,000)

                                                         Upper quartile P/B multiple of   2.98 (2021: 3.24)     1% (2021:1%) increase/decrease in
                                                            peers (2021: Average P/B                               multiple would result in
                                                            Multiple of peers)                                     increase/decrease in fair value
                                                                                                                   by RMB1,170,000/RMB854,000
                                                                                                                   (2021: RMB1,140,000)

                                                         Discount for lack of             20.0% (2021:25%)      1% (2021:1%) increase/decrease in
                                                             marketability                                         discount would result in
                                                                                                                   decrease/increase in fair value
                                                                                                                   by RMB195,000/RMB511,000
                                                                                                                   (2021: RMB544,000)

      Other unlisted            Black-Scholes model      Risk free rate                   2.26% (2021: 2.76%)   1% (2021:1%) increase/decrease in
      investment                                                                                                   risk free rate would result in
                                                                                                                   decrease/increase in fair value
                                                                                                                   by RMB5,000 (2021:RMB7,000)

                                                         Volatility                       44.0% (2021: 45.0%)   1% (2021:1%) increase/decrease in
                                                                                                                   volatility would result in
                                                                                                                   increase/decrease in fair value
                                                                                                                   by RMB25,000 (2021:
                                                                                                                   RMB33,000)

      Contingent                Monte Carlo Simulation   Volatility                       20.0%                 5% increase/decrease in volatility
      consideration                model                                                                           would result in decrease/
      included in other                                                                                            increase in GMV by
      payables and                                                                                                 RMB50,000/RMB51,000
      accruals and other
      non-current liabilities                            Discount rate                    15.0%                 1% increase/decrease in discount
                                                                                                                   would result in decrease/
                                                                                                                   increase in fair value by
                                                                                                                   RMB21,000/RMB24,000


      The discount for lack of marketability represents the amounts of premiums and discounts determined by the
      Group that market participants would take into account when pricing the investments.
200   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      37.   FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

            Fair value hierarchy

            The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments:

            Assets measured at fair value:

            As at March 31, 2022

                                                                            Fair value measurement using
                                                                          Quoted
                                                                     prices in        Significant      Significant
                                                                           active     observable     unobservable
                                                                         markets          inputs             inputs
                                                                         (Level 1)      (Level 2)        (Level 3)          Total
                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000


            Equity investment designated at fair value
                through other comprehensive income                             —               —            140,900      140,900
            Financial assets at fair value through
                profit or loss                                                 —               —        1,661,490       1,661,490
            Bills receivable                                                   —          14,285               —          14,285


                                                                               —          14,285        1,802,390       1,816,675


            As at March 31, 2021

                                                                             Fair value measurement using
                                                                Quoted prices          Significant      Significant
                                                                         in active     observable     unobservable
                                                                          markets          inputs             inputs
                                                                         (Level 1)       (Level 2)          (Level 3)       Total
                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000


            Equity investment designated at fair value
                through other comprehensive income                             —               —            163,212      163,212
            Financial assets at fair value through
                profit or loss                                                 —               —            984,456      984,456
            Bills receivable                                                   —          13,437                 —        13,437


                                                                               —          13,437        1,147,668       1,161,105
                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   201




                                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                March 31, 2022

37.   FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

      Fair value hierarchy (continued)

      Assets measured at fair value: (continued)

      The movements in fair value measurements within Level 3 during the year are as follows:

                                                                                             March 31,               March 31,
                                                                                                 2022                    2021
                                                                                              RMB’000                RMB’000


      Equity investments at fair value though profit or loss
      At 1 April                                                                                984,456                462,778
      Total gains recognized in profit or loss                                                  162,062                  55,290
      Purchases                                                                                 355,000                466,388
      Reclassified from investment in associate to financial assets at fair value
         through profit or loss                                                               1,050,168                       —
      Reclassified from financial assets at fair value through profit or loss to
         investment in associate                                                                (871,003)                     —
      Exchange realignment                                                                       (19,193)                     —


      At the end of the period                                                                1,661,490                984,456


                                                                                             March 31,               March 31,
                                                                                                 2022                    2021
                                                                                              RMB’000                RMB’000


      Equity investment at fair value though other comprehensive income
      At 1 April                                                                                163,212                173,456
      Total (losses)/gains recognized in other comprehensive income                              (17,177)                 2,695
      Exchange realignment                                                                        (5,135)               (12,939)


      At the end of the period                                                                  140,900                163,212
202   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      37.   FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

            Fair value hierarchy (continued)

            Liabilities measured at fair value:

            As at March 31, 2022

                                                                            Fair value measurement using
                                                                          Quoted
                                                                     prices in       Significant     Significant
                                                                           active    observable    unobservable
                                                                         markets         inputs            inputs
                                                                         (Level 1)     (Level 2)       (Level 3)       Total
                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000


            Contingent consideration included in
                other payables and accruals                                    —             —          106,431      106,431


            The Group did not have any financial liabilities measured at fair value as at March 31, 2021.

            During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no
            transfers into or out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (2021: Nil).

            Assets for which fair values are disclosed:

            As at March 31, 2022

                                                                            Fair value measurement using
                                                                          Quoted
                                                                     prices in       Significant     Significant
                                                                           active    observable    unobservable
                                                                         markets         inputs            inputs
                                                                         (Level 1)     (Level 2)       (Level 3)       Total
                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000


            Long-term receivables                                              —         11,213                 —     11,213
                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   203




                                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                March 31, 2022

37.   FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

      Fair value hierarchy (continued)

      Assets for which fair values are disclosed: (continued)

      As at March 31, 2021

                                                               Fair value measurement using
                                                            Quoted
                                                           prices in      Significant        Significant
                                                              active      observable       unobservable
                                                            markets            inputs             inputs
                                                           (Level 1)        (Level 2)          (Level 3)              Total
                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000            RMB’000              RMB’000

      Long-term receivables                                      —              9,127                   —               9,127


38.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

      The Group’s principal financial instruments comprise cash and term deposits. The Group has various other
      financial assets and liabilities such as trade receivables and trade payables, which arise directly from its
      operations.

      It is, and has been throughout the year under review, the Group’s policy that no trading in financial
      instruments shall be undertaken.

      The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are credit risk, foreign currency risk and liquidity
      risk. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and they are
      summarized below.

      Credit risk

      The Group trades only with recognized and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group’s policy that all
      customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. In addition,
      receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis.

      The credit risk of the Group’s other financial assets, which comprise cash and cash equivalents and other
      receivables, arises from default of the counterparty, with a maximum exposure equal to the carrying amounts of
      these instruments.

      Further quantitative data in respect of the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade receivables are
      disclosed in note 19 to the financial statements.

      The Group places its cash deposits with major international banks in Hong Kong and state-owned banks in
      Mainland China. This investment policy limits the Group’s exposure to concentrations of credit risk.
204   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      38.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Maximum exposure and year-end staging

            The tables below show the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group’s credit
            policy, which is mainly based on aging information unless other information is available without undue cost or
            effort, and year-end staging classification as at March 31. The amounts presented are gross carrying amounts
            for financial assets and the exposure to credit risk for the financial guarantee contracts.

                                                                     12-month
            As at March 31, 2022                                         ECLs                  Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                               Simplified
                                                                          Stage 1    Stage 2       Stage 3     approach         Total
                                                                         RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000


            Trade receivables*                                                 —          —              —       528,420       528,420
            Bills receivable                                               14,285         —              —            —         14,285
            Financial assets included in prepayments,
                other receivables and other assets
                — Normal**                                                510,942         —              —             —       510,942
                — Doubtful**                                                   —          —          6,760             —         6,760
            Restricted cash
                — Not yet past due                                         63,125         —              —             —        63,125
            Cash and cash equivalents
                — Not yet past due                                  10,547,851            —              —             —     10,547,851


                                                                    11,136,203            —          6,760       528,420     11,671,383



                                                                         12-month
            As at March 31, 2021                                             ECLs              Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                                Simplified
                                                                          Stage 1    Stage 2       Stage 3      approach         Total
                                                                         RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000


            Trade receivables*                                                 —          —              —       326,766       326,766
            Bills receivable                                               13,437         —              —            —         13,437
            Financial assets included in prepayments,
                other receivables and other assets
                — Normal**                                                409,229         —              —             —       409,229
                — Doubtful**                                                   —          —          6,760             —         6,760
            Restricted bank balances
                — Not yet past due                                         11,017         —              —             —        11,017
            Cash and cash equivalents
                — Not yet past due                                  11,636,769            —              —             —     11,636,769


                                                                    12,070,452            —          6,760       326,766     12,403,978
                                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report             205




                                                                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                                       March 31, 2022

38.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Maximum exposure and year-end staging (continued)

      *      For trade receivables to which the Group applies the simplified approach for impairment, information based on the provision matrix is
             disclosed in note 19 to the financial statements.


      **     The credit quality of the financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets is considered to be “normal” when
             they are not past due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk since initial
             recognition.


      Since the Group trades only with recognized and creditworthy third parties, there is no requirement for
      collateral. Concentrations of credit risk are managed by customer/counterparty, by geographical region and by
      industry sector. There are no significant concentrations of credit risk within the Group as the customer bases
      of the Group’s trade receivables are widely dispersed in different sectors and industries.

      Foreign currency risk

      The Group has transactional currency exposures. Such exposures arise from the Group’s cash and bank
      balances denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of the operating units.

      The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a reasonably possible
      change in the RMB exchange rate, with all other variables held constant, of the Group’s loss before tax (due to
      changes in the fair value of cash and bank balances).

                                                                                                                                          Increase/
                                                                                                                Increase/            (decrease) in
                                                                                                           (decrease) in               profit/(loss)
                                                                                                                RMB rate                 before tax
                                                                                                                           %               RMB’000


      2022
      If the Hong Kong dollar weakens against RMB                                                                           1                  (2,114)
      If the Hong Kong dollar strengthens against RMB                                                                      (1)                  2,114


      2021
      If the Hong Kong dollar weakens against RMB                                                                           1                   (7,676)
      If the Hong Kong dollar strengthens against RMB                                                                      (1)                  7,676
206   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      38.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

            Liquidity risk

            The Group monitors its risk to a shortage of funds using a recurring liquidity planning tool. This tool considers
            the maturity of both its financial instruments and financial assets (e.g., trade receivables) and projected cash
            flows from operations.

            The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period, based on the
            contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:

            As at March 31, 2022

                                                                              Less than
                                                                            1 year or on
                                                                                demand      Over 1 year              Total
                                                                               RMB’000        RMB’000            RMB’000


            Trade and bills payables                                           3,528,597             —          3,528,597
            Financial liabilities included in other payables and
                accruals                                                         396,337        106,363           502,700
            Lease liabilities                                                     56,865         82,050           138,915


                                                                               3,981,799        188,413         4,170,212


            As at March 31, 2021

                                                                         Less than 1 year
                                                                           or on demand     Over 1 year               Total
                                                                                RMB’000       RMB’000            RMB’000


            Trade and bills payables                                           2,551,550             —          2,551,550
            Financial liabilities included in other payables and
                accruals                                                         238,197             —            238,197
            Lease liabilities                                                     26,662         18,130             44,792


                                                                               2,816,409         18,130         2,834,539
                                                             ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report   207




                                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                            March 31, 2022

38.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Capital management

      The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern
      while maximizing the return to stakeholders through the optimization of the debt and equity balance. The
      Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from that of the prior year.

      The capital structure of the Group consists of equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising issued
      share capital and reserves.

      The directors of the Company review the capital structure on a regular basis. As part of this review, the
      directors consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on
      recommendations of the directors, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through new issues of
      shares.
208   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      March 31, 2022

      39.   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

            Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period is as
            follows:

                                                                                           March 31,           March 31,
                                                                                               2022                2021
                                                                                            RMB’000            RMB’000


            NON-CURRENT ASSETS
            Investments in subsidiaries                                                   34,139,037         33,846,096
            Due from subsidiaries                                                           8,249,684          8,623,399


            Total non-current assets                                                      42,388,721         42,469,495


            CURRENT ASSETS
            Prepayments and other receivables                                                  86,115             36,769
            Other intangible assets                                                               169                176
            Cash and cash equivalents                                                           6,903              2,886


            Total current assets                                                               93,187             39,831


            CURRENT LIABILITIES
            Other payables and accruals                                                        26,035             27,399
            Due to subsidiaries                                                                12,008              7,556


            Total current liabilities                                                          38,043             34,955


            NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                                 55,144              4,876


            TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                         42,443,865         42,474,371


            Net assets                                                                    42,443,865         42,474,371


            EQUITY
            Share capital                                                                     119,102            118,859
            Treasury shares                                                                   (23,516)           (22,265)
            Reserves                                                                      42,348,279         42,377,777


            Total equity                                                                  42,443,865         42,474,371
                                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report            209




                                                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                                       March 31, 2022

39.   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)

      A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:

                                                                                                               Employee
                                                            Share                                Exchange    share-based
                                                         premium      Capital     Contributed   fluctuation compensation      Accumulated
                                                          account     reserve         surplus      reserve#       reserve          losses        Total
                                                Notes    RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000       RMB’000


      At March 31, 2020                                 22,344,732     10,752          57,741     210,919         210,730       (1,036,448)   21,798,426


      Loss for the year                                         —          —               —            —               —          (13,015)      (13,015)
      Translation from functional currency to
          presentation currency                                 —          —               —      (522,728)             —               —       (522,728)


      Total comprehensive loss for the year                     —          —               —      (522,728)             —          (13,015)     (535,743)
      Issue of new shares                               20,698,113         —               —            —               —               —     20,698,113
      Exercise of share options                            114,809         —               —            —          (38,414)             —         76,395
      Share-based compensation expenses                         —          —               —            —         341,467               —        341,467
      Vested awarded shares transferred to
           employees                             28       123,627      25,326              —            —        (149,834)              —           (881)


      At March 31, 2021                                 43,281,281     36,078          57,741     (311,809)       363,949       (1,049,463)   42,377,777


      Loss for the year                                         —          —               —            —               —          (11,899)      (11,899)
      Translation from functional currency to
          presentation currency                                 —          —               —      (337,121)             —               —       (337,121)


      Total comprehensive loss for the year                     —          —               —      (337,121)             —          (11,899)     (349,020)
      Exercise of share options                            14,792          —               —            —          (5,123)              —          9,669
      Share-based compensation expenses                        —           —               —            —         293,244               —        293,244
      Vested awarded shares transferred to
           employees                             28       203,824      22,574              —            —        (209,789)              —         16,609


      At March 31, 2022                                 43,499,897     58,652          57,741     (648,930)       442,281       (1,061,362)   42,348,279



      #
               The exchange fluctuation reserve represents the difference arising from translating the financial statements from HK$ into RMB, the
               Group’s presentation currency.


40.   APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      The financial statements were approved and authorized for issue by the board of directors on May 25, 2022.
210   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited 2022 Annual Report




      FINANCIAL SUMMARY

                                                                                 Year ended March 31,
                                                               2022           2021             2020           2019         2018
                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000


      RESULTS


      Revenue                                          20,577,616        15,518,468        9,596,476     5,095,867     2,442,618


      Profit/(loss) before tax                            (252,514)        401,219            9,094         (60,830)     (95,145)


      Income tax expense                                    (13,427)        (58,539)         (24,790)       (30,934)     (13,889)


      Profit/(loss) for the year                          (265,941)        342,680           (15,696)       (91,764)    (109,034)


      Attributable to:
         Owners of the parent                             (265,555)        348,588            (6,586)       (81,949)    (106,974)
         Non-controlling interests                             (386)         (5,908)          (9,110)        (9,815)      (2,060)


                                                          (265,941)        342,680           (15,696)       (91,764)    (109,034)


                                                                                       As at March 31,
                                                               2022           2021             2020           2019         2018
                                                         RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000


      ASSETS AND LIABILITIES


      Total assets                                     19,201,969        17,739,204        7,869,972     5,981,885     3,110,977
      Total liabilities                                 (5,129,737)      (3,457,600)      (2,667,457)    (3,245,059)    (587,920)


                                                       14,072,232        14,281,604        5,202,515     2,736,826     2,523,057


      Equity attributable to
         owners of the parent                          14,098,419        14,301,950        5,269,145     2,794,519     2,580,248
         Non-controlling interests                          (26,187)        (20,346)         (66,630)       (57,693)     (57,191)


                                                       14,072,232        14,281,604        5,202,515     2,736,826     2,523,057
