                                        ALIBABA HEALTH INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY LIMITED
       ALIBABA HEALTH                                                                   ALIBABA HEALTH
       Information Technology Limited                                                   Information Technology Limited
             阿里健康信息技術有限公司                                                               阿里健康信息技術有限公司
                                                                                        (Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)
2019                                                                                    Stock code: 00241
                                                                                                                                                    2019
年報                                                                                                                                         ANNUAL REPORT




                                        阿里健康信息技術有限公司




                                        ANNUAL REPORT 2019
CONTENTS

Corporate Information 2
Chairman’s Statement 3
Management Discussion and Analysis 5
Directors’ Report 28
Biographical Information of Directors and Senior Management 56
Corporate Governance Report 60
Risk Management and Internal Control 72
Environmental, Social and Governance Report 81
Independent Auditor’s Report 110
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss 117
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Loss 118
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 119
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 121
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 123
Notes to Financial Statements 126
Financial Summary 240
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




CORPORATE INFORMATION

BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                   AUDITOR
                                                     Ernst & Young
Executive Directors                                  Certified Public Accountants
Mr. SHEN Difan (Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. WANG Qiang                                       REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                     Canon’s Court
Non-executive Directors                              22 Victoria Street
Mr. WU Yongming (Chairman)                           Hamilton HM 12
Mr. WANG Lei                                         Bermuda
Ms. ZHANG Yu
                                                     PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN HONG KONG
Independent Non-executive Directors                  26/F, Tower One
Mr. LUO Tong                                         Times Square
Mr. WONG King On, Samuel                             1 Matheson Street
                                                     Causeway Bay
Audit Committee                                      Hong Kong
Mr. WONG King On, Samuel (Chairman)
Mr. LUO Tong                                         PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR (IN BERMUDA)
                                                     Estera Management (Bermuda) Ltd.
Remuneration Committee                               Canon’s Court
Mr. WU Yongming                                      22 Victoria Street
Mr. WONG King On, Samuel                             Hamilton HM 12
                                                     Bermuda
Nomination Committee
Mr. WU Yongming (Chairman)                           BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR (IN HONG KONG)
Mr. LUO Tong                                         Tricor Secretaries Limited
Mr. WONG King On, Samuel                             Level 22, Hopewell Centre
                                                     183 Queen’s Road East
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES
                                                     Hong Kong
Mr. SHEN Difan
Ms. LEW Aishan, Nicole                               PRINCIPAL BANKERS
                                                     China CITIC Bank International Limited
COMPANY SECRETARY
                                                     The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking
Ms. LEW Aishan, Nicole
                                                       Corporation Limited
                                                     China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
LEGAL ADVISOR
                                                     Bank of Ningbo Co., Ltd.
H. M. Chan & Co in association with Taylor Wessing
                                                     JPMorgan Chase Bank
                                                     Agricultural Bank of China

                                                     COMPANY WEBSITE
                                                     www.irasia.com/listco/hk/alihealth/




02
                                                                                    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                           2019 Annual Report




                                                                        CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

Dear Shareholders,

“The wise adapts to change.” In 2018, the PRC government’s successive introduction of supporting national policies
for the medical and pharmaceutical sector, the rapid evolution of technologies (including cloud computing, Internet of
Things and artificial intelligence), the demand for digitalization upgrade and operating model transformation among
traditional medical institutions and pharmaceutical enterprises, as well as people’s diversified pursuits of healthy living
together provided the right timing and favorable background and social conditions. Alibaba Health decisively seized
the opportunity and accurately rode the trends to continue to create value for the country and the public in the
healthcare sector.

“It is only the farmer who faithfully plants seeds in the Spring, who reaps a harvest in the Autumn.” The financial
data in our annual results announcement bear testament to the results we have achieved after a year of hard work.
As Alibaba Group’s healthcare flagship, we are pleased to see rapid year-on-year growth of revenue and gross profit.
Meanwhile, the continued business injection by Alibaba Group and our strategic cooperation with Ant Financial during
the year has also laid a solid foundation for our further strategic development.

2018 was a milestone year for China’s medical and healthcare industry. It has been ten years since the launch of the
“New Medical Reform” program in 2009. Implementation of new policies involving the healthcare, medical insurance
and pharmaceutical industries in the previous year not only provided direction for the industries’ future development,
but also ushered in many new opportunities for us.

Alibaba Health is currently engaged in, among other areas, pharmaceutical and healthcare product sales, consumer
healthcare, internet healthcare and intelligent medicine businesses. In 2018, the State Council successively
promulgated various relevant supporting policies, including the Opinions on Promoting the Development of “Internet +
Healthcare” (《關於促進「互聯網+醫療健康」發展的意見》) and the Trial Notice on the Tiered Evaluation Standards for
Hospital Smart Services (《關於醫院智慧服務分級評估標準體系（試行）的通知》). At the same time, reforms such as
“separating prescription and dispensation”, implementation of the “4+7” centralized drug procurement solution and
consistent evaluation of generic drugs greatly expanded the ex-hospital drug circulation market and its future growth
potential. With regards to drug regulation, stronger comprehensive supervision of drugs and vaccines were again
emphasized in the Report on the Work of the Government 2019 (《2019年政府工作報告》). These policies respond to
social needs and also objectively prove the reasonableness of Alibaba Health’s business deployment, thereby
strengthening our confidence and resolve.

To capitalize on such trends, we continued to consolidate the foundation of our pharmaceutical e-commerce
business during the year. Through the acquisition of the e-commerce platform business in relation to the categories
of medical devices and healthcare products, sexual health and family planning products, contact lens, and medical
and healthcare services from Alibaba Group, our business now covers all categories of Tmall Pharmacy. Our gross
merchandise volume (GMV) for the year exceeded RMB59.5 billion while annual active consumers exceeded 130
million. During the same period, we launched the “emergency drug delivery” service in 105 cities nationwide,
continuing our committed investment in online-to-offline (O2O) business.




                                                                                                                             03
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT


With great power comes great responsibility, we fully understand our role in helping to ensure medication safety.
During the year, we continued to share our decade-established experience in drug and vaccine tracking technology
with, and offer our Ma Shang Fang Xin* (碼上放心) query platform to, the public, and participated in various
initiatives to address urgent consumer needs for the public good.

In the past year, we identified strong end-user demand against the backdrop of consumption upgrade. In response
to the popularization and demand for preventive treatment and the pursuit of health and beauty as life ideologies, the
Group has been committed to optimizing our operations in consumer healthcare businesses such as aesthetic
medicine, physical examination, vaccination and oral health. By placing emphasis on the regulation of the consumer
healthcare market and products, we offer users safe, professional and transparent medical and healthcare services.
We aim to continually enhance industry service standards in general, build a desirable business environment and
contribute to the sound and sustainable development of the whole industry.

We fully understand the pain points of the medical sector, including unsatisfactory medical treatment experience,
unreasonable medical resource allocation and the shortage of clinicians at the basic level. In view of the above, we
strive to improve user experience and increase efficiency using Internet technology, so that patients can experience
online consultation, offline treatment and health management smoothly and conveniently. In addition, we proactively
cooperate with governments, hospitals, research institutes, colleges and other external organizations to explore the
intelligent medicine business based on digital information, artificial intelligence and big data technologies. We
therefore promote breakthrough developments in China’s medical service and medical technology industries with the
aim of contributing to the progress of national medical reform by improving the supply of medical resources and
reducing the cost of medical services.

Shareholders, in this ever-changing era, Alibaba Health aims to fully leverage on our own advantages and strengths
in terms of platform and technology, to collaborate with leading industry players and business partners towards
changing the future.

Finally, I would like to take this opportunity to express my sincere gratitude to our shareholders, business partners,
users, and all of our staff for their long and unwavering support!




WU Yongming
Chairman

May 16, 2019

* For identification purpose only




04
                                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report




                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

INDUSTRY OVERVIEW

In 2018, China’s national economy continued to grow steadily within a reasonable range with a year-on-year
increase in gross domestic product (GDP) of 6.6% for the year, achieving the RMB90 trillion milestone for the first
time. This has provided a solid foundation for the stable development of various industries, including the medical and
healthcare industry. 2018 was also a milestone year for China’s medical and healthcare industry. It has been ten
years since the launch of the “New Medical Reform” program in 2009. Based on the guiding ideology of the
“tripartite medical reform” (medical care, medical insurance and pharmaceutical industries), China continued to
explore and make breakthroughs in the highly complicated and difficult area of medical reform in the past year. The
concurrent launch of new policies in respect of the medical care, medical insurance and pharmaceutical industries
provided direction for the industries’ future development and ushered in many new opportunities.

As one of the important components of medical reform, reform in China’s drug supply side continued to intensify and
in the process, the structure of the drug retail market was further optimized with the aim of achieving sustainable
development. The Opinions on Promoting the Development of “Internet + Healthcare” (《關於促進「互聯網+醫療健康」
發展的意見》) issued by the General Office of the State Council in April 2018 set out the development direction of
“Internet + Drug Circulation”, and encouraged “the regulated development of Internet drug sales and medical logistics
and distribution through the inter-connection and real-time sharing of prescription information from medical and
healthcare institutions and retail information on drug consumption”. Meanwhile, reform in relation to “separating
prescription and dispensation” was further intensified. Policies prohibiting the entrustment of hospital pharmacy
operations were issued successively in various provinces and municipalities, with the aim of breaking the practice of
“subsidizing medical services through drug dispensations”. At the national level, reform measures such as the “4+7”
centralized drug procurement solution and consistent evaluation of generic drugs further facilitated and promoted the
“outflow of prescription drugs” on top of the structural optimization of medical insurance payment, which also greatly
expanded the ex-hospital drug circulation market and its future growth potential. With regards to drug regulation,
following the issue of the Guiding Opinions of the China Drug Administration on the Construction of IT-Based Drug
Tracking Systems (《國家藥監局關於藥品信息化追溯體系建設的指導意見》) in November 2018, the Premier once again
emphasized stronger comprehensive supervision of drugs and vaccines in the Report on the Work of the
Government 2019 (《2019年政府工作報告》) during the “two sessions” in 2019. These initiatives will further advance
the construction of drug tracking systems and the sustainable development of related industries.




                                                                                                                         05
 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
 2019 Annual Report




 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


 In 2018, Internet healthcare was expressly supported at the national level and was finally regulated by law.
 According to the relevant data of the National Health Commission of the PRC, the number of medical treatments
 received in China reached 8.31 billion in 2018, representing an increase of nearly three times from a decade ago.
 Although there was significant progress made in the construction of medical teams in the same period, given
 people’s continual growing healthcare needs and compared to the level of supply of doctors in developed countries,
 China still faces issues such as shortages and an uneven distribution of physicians and needs better ways and
 quality of delivering medical services. The implementation of the Internet healthcare policy will pave the way for the
 downward extension of quality medical resources from developed regions and the promotion of optimal allocation of
 medical resources, and drive and direct the healthy development of China’s Internet healthcare industry. Meanwhile,
 China also strengthened its supervision of Internet healthcare operations and Internet healthcare supervision platforms
 were launched in places such as Zhejiang and Guangdong, which have put forward new requirements in relation to
 the information technology levels of medical institutions. Policies such as the Opinions on Strengthening Performance
 Appraisal in Class III Public Hospitals (《關於加強三級公立醫院績效考核工作的意見》) issued in January 2019 and the
 Trial Notice on the Tiered Evaluation Standards for Hospital Smart Services (《關於醫院智慧服務分級評估標準體系
（試行）的通知》) issued in March 2019 will effectively promote the long-term development of digital technology-related
 industries, including “Internet + remote healthcare”, medical AI and Internet of Things.

 According to statistics and estimates from relevant organizations, the overall market size of China’s consumer
 healthcare industry, including aesthetic medicine, oral health, physical examination, vaccination and maternity,
 exceeded RMB560 billion in 2018 and will continue to increase at a compound annual growth rate of nearly 20% in
 the next five years. Strong end-user demand and continual industry supply-demand optimization will make the
 consumer healthcare sector a new growth driver of the medical and healthcare industry in the future.

 BUSINESS REVIEW

 As the healthcare flagship of Alibaba Group Holding Limited (“Alibaba Holding”, together with its subsidiaries,
 “Alibaba Group”), the Group, whose mission is to “make good health achievable at the fingertips”, has been
 strengthening the foundation of its healthcare business and actively planning for its future. With its vision of
 “facilitating medicine through big data and using the Internet to change the face of healthcare to provide fair,
 affordable and accessible medical and healthcare services to 1 billion people”, the Group has been striving to
 expand its pharmaceutical and healthcare product and service sales business, actively expand its Internet-based
 medical platform, optimize its product and service offerings, explore intelligent medicine by using AI and Internet of
 Things technologies, and develop its consumer healthcare business.




 06
                                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                     2019 Annual Report




                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Pharmaceutical and healthcare product and service sales business

The Group has been actively utilizing Internet technologies to build an omni-channel healthcare product and service
supply and new retail system that covers the whole industry chain. Capitalizing on its established online platform
strengths and its thorough understanding of the market and users, the Group connects upstream industry chain
players (e.g. manufacturers and leading distributors) to offline pharmaceutical retail chains to facilitate product
circulation along the whole chain and strives to offer quality and diversified products and services to downstream
players and consumers at competitive prices in a convenient manner. A comprehensive supply system helps to boost
up efficiency in the supply chain by bringing manufacturers, distributors and consumers closer together so that
manufacturers can deliver their professional services more directly to consumers. Such enhanced connection is
conducive to serving consumers as well as exploring and creating new consumption demand.

During the year, the Group continued to actively expand its cooperation with quality upstream brands. As at the end
of the year, a number of well-known international pharmaceutical companies, including AstraZeneca, SANOFI, Merck
and Pfizer, have established strategic partnerships with Alibaba Health. Meanwhile, the Group has also established
key business partnerships with about 40 pharmaceutical and nutritional product brands, including Dong-E E-Jiao (東
阿阿膠), Mayinglong (馬應龍), Jiuzhitang (九芝堂) and other renowned national brands.

•    Pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business

     In June 2017, the Group acquired the health food category e-commerce platform business from Alibaba Group.
     During the year, the Group further acquired the e-commerce platform business in relation to the categories of
     medical devices and healthcare products, sexual health and family planning products, contact lenses, and
     medical and healthcare services from Alibaba Group. The Group’s pharmaceutical e-commerce platform
     business now covers all categories of the Tmall Pharmacy platform^ (天貓醫藥館) through the above
     acquisitions or by way of provision of outsourced and value-added services.

     During the year, the gross merchandise volume (GMV) generated by Tmall Pharmacy platform as operated by
     the Group was approximately RMB59.5 billion. Annual active consumers of Tmall Pharmacy platform
     (consumers who made one or more actual purchase(s) on Tmall Pharmacy platform in the past 12 months) for
     the year ended March 31, 2019 exceeded 130 million. In October 2018, the Group entered into an agreement
     with Taobao China Holding Limited to provide outsourced and value-added services such as merchant
     business development, customer service for merchants, marketing event planning and technical support for
     certain healthcare products on the Tmall Global platform (www.tmall.hk) and Tmall Supermarket
     (chaoshi.tmall.com). The provision of such services will help enrich the product categories provided by the
     Group and contribute more revenue in the future.




                                                                                                                       07
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


       As the GMV generated from and the number of users of Tmall Pharmacy platform continued to grow, the
       Group implemented a number of innovative marketing initiatives to empower merchants of the platform in
       different categories during the year. As a result, we were able to further consolidate and enhance our
       platform’s influence in the industry while continuing to optimize the industry’s ecology. Taking the contact lens
       sector as an example, we promoted and popularized knowledge relating to contacts lens usage scenarios and
       good habits through consumer-focused healthcare education and the introduction of popular brands from
       overseas. Meanwhile, by assisting our partner chain retailers in the information technology upgrade and
       modification of their offline stores to enhance inventory and customer management standards, we were able to
       foster the healthy development of the contact lens sector, and also increase the Group’s absolute influence in
       the industry. With regards to the nutritional products sector, in response to severe homogenization of certain
       products and lacking product standards, we took the initiative to formulate Tmall “best choice” industry
       standards to serve as the basis of consumer product selection. As a result, we were able to further discover
       and unleash consumption demand to foster industry development while building on promoting product and
       market standardization and enhancing user experience.

      Future prospects

       There is extensive room for the sustainable growth of the Group’s pharmaceutical e-commerce platform
       business. As China’s largest pharmaceutical e-commerce platform, the Group will continue to benefit from the
       increased online penetration rate of pharmaceutical e-commerce product sales. In the future, the Group will
       coordinate with partners and enterprises to further enrich the platform’s product offerings and innovate
       marketing methods. By increasing the utilization of our brand development center and strategy center, we will
       be able to carry out precise identification of, and more detailed operations in relation to, target consumers, to
       help the platform’s merchants achieve scale and performance, thereby realizing sustainable growth and
       considerable revenue for the Group. As Tmall’s user base and scale continue to grow, the Group will also
       benefit and leverage on the opportunity to continue to grow the customer base of the Tmall Pharmacy
       platform.




08
                                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                      2019 Annual Report




                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•   Pharmaceutical self-operated business

    During the year, the Group’s pharmaceutical self-operated healthcare product and service sales business
    maintained rapid revenue growth. Fueled by the Group’s further extension of its branding advantage, our
    business team’s continual accumulation of operational experience and its efficient execution, as at March 31,
    2019, our self-operated online stores (AliHealth Pharmacy^ (阿里健康大藥房) and AliHealth Overseas Flagship
    Store^ (阿里健康海外旗艦店)) accumulated more than 27 million annual active consumers (consumers who
    made one or more actual purchase(s) on our self-operated online stores in the past 12 months), suggesting
    more than 90% year-on-year growth. During the year, we continued our efforts to diversify our product
    categories. Not only did we add more types of over-the-counter (OTC) and imported products, but we also
    introduced new categories such as maternal, infant and cosmeceutical products, to satisfy different needs of
    the consumers. We also provided value-added services, including brand promotion, member management and
    supply chain optimization, for over 30 core brands to help them reach out to more consumers, and increase
    their brand influence and market share. At the same time, we continued to work on optimizing supply chain
    and enhancing efficiency. By increasing the proportion of direct supply from brands, and enhancing the
    complementary system and service capabilities in terms of warehousing, delivery and customer service, our
    business team maintained effective control over our increasingly diversified products and our service quality. At
    the same time, we also improved our recognition and understanding of the individual needs of our continually
    expanding consumer base.

    Future prospects

    Since its launch in September 2016, the Group’s self-operated business has maintained strong growth
    momentum. As a young Internet healthcare enterprise in the promising pharmaceutical retail industry, the Group
    has the potential to grow rapidly. In the future, we will leverage on the supply of differentiated products,
    professional quality examination and control procedures, quality warehousing, delivery and customer services to
    continue to improve the shopping experience and loyalty of our existing customer base. Meanwhile, we will
    maximize the utilization of traffic resources from various portals of Alibaba Group to continually acquire new
    customers and expand our customer base. In recent years, frequent capital market activities in the national
    pharmacy chain market have accelerated industry consolidation. As a result, the Group will benefit from
    increased market concentration. With the launch and implementation of relevant policies such as that of “4+7”
    bulk purchase procurement, as well as accelerated “prescription outflows”, which together have significantly
    expanded the drug retail market outside of hospitals, the Group will also make active strategic deployments to
    capitalize on this unprecedented opportunity.




                                                                                                                        09
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•      New retail model

       Based on an online-to-offline (O2O) business model, the Group continued its active in-depth exploration of the
       development strategy and path of its pharmaceutical new retail business. In August 2018, the Group launched
       24-hour express delivery trial services in Hangzhou to deliver drugs “within 30 minutes during the day and
       within 1 hour at night”, which were well-received by consumers and enterprises at large. At the beginning of
       2019, the Group launched intelligent pharmaceutical vending machines in Hangzhou and Guangzhou on a trial
       basis, to satisfy the need for express night-time drug delivery. In March 2019, as a key part of the upgrade
       process in Alibaba Group’s establishment of Wuhan as the first “New Retail Town” in Central China, the Group
       cooperated with Koubei and Ele.Me to jointly empower Hubei Tianji Pharmacy^ (湖北天濟大藥房) to experiment
       with the new chain pharmacy retail points and successfully rolled out a 24/7 drug delivery service in Wuhan.
       The service has been lauded by Internet users as the most heartwarming new retail delivery service, and has
       become an iconic convenience service in Alibaba Group’s “New Retail Town”.

       By the end of the year, based on the success of Hangzhou, we have expanded the 24/7 30-minute drug
       delivery service to a total of five cities, including Beijing, Guangzhou, Shenzhen and Wuhan. At the same time,
       we launched the “emergency drug delivery” service in 105 cities nationwide, and will roll this out to more cities
       in the future. During the year, the Group deepened its cooperation with OTC brands such as Dong-E E-Jiao, to
       continuously explore the new retail model and connect online to offline to provide an omni-channel, multi-
       scenario service experience that will enable the revitalization of traditional brands.

       The Group also actively invested in the offline pharmaceutical retail market. Currently, we have already
       strategically invested in regionally leading pharmaceutical chains including Anhui Huaren Health^ (安徽華人健康),
       Shandong ShuYu Civilian^ (山東漱玉平民), Guizhou Ensure^ (貴州一樹) and Gansu Deshengtang^ (甘肅德生堂)
       for full business cooperation. Going forward, the Group will strengthen its cooperation with its offline partners
       to forge an integrated online and offline omni-channel sales network, upgrade the new pharmaceutical retail
       system and expand the pharmacies’ service capabilities, to provide an improved service experience to
       consumers.

      Future prospects

       The Group will continue to accumulate and learn from its experience and further explore and develop the new
       pharmaceutical retail sector by innovating the retail elements of people, goods and scenarios. We will seek to
       cover and assist more traditional brands not only to become a quality sales channel for them, but also to
       provide strong support for their brand-building, product innovation and customer services. At the same time,
       we will also enable pharmaceutical new retail through technology, using the promotion of intelligent
       pharmaceutical vending machines as a starting point. While helping pharmacies to lower costs and increase
       efficiency, we will further nurture and develop buying pharmaceutical products online as a consumer habit, so
       as to lay the foundation for the larger chronic illness drug delivery market.




10
                                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report




                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


•   Tracking business

    The Group is committed to building the Ma Shang Fang Xin^ (碼上放心) tracking platform into the largest
    pharmaceutical cloud in China. Leveraging the strong computational and data processing capacity of Alibaba
    Cloud, the platform is capable of processing megasized big data and supporting several hundred thousand
    corporate users at the same time with its sound compatibility, accessibility and security. Extensive utilization of
    Ma Shang Fang Xin platform helps to bring online, digitize and improve the transparency of, the pharmaceutical
    supply chain, and to provide basic tools and value-added services to pharmaceutical industry participants for
    their daily management and online and offline integration, which include drug tracking and recall, channel
    management, patient education, vaccine cold chain tracking and medical insurance premium control.

    As at the end of the year, the number of pharmaceutical manufacturers which had signed up to and renewed
    subscriptions to the Group’s Ma Shang Fang Xin platform accounted for more than 85% of the total number of
    pharmaceutical manufacturers in China. In particular, coverage of key categories in China such as vaccines was
    over 95%. Leveraging on and utilizing the accumulated data of the Ma Shang Fang Xin platform and the
    Group’s technological capability, the Group joined in various initiatives for public good to address urgent
    consumer needs during the year. Following the Changsheng Bio-Technology vaccines incident in July 2018, the
    Group launched a quick search service for vaccines and rolled out the vaccine quick search tool online within
    20 hours, with the webpage recording over 26 million visits in just three days. In March 2019, the Group and
    its partners commenced its third expired drug collection campaign for households across the country, using the
    tracking service to aid public good, and providing greater security and assurance to consumers at large in the
    use of pharmaceutical products.

    Future prospects

    The tracking business acts as infrastructure for the Group’s pharmaceutical business, and its future
    development will continue to benefit from the relevant regulatory policies newly introduced by the government
    and increasing consumer needs. The Group will follow the new policies and continue its construction and
    development of the Ma Shang Fang Xin platform. Leveraging our tracking capability, we will provide more
    parties engaged in the pharmaceutical sector with service assurance in respect of safety and compliance and
    channel management, etc. At the same time, we will continue our support of public initiatives, promote
    consumer education, and further enhance Alibaba Health’s brand and business promotion on the foundation of
    providing consumers with more convenient and efficient drug information query tools.

    Consumer healthcare business

    The Group’s consumer healthcare business covers segments such as aesthetic medicine, oral health,
    vaccination and physical examination. We are committed to forging an entire ecological chain in the industry in
    the long run. On this basis, we will reshape the consumer healthcare environment and provide consumers with
    convenient, reliable, transparent and localized professional medical services.




                                                                                                                         11
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


       During the year, the Group’s consumer healthcare business grew rapidly with GMV increasing by more than
       140% year-on-year. During Tmall’s “Singles Day” and other shopping festivals, consumer healthcare GMV grew
       explosively at a rate that was among the highest across all Tmall industry categories. Having fully rationalized
       the consumer healthcare industry chain and based on our in-depth understanding of the consumer healthcare
       business, we continued to focus on channel establishment, content operation and the development of quality
       brands and merchants. During the year, building on the foundation of our operations on mobile Taobao, we
       tapped into high-traffic portals such as Alipay, DingTalk and Koubei to integrate quality consumer healthcare
       services into other daily scenarios and created a localized mode for mobile Taobao’s daily life services, which
       significantly improved our operational efficiency. We also strengthened the building and operation of consumer
       healthcare content and developed content-based shopping scenarios, including VLOG store visit videos, beauty
       diaries and fun games, to increase user interaction as well as consolidate and expand our user base by
       altering and optimizing the traditional shelf-based sales model. At the service delivery level, we also actively
       developed and introduced quality merchants. By opening overseas healthcare channels, we signed on dozens
       of quality institutions from Japan and Korea to offer more than a hundred types of quality healthcare services.

       In the upstream industry chain, we connected with and brought in a series of internationally renowned quality
       brands relevant to the various business segments that our consumer healthcare business currently covers. In
       the aesthetic medicine segment, we deepened our cooperation with Allergan, a leading pharmaceutical
       company in the world, to establish an authenticity tracking system for Juvederm and BOTOX, which helped its
       brands to accumulate over ten million targeted customers. In the vaccination segment, we established
       partnerships with Merck Sharp&Dohme, GlaxoSmithKline and Sanofi Pasteur. In the oral health segment, we
       built an online platform for oral health content with Invisalign, a leading aligner brand in the world, to educate
       users in an interactive way through activities such as video Q&A sessions, to promote oral health consultation
       digitization as well as consumption upgrade.

       During the year, the Group also made progress with service extension and model innovation in the physical
       examination segment. We are committed to strengthening a service mentality in the physical examination
       industry. We became the first to create the “examine first and pay later” model on Alipay by granting micro-
       credit to users for physical examination, which has made us become the preferred choice for most consumers.
       Moreover, we offer basic protection for users of physical examination services by customizing industry
       insurance coverage to achieve service upgrade through the entire process from appointment and examination
       to post-examination health assurance.




12
                                                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report




                                                             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Future prospects

The improving living standards of Chinese people, the demand for consumption upgrade, as well as the
popularization and advocacy of preventive treatment and the pursuit of health and beauty as life ideologies
provide huge room for the development of the Group’s consumer healthcare business. Going forward, we will
continue to introduce quality healthcare service brands and merchants. By strengthening content operation and
consumer education, we will assist consumers to select good service providers, find authentic products and
identify and obtain quality and economical consumer healthcare services. Meanwhile, we will also empower our
merchants with platform, data, customer service, technology, user management and other related capabilities to
help them realize the ability to continually accumulate and maintain customers as well as to build operation and
management capabilities, thereby enhancing the service standards of the industry in general, building a
desirable business environment and contributing to the sound and sustainable development of the whole
industry.

Internet healthcare business

During the year, the Group relied on the previously established Alibaba Health Network Hospital Limited^ (阿里
健康網絡醫院有限公司) to organize professionals such as medical practitioners, pharmacists and nutritionists to
provide multi-faceted, multi-level, professional and convenient health consultation services and guidance for,
among others, Taobao, Tmall and Alipay end-users. As at the end of the year, over 24,000 medical
practitioners, pharmacists and nutritionists had signed up with the Group to provide online health consultation
services, with more than 15,000 of those attending, being associate chief or chief physicians.

The Group provides an array of medical and healthcare services to users through Alipay and further
strengthened its cooperation with Ant Financial during the year. In November 2018, the Group entered into a
strategic cooperation agreement with Alipay to establish an exclusive and independent healthcare channel for
Alipay users and to be fully responsible for managing the healthcare industry partners featured on such
channel. As at the end of the year, Alipay had over 9,000 contracted medical institutions, including more than
3,000 Class II and Class III hospitals. Since the Group became fully responsible for the management of such
medical and healthcare service channel and the healthcare industry partners, the number of users in the
hospital scenarios covered by the products operated by the Group grew rapidly. In March 2019, the number of
monthly active users using the medical and healthcare services operated by the Group in hospital scenarios
exceeded 12 million.




                                                                                                                   13
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


       The Group has been working to enhance supply and efficiency using technology to satisfy users’ needs for
       offline treatment, online consultation and convenient healthcare management. During the year, we made good
       progress in relation to Internet healthcare. In January 2019, the “Zhejiang Internet Hospital Platform”, which was
       constructed by Zhejiang Bianque Health Data Technology Co., Ltd^ (浙江扁鵲健康數據技術有限公司) (“Zhejiang
       Bianque”), a company jointly invested by the Group and Ant Financial, was officially launched. This is the first
       Internet hospital platform in China that integrates supervision and service capabilities (business-to-government-
       to-business-to-consumer) (B2G2B2C), achieving a significant milestone in the field of Internet healthcare. The
       platform serves as the main gateway to Internet hospitals and Internet consultation services in Zhejiang
       Province and consists of a service sub-platform and a supervision sub-platform. The patient-oriented service
       sub-platform acts as a unified gateway to Internet hospital services on Alipay. The supervision sub-platform is
       the platform for competent authorities to supervise the process before, during and after Internet consultation
       activities are carried out by medical institutions. From the beginning of the year to April 2019, more than 20
       medical institutions, including Class III A hospitals, have been registered on the platform, and applications from
       more than 300 medical institutions have been received. The “Zhejiang Internet Hospital Platform” has become a
       model project of the National Health Commission of the PRC as a result of its professional operation and
       healthy development. In March 2019, the Group jointly announced a future hospital project with Alipay and
       Wuhan Central Hospital (Class III A). The project started by the Group will improve the hospital’s operational
       efficiency, effectively address patients’ difficulties in seeking medical treatment and enhance their experience by
       making all the onsite consultation processes available online. Furthermore, the project integrates many of the
       capabilities of Alibaba Group to provide patients with inclusive features and services, including online
       registration, waiting reminders, examination report viewing and online payment from medical insurance pooled
       accounts. The Group’s innovative closed-loop design also enables patients to seek remote video follow-up
       consultations and obtain their medicines without leaving their homes.

       During the year, the Group continued to build up its medical and healthcare popular science content. Since the
       Group launched the “Yizhilu^ (醫知鹿)” medical knowledge database in May 2018, it has continually expanded
       the volume of content, as well as improved the depth, level and relevance of the content. As at the end of the
       year, “Yizhilu” had over 2,500 entries covering guidance for severe illnesses, health knowledge and disease
       information. We also exported the content of “Yizhilu” to Alipay, UC and other channels, with such content
       garnering an average daily viewing count of over 1 million people.

      Future prospects

       The Group will promote the in-depth development of the Internet healthcare business by capitalizing on its
       resources and competitive advantages, based on its deep understanding, accumulated experience, business
       positioning and strategic deployment in the Internet healthcare industry. Capitalizing on our strong foothold on
       Alipay, we will enrich and strengthen our online medical and healthcare product and service offerings through
       the complementary resources and business synergies of the Group and Ant Financial, and continue to expand
       Alipay’s medical and healthcare services user base. In addition, we will develop and connect with more quality
       medical institutions and doctor resources offline, and help offline hospitals carry out information technology
       upgrade to improve service standards and operational efficiency.




14
                                                                            ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                   2019 Annual Report




                                                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


We will also follow the guidance of various favorable policies in relation to Internet healthcare and leverage on
the opportunity to promote the in-depth development of the Internet healthcare business. We will adopt the
guidance of the Health Commission of the PRC and Zhejiang Province and related policies to develop the
“Zhejiang Internet Hospital Platform” into a benchmark Internet healthcare project in China, making it the
gateway to and portal for the Internet hospital business carried out by the province’s physical hospitals. By
providing patients with follow-up consultation and prescription services for common and chronic diseases in the
platform combined with the offline distribution capabilities of the Alibaba ecosystem, we aim to provide
inclusive and efficient Internet healthcare services to the general public. We will also link up this business with
our other business segments, including our pharmaceutical product sales business, to incubate new business
models in areas such as prescription circulation.

Intelligent medicine business

The Group cooperates with governments, hospitals, research institutes, colleges and other external
organizations to explore the intelligent medicine business based on digital information, AI and big data
technologies. Related areas include Internet medical associations, medical research platforms, clinical decision
support systems, remote imaging platforms and solutions for blockchain data security.

During the year, the Group continued to assist the government and hospitals in information technology
construction with its technologies to provide inclusive and convenient medical and healthcare services to the
public. In September 2018, the “Electronic Health Card Platform for Zhejiang Residents” constructed by
Zhejiang Bianque was launched. The electronic health card was co-developed by Zhejiang Bianque and the
Health Commission of Zhejiang Province for easy access to medical institutions in Zhejiang Province and can be
used online and offline in different institutions and regions. As at April 2019, more than 16 million electronic
health cards had been issued since the launch of the platform. We will continue to optimize and upgrade the
platform to offer better medical and healthcare services to the general public.

Capitalizing on its strong cloud-based medical big data mining and analytical capabilities and through internal
and external cooperation, the Group is committed to building an AI medical system that can be applied in real-
life situations. In September 2018, the Group and Alibaba Cloud deepened their cooperation and announced
the co-establishment of the Alibaba Medical Artificial Intelligence System — “Medical Brain 2.0”. During the
year, the Group made steady progress in areas such as physiological signals (EEG engine and fetal heart
monitoring), speech recognition and medical imaging. We successfully developed the “Smart Lung” product to
detect common lung diseases, which was put into use in partner institutions. In addition, we developed an EEG
epilepsy diagnosis product based on a deep learning model, which can significantly improve the EEG reading
efficiency of doctors and has been recognized by China’s authoritative experts in the field. Furthermore, the
Group successfully carried out software redevelopment based on Alipay’s underlying “face recognition”
technology to apply the technology in medical situations, which has been used by hospitals to improve
operational and management efficiency and has greatly enhanced the experience of patients seeking medical
treatment.




                                                                                                                     15
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


       During the year, the Group also established the AliHealth AI Center, which is a service platform launched by
       Alibaba Health based on the concept and objective requirements of precision medicine and which utilizes
       cutting-edge technologies such as medical big data, cloud computing and artificial intelligence. We connected
       fetal heart monitoring, imaging and other engines to the platform and explored models through which the
       AliHealth AI Center could service hospitals. We verified the feasibility of such models, with various regional
       imaging centers having already expressed their intention to cooperate with us. AliHealth AI Center will focus on
       freeing doctors from spending time on primary clinical diagnosis so that they can devote more time and energy
       to complex medical diagnosis, and on alleviating the issue of the shortage in doctors. In addition, the AliHealth
       AI Center will provide industry-leading, safe, reliable and affordable technologies and tools to the clinical and
       medical technology departments of medical institutions, thereby improving the level of medical intelligence at
       hospitals and promoting the implementation and development of the intelligent hospital rating system.

      Future prospects

       Based on the technologies and experience it has accumulated in practice, the Group will continue to help the
       government and industry partners to upgrade their healthcare services with information technology. Zhejiang
       Province is at the forefront of Internet innovation. The proposal of a “2-in-1 card in a single network” for
       electronic health cards and social security cards is already on the agenda of the provincial government. Going
       forward, we will coordinate with relevant government authorities and consolidate and utilize Alibaba’s resources
       and capabilities to facilitate the integration of the two cards and the launch of online payment for medical
       insurance. We will also actively promote “access to medical services through facial recognition” in offline
       medical institutions before launching the product in the commercial market. We will continue our efforts in the
       field of medical AI based on our established advantages and achievements in text recognition, physiological
       signals and image recognition. Finally, we will continue to use the AI Center to consolidate quality resources
       inside and outside Alibaba Group for cooperative creation and construction, which in turn is aimed at
       promoting breakthrough developments in China’s medical service and medical technology industries. Ultimately,
       the goal is to improve the supply of medical resources and reduce the cost of medical services through AI,
       thereby contributing to the progress of national medical reform.




16
                                                                             ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                    2019 Annual Report




                                                              MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


FINANCIAL REVIEW

The key financial figures of the Group for the years ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 are summarized as
follows:

                                                                    2019                    2018                Change
                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000                          %


Revenue                                                         5,095,867             2,442,618                    108.6


Gross profit                                                    1,331,263               652,824                    103.9


Gross profit margin                                                26.1%                  26.7%                       NA


Fulfilment                                                       (572,123)             (338,763)                    68.9


Sales and marketing expenses                                     (454,838)             (201,094)                   126.2


Administrative expenses                                          (181,016)             (121,251)                    49.3


Product development expenses                                     (219,018)             (126,220)                    73.5


Other income and gains                                             67,014                 52,393                    27.9


Other expenses                                                     (2,502)               (11,855)                   (78.9)


Finance costs                                                     (27,966)               (10,126)                  176.2


Operating loss                                                    (59,186)             (104,092)                    (43.1)


Share of profits/(losses) of joint ventures                          (737)                 7,949                      NA


Share of profits/(losses) of associates                              (907)                   998                      NA


Loss for the year                                                 (91,764)             (109,034)                    (15.8)


Net loss attributable to owners of the parent                     (81,949)             (106,974)                    (23.4)


NON-HKFRS ADJUSTMENTS


Adjusted net profit                                              121,729                   8,000                1,421.6




                                                                                                                      17
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


—      Revenue

       Revenue of the Group for the year ended March 31, 2019 amounted to RMB5,095,867,000, representing an
       increase of RMB2,653,249,000 or 108.6% as compared to RMB2,442,618,000 for the year ended March 31,
       2018. The increase in revenue was mainly attributable to the rapid growth in revenue from pharmaceutical self-
       operated business, pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business and consumer healthcare business during
       the year.

—     Pharmaceutical E-commerce Platform Business

       Our pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business comprises the e-commerce platform business relating to
       health food and medical devices, etc., that the Group acquired from Alibaba Group, the business of providing
       outsourced services to Tmall Pharmacy platform (in respect of categories other than those that have already
       been acquired) and the pharmaceutical O2O business. Following the Group’s acquisition of the health food
       category e-commerce platform business from Alibaba Group in June 2017, the Group further completed its
       acquisition of the e-commerce platform business relating to the medical devices and healthcare products,
       sexual health and family planning products, contact lenses, and medical and healthcare service categories from
       Alibaba Group in August 2018. In addition, the Group also actively expanded its pharmaceutical O2O business
       and efficiently connected consumers to their nearby pharmacies. During the year, the total revenue of the
       above businesses amounted to RMB689,980,000, representing a year-on-year increase of 296.8%.

—     Pharmaceutical Self-operated Business

       The pharmaceutical self-operated business of the Group comprises our self-operated B2C retail, related
       advertisement business and our B2B centralized procurement distribution business. During the year, the general
       revenue from pharmaceutical self-operated business reached RMB4,226,950,000, representing a year-on-year
       increase of 91.3%. The rapid growth in revenue was mainly due to the continual enrichment of the categories
       of goods sold through the Group’s self-operated B2C and SKU, more detailed management of the self-
       operated business, optimization of the customer purchase experience and enhancement of repeated purchases
       by customers. Continuing to strengthen our cooperation with upstream quality brands, as at the end of the
       year, the Group had been authorized to undertake the management of or establish 37 flagship stores on the
       Tmall Pharmacy platform.

—     Tracking Business

       During the year, the Ma Shang Fang Xin^ (碼上放心) tracking platform, an effective solution for pharmaceutical
       tracking, covered over 85% of pharmaceutical manufacturers in China. Revenue from tracking business for the
       year was RMB38,720,000, representing a year-on-year increase of 59.0%.




18
                                                                             ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                    2019 Annual Report




                                                               MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


—   Consumer Healthcare Business

    Noticing consumers’ increasing demands for beauty and health, the Group actively cooperates with aesthetic
    medical, physical examination, vaccination, oral health and other medical and healthcare service organizations
    through its online platform and self-operated stores, to provide users with safe, professional and transparent
    medical and healthcare services, as well as health education, consultation, reservation and other value-added
    services. The Group also provides integrated marketing services to many quality upstream pharmaceutical
    enterprises in the industry through its consumer healthcare platform, which has greatly enhanced the brand
    profile of Alibaba Health in the medical service industry. During the year, the consumer healthcare business
    grew rapidly, with revenue attributable to the business amounting to RMB128,254,000, representing a year-on-
    year growth of 275.5%.

—   Other Innovative Businesses

    Other than the above businesses, the Group has been exploring fee models in the Internet healthcare and
    intelligent medicine areas. During the year, revenue from innovative businesses of the Group, including online
    health consultation, amounted to RMB11,963,000.

—   Gross profit and gross profit margin

    The Group recorded gross profit for the year ended March 31, 2019 of RMB1,331,263,000, representing an
    increase of RMB678,439,000 or 103.9% as compared to RMB652,824,000 for the preceding year. Gross profit
    margin for the year was 26.1% as compared to 26.7% for the preceding year. Gross profit margin declined
    slightly.

—   Fulfilment

    Warehousing, logistics and customer service expenditures incurred by the Group’s self-operated pharmaceutical
    business were included in fulfilment costs. Fulfilment costs for the year ended March 31, 2019 amounted to
    RMB572,123,000, representing an increase of RMB233,360,000 or 68.9% from RMB338,763,000 for the
    preceding year mainly due to the rapid growth in revenue of self-operated B2C business.

—   Sales and marketing expenses

    Sales and marketing expenses for the year ended March 31, 2019 amounted to RMB454,838,000,
    representing an increase of RMB253,744,000 or 126.2% as compared to RMB201,094,000 for the preceding
    year. Such increase was mainly due to the increase in promotional costs to publicize self-operated stores by
    the Group. Besides, the Group also increased the headcount of its sales and operation functions and online
    pharmaceutical consultancy service staff.




                                                                                                                      19
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


—      Administrative expenses

       Administrative expenses for the year ended March 31, 2019 amounted to RMB181,016,000, representing an
       increase of RMB59,765,000 or 49.3% as compared to RMB121,251,000 for the preceding year. Such increase
       was mainly attributable to rapid business growth which led to an increase in back-end supporting costs, travel
       expenses and professional costs.

—      Product development expenses

       Product development expenses for the year ended March 31, 2019 amounted to RMB219,018,000,
       representing an increase of RMB92,798,000 or 73.5% as compared to RMB126,220,000 for the preceding
       year. Such increase was mainly due to the increased headcount of the Company’s research and development
       function. During the year, the Group continued to recruit more information technology engineers in order to
       expand its Internet healthcare and intelligent medicine businesses, as well as to support the rapid growth in its
       pharmaceutical business and consumer healthcare business.

—      Other income and gains

       Other income and gains for the year ended March 31, 2019 amounted to RMB67,014,000, representing an
       increase of RMB14,621,000 or 27.9% as compared to RMB52,393,000 for the preceding year. Such increase
       was mainly attributable to the increase in interest income and the increase in fair value of financial assets and
       liabilities measured at fair value through profit or loss. Besides, in November 2018, the Group disposed of its
       equity interests in Beijing Honglian 95 Information Industries Company Limited^ (北京鴻聯九五信息產業有限公
       司) (“HL95”), its 49%-owned joint venture, and recognized a gain of RMB12,417,000.

—      Other expenses

       Other expenses for the year ended March 31, 2019 amounted to RMB2,502,000, representing a decrease of
       RMB9,353,000 or 78.9% as compared to RMB11,855,000 for the preceding year. Such decrease was mainly
       attributable to other expenses arising from the decrease in fair value of financial assets measured at fair value
       through profit or loss of the period of RMB6,200,000 in the preceding year, while no such expenses were
       recorded during the year. Besides, inventory losses and donation expenses for the year also decreased as
       compared to the preceding year.

—      Finance costs

       Finance costs for the year ended March 31, 2019 amounted to RMB27,966,000, representing an increase of
       RMB17,840,000 or 176.2% from RMB10,126,000 for the preceding year. Such increase was mainly attributable
       to the increase in the average balance given the Group’s borrowings from Alibaba Group during the year.




20
                                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                      2019 Annual Report




                                                                 MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


—   Share of profits/(losses) of joint ventures

    Share of profits/(losses) of joint ventures represented the share of net operating results of the Group’s
    49%-owned joint venture, HL95, our 45%-owned joint venture, Zhejiang Bianque and our 40%-owned joint
    venture, Yunnan Jiukangyixin Information Technology Service Company Limited^ (雲南久康一心信息技術服務有
    限公司) (“Jiukangyixin”). For the year ended March 31, 2019, share of losses of joint ventures was
    RMB737,000, while share of profits of joint ventures of RMB7,949,000 was recorded for the preceding year.
    The year-on-year decrease in share of profits of joint ventures was mainly attributable to the fact that Zhejiang
    Bianque and Jiukangyixin were at an early stage of investment and operation during the year. As at the end of
    February 2019, the Group acquired another 40% equity interests in Jiukangyixin, which was then combined
    into the Group. Upon completion of the transaction, Jiukangyixin would become an 80%-owned subsidiary of
    the Group.

—   Share of profits/(losses) of associates

    The Group actively invests in the healthcare sector. During the year, the Group made active deployments in the
    pharmaceutical retail market through its strategic investments in regionally leading pharmaceutical retail chains
    such as Anhui Huaren Health Pharmacy Company Limited^ (安徽華人健康醫藥股份有限公司), Guizhou Ensure
    Chain Pharmacy Company Limited^ (貴州一樹連鎖藥業有限公司), Shandong ShuYu Civilian Pharmacy Corp.
    Ltd.^ (山東漱玉平民大藥房連鎖股份有限公司) and Gansu Deshengtang Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd.^
    (甘肅德生堂醫藥科技集團有限公司) to deepen our business partnerships with them and to jointly explore a new
    pharmaceutical retail model. The share of losses of associates for the year ended March 31, 2019 amounted
    to RMB907,000, while share of profits of associates of RMB998,000 was recorded for the preceding year.
    Such change was mainly attributable to the fact that some of the Group’s associates were still at an early
    stage of business development, while some were in the transformation or growing stage.

—   Non-Hong Kong Financial Report Standard indicator in relation to profit/loss for the year: Adjusted
    net loss/profit

    For the year ended March 31, 2019, the Group’s loss amounted to RMB91,764,000, representing a decrease
    of RMB17,270,000 or 15.8% as compared to loss of RMB109,034,000 for the preceding year. For the year
    ended March 31, 2019, the Group’s adjusted net profit amounted to RMB121,729,000, representing a
    significant increase of RMB113,729,000 as compared to adjusted net profit of RMB8,000,000 for the preceding
    year. The increase in adjusted net profit was mainly attributable to the speedy growth and economies of scale
    of the Group’s pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business and pharmaceutical self-operated business, as
    well as the contribution from the consumer healthcare business to the Group’s profit. The profitability of the
    Group continued to improve, which will enable us to further explore new pharmaceutical retail models in the
    future, and to invest in and make strategic deployments in respect of innovative businesses such as those
    engaged in Internet healthcare and intelligent medicine.




                                                                                                                        21
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


       To supplement the Group’s consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with Hong Kong
       Financial Reporting Standards (HKFRS), the Group has also reported its adjusted net profit, which is not
       required under, or presented in accordance with, HKFRS, as an additional financial indicator. We are of the
       view that presenting the non-HKFRS indicator together with the relevant HKFRS indicator will help investors to
       better compare our operational performance across various periods, without the potential impact of projects
       which our management considers as not indicative to our operational performance. We believe that the non-
       HKFRS indicator provides investors and other individuals with helpful information to understand and assess our
       consolidated operational results in the same way that our management does. However, the adjusted net profit
       we presented may not be comparable with similar indicators presented by other companies. Such non-HKFRS
       indicator has its limitations as an analytical tool, and the indicator should not be regarded as independent from
       the operational results or financial position presented according to HKFRS, or as an alternative to analyze the
       relevant operational results or financial position. In addition, the definition of such non-HKFRS indicator may
       vary from those applied in other companies.

       The adjusted net profit for the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018 set out in the table below represents
       adjustments to the most direct and comparable financial indicator calculated and presented in accordance with
       HKFRS (i.e., loss for the year):

                                                                                           For the year ended
                                                                                                March 31,
                                                                                               2019               2018
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000


       Loss for the year                                                                    (91,764)           (109,034)
       Excluding
       — Share-based compensation                                                           213,493            117,034


       Adjusted net profit                                                                  121,729               8,000


FINANCIAL RESOURCES, LIQUIDITY AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE EXPOSURES

The cash and other liquid financial resources of the Group as at March 31, 2019 and the corresponding comparative
figures as at March 31, 2018 are summarized as follows:

                                                                                   March 31, 2019      March 31, 2018
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000


Cash and cash equivalents                                                                   280,371          1,397,197
Short-term investment at fair value through profit or loss
  — wealth management products                                                            1,736,713                  —


Cash and other liquid financial resources                                                 2,017,084          1,397,197




22
                                                                                   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report




                                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


Cash and cash equivalents decreased by RMB1,116,826,000 or 79.9% from RMB1,397,197,000 as at March 31,
2018 to RMB280,371,000 as at March 31, 2019. Such decrease mainly reflected the cash used in investments in
associates and the cash used in short-term investment at fair value through profit or loss-wealth management
products by the Group for the year being higher than the net cash inflows generated from the Group’s operating
activities and the borrowing amounts from Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd. during the year.

Short-term investment at fair value through profit or loss was short-term investment in high liquidity bank financial
products with maturity within three months (including three months).

Cash flows of the Group for the years ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 were as follows:

                                                                                                  2019                    2018
                                                                                            RMB’000                 RMB’000


Net cash flows generated from/(used in) operating activities                                  396,370                 (70,272)
Net cash flows used in investing activities                                                (2,395,711)             (1,210,814)
Net cash flows generated from/(used in) financing activities                                1,708,489              1,248,117


Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents                                                    (290,852)                (32,969)


Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                                        508,419                 569,860
Effects of exchange rate changes                                                                62,804                (28,472)


Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                                              280,371                 508,419


—    Net cash flows generated from operating activities

     For the year ended March 31, 2019, net cash flows generated from operating activities amounted to
     RMB396,370,000, which was primarily attributable to our loss before income tax from continuing operations of
     RMB60,830,000, as adjusted by: (1) addition of non-cash or non-operating activities expense items, which
     primarily comprised share-based compensation expenses of RMB213,493,000 and finance costs of
     RMB27,966,000, deducting non-cash or non-operating activities income items, mainly including fair value gain
     of financial assets and financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss of RMB26,248,000, gain on disposal
     of interests in a joint venture of RMB12,417,000; and (2) changes in working capital, which primarily comprised
     an increase in trade payables of RMB579,324,000, an increase in other payables and accruals of
     RMB230,879,000, an increase in trade receivables of RMB275,299,000, an increase in prepayments, deposits
     and other receivables of RMB181,368,000, and an increase in inventories of RMB141,473,000.




                                                                                                                            23
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


—      Net cash flows used in investing activities

       For the year ended March 31, 2019, net cash flows used in investing activities was RMB2,395,711,000, which
       was primarily attributable to the net cash used in purchase of financial assets measured at fair value through
       profit or loss of RMB2,155,747,000, the net cash used in purchase of financial assets measured at fair value
       through other comprehensive gain of RMB119,801,000, the net cash used in capital injection in associates and
       joint ventures of RMB982,852,000, and the redemption on maturity of non-pledged time deposits with original
       maturity longer than three months of RMB888,778,000.

—      Net cash flows generated from financing activities

       For the year ended March 31, 2019, net cash flows generated from financing activities was
       RMB1,708,489,000, which was primarily attributable to the increase of borrowings from Zhejiang Tmall
       Technology Co., Ltd. by the Group amounting to RMB1,700,000,000.

—      Gearing ratio

       The Group’s total borrowings as at March 31, 2019 were RMB1.7 billion (March 31, 2018: Nil), all of which
       were at fixed interest rate. As at March 31, 2019, the Group’s balance of cash and other liquid financial
       resources exceeded total borrowings and hence no gearing ratio was shown (March 31, 2018: Nil).

       As at March 31, 2019, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities and did not pledge any Group
       assets for bank loans and banking facilities.

The Group’s operations and transactions are principally conducted in the PRC. The Group prudently managed its
treasury functions and maintained a healthy liquidity position throughout the year ended March 31, 2019. The Board
closely monitors the Group’s liquidity position to ensure that the liquidity structure of our assets, liabilities and other
commitments can meet the Group’s funding requirements from time to time. Other than a certain amount of bank
balances and cash, most of the Group’s bank balances and cash are placed in fixed deposits and are denominated
in Hong Kong dollars, Renminbi and United States dollars, while other assets and liabilities are mainly denominated
in either Hong Kong dollars or Renminbi. The Group changed its presentation currency from Hong Kong dollars to
Renminbi starting from the year ended March 31, 2016 to better reflect its operations in the PRC and to be
consistent with the internal reporting portfolio reviewed by the directors of the Company (the “Directors”). The Group
does not have a foreign exchange hedging policy, but the management will continue to closely monitor exchange
rate fluctuations and will take appropriate measures to keep foreign exchange risk exposure to the minimum. The
Group does not use any financial instruments for hedging purposes.

EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICIES

The number of full-time employees of the Group as at March 31, 2019 was 808 (484 as at March 31, 2018). Total
staff costs of the Group for the year ended March 31, 2019 amounted to RMB550.7 million (RMB323.5 million for
the year ended March 31, 2018). All staff employed by the Group in Hong Kong participated in the Mandatory
Provident Fund Scheme.




24
                                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report




                                                                  MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


The Group’s policy is to maintain a competitive pay structure and employees are rewarded based on their
performance.

The Group has also adopted a share award scheme as approved by the shareholders of the Company (the
“Shareholders”) on November 24, 2014 (the “Share Award Scheme”). Pursuant to the Share Award Scheme, the
Board may grant share awards in the form of restricted share units or options to eligible participants, including the
Directors, the directors of the Company’s subsidiaries, the employees of the Group or any other persons who, as
determined by the Board in its absolute discretion, have contributed or will contribute to the Group.

SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS, MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS OF SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES
AND JOINT VENTURES

On May 28, 2018, the Company entered into a share purchase agreement with Ali JK Nutritional Products Holding
Limited (the “Vendor”), a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, pursuant to which the Company
acquired 100% equity interest in Ali JK Medical Products Limited (“Ali JK”), an offshore holding vehicle incorporated
under the laws of the British Virgin Islands by the Vendor to hold the target business which comprises the ownership
of all merchant relationships for the sales of certain medical devices and healthcare products, adult products and
medical and healthcare services on Tmall.com and the employment relationships with the relevant marketing and
operation personnel managing the relationships with these merchants. The aggregate consideration was
HK$10,600,000,000 and was satisfied by the Company issuing 1,827,586,207 consideration shares to the Vendor at
completion.

On June 1, 2018, Hongyun Jiukang Data Technology (Beijing) Company Limited^ (弘雲久康數據技術（北京）有限公司)
(“Hongyun Jiukang”), Shanghai Yunxin Venture Capital Co., Ltd.^ (上海雲鑫創業投資有限公司) (“Shanghai Yunxin”),
Hangzhou Yunting Data Technology Company Limited^ (杭州雲庭數據科技有限公司) (“Hangzhou Yunting”) and
Zhejiang Bianque (the “JV Company”) entered into a capital increase agreement, pursuant to which Shanghai Yunxin
and Hangzhou Yunting agreed to make respective capital contributions of RMB40 million and RMB15 million in cash
to the registered capital of the JV Company. Prior to the capital increase agreement, the JV Company was indirectly
wholly-owned by the Company with a registered capital of RMB45 million, which had been fully subscribed for by
Hongyun Jiukang, a subsidiary of the Company. Upon completion, the registered capital of the JV Company was
increased to RMB100 million, held as to 45% by Hongyun Jiukang, 40% by Shanghai Yunxin and 15% by Hangzhou
Yunting, respectively. The JV Company then ceased to be a subsidiary of the Company.

On June 25, 2018, Alibaba Health Technology (China) Company Limited^ (阿里健康科技（中國）有限公司) (“Alibaba
Health (China)”), a subsidiary of the Company, entered into a capital increase agreement with ShuYu Civilian
Pharmacy Corp. Ltd.^ (漱玉平民大藥房連鎖股份有限公司) (“ShuYu Civilian”) and the then existing shareholders of
ShuYu Civilian, pursuant to which Alibaba Health (China) agreed to inject RMB454,400,000 in cash into ShuYu
Civilian, of which RMB34,080,000 shall be contributed to the increase in its registered capital, and RMB420,320,000
shall be contributed to its capital reserve. Upon completion of the aforesaid capital increase agreement, Alibaba
Health (China) held 9.34% of the equity interest in ShuYu Civilian. As the Group does not have board seat or veto
rights in the board meeting or shareholders’ meeting and hence does not have significant influence in ShuYu Civilian,
the Group has not elected to recognise the fair value gain or loss through other comprehensive and the above equity
investment was classified as financial asset at FVPL at approximately RMB457.8 million, which was equivalent to
7.7% of the total asset of the Company, as at March 31, 2019.




                                                                                                                         25
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


On August 3, 2018, Alibaba Health (Hong Kong) Technology Company Limited^ (阿里健康（香港）科技有限公司)
(“Alibaba Health (Hong Kong)”), a subsidiary of the Company, entered into an equity transfer agreement with CITIC
Guoan Information Industry Co., Ltd.^ (中信國安信息產業股份有限公司) and Hongxin Chuangxin (Tianjin) Information
Technology Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership)^ (鴻信創新（天津）信息技術合夥企業 （有限合夥）) (the
“Buyers”), pursuant to which Alibaba Health (Hong Kong) agreed to transfer its entire 49% interest held in HL95 to
the Buyers at an aggregate consideration of approximately RMB65,988,000. Upon completion of the disposal, HL95
ceased to be a joint venture of the Company. The Group recorded a gain on disposal of its interest in HL95 of
approximately RMB12.4 million.

On August 17, 2018, Alibaba Health (China) entered into certain share purchase agreements with certain
shareholders of Guizhou Ensure Chain Pharmacy Company Limited^ (貴州一樹連鎖藥業有限公司) (“Guizhou Ensure”)
(the “Vendor Shareholders”), pursuant to which Alibaba Health (China) conditionally agreed to purchase, and the
Vendor Shareholders conditionally agreed to sell, an aggregate of 14.54% of the equity interests in Guizhou Ensure
with a consideration of approximately RMB421,759,000. In addition, Alibaba Health (China) entered into a capital
increase agreement with Guizhou Ensure and the then existing shareholders of Guizhou Ensure, pursuant to which
Alibaba Health (China) conditionally agreed to contribute approximately RMB404,322,000 to the capital of Guizhou
Ensure. Following the completion of the above share purchase and capital increase agreements, Alibaba Health
(China) held 25% of the total equity interests in Guizhou Ensure. As Alibaba Health (China) is contractually entitled to
acquire additional 26% equity interest of Guizhou Ensure with consideration no more than the post-money valuation
of such round of financing if certain business targets stated in such share purchase agreements are not achieved,
the Group classified such contractual right as financial asset measured at FVPL at approximately RMB40.6 million,
which was equivalent to 0.7% of the total asset of the Company, as at March 31, 2019.

On December 24, 2018, Alibaba Health (China) entered into a capital increase agreement with Gansu Deshengtang
Pharmaceutical Technology Co., Ltd^ (甘肅德生堂醫藥科技集團有限公司) (“Deshengtang”) and the then existing
shareholders of Deshengtang, pursuant to which Alibaba Health (China) agreed to inject RMB188,888,000 in cash
into Deshengtang, of which approximately RMB12,346,000 would be contributed to the increase in its registered
capital, and approximately RMB176,542,000 would be contributed to its capital reserve. Upon completion of the
aforesaid capital increase agreement, Alibaba Health (China) and/or its affiliate will hold 10% of the equity interests in
Deshengtang. As Alibaba Health (China) is contractually entitled to withdraw a portion of its investment cost of
RMB94,444,000 (representing a 5.2633% ownership interest) in Deshangtang at a minimum return of 10% interest
per annum if it fail to achieve certain pre-determined operating targets in each of the three years ending December
31, 2019, the Group classified such contractual right as financial asset measured at FVPL at approximately RMB8.0
million, which was equivalent to 0.13% of the total asset of the Company, as at March 31, 2019.

On March 18, 2019, Ali JK, a subsidiary of the Company, and IK Healthcare Holdings Limited (“IK Healthcare”)
entered into a subscription agreement, pursuant to which Ali JK shall subscribe for 433,082 new shares in IK
Healthcare for a total subscription price of US$17,842,978.40. Upon completion of the aforesaid subscription
agreement, IK Healthcare shall be held as to not less than 1% by Ali JK.




26
                                                                                  ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                         2019 Annual Report




                                                                    MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS


In addition to the aforesaid investments and acquisitions, the Group engages in trading of short-term and liquid
investments and financial assets ranging from unit trusts, structured deposits and other wealth management during
the year in accordance with its treasury policy initially adopted in June 2015 to utilise surplus cash reserves for
treasury management purpose. The Company’s treasury policy sets out guidelines on the selection of acceptable
short-term investments and financial assets with reference to its risk management policies and the relevant approval
procedures. Under such treasury policy, the Company’s investment products shall include investments in non-equity
financial assets with strong liquidity which can be realised either at any time or within a short period of time. Such
investments shall be purchased from an approved list of financial institutions which shall be reviewed bi-annually.
During the year, these financial institutions included various branches of the China Merchant Bank, Bank of Ningbo,
Pudong Development Bank, Huaxia Bank, Minsheng Bank, Bank of China, Ping An Bank, and Zijin Trust Co., Ltd..
According to the Company’s current approval procedures, any investment decision on financial assets shall be
subject to the approval by the Company’s finance and treasury manager, and shall also be subject to approval by
the financial controller or vice president of finance, depending on the size of such investment. As at March 31,
2019, the FVPL of such short-term investments was approximately RMB1,736.7 million, which was equivalent to
29.0% of the total asset of the Company, with the most sizeable investment having a FVPL of approximately
RMB273.1 million, which was equivalent to 4.6% of the total asset of the Company. During the year, the Company
realised fair value gains of approximately RMB11.1 million on financial assets at FVPL as a result of its trading in the
aforesaid short-term investments.

^
    For identification purpose only




                                                                                                                           27
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




DIRECTORS’ REPORT

The board (the “Board”) of directors (the “Directors”) of Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited (the
“Company”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”) present their report and the audited financial statements for
the year ended March 31, 2019.

PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES

The Company is an investment holding company and the Group is committed to providing Internet technology,
service tools and platforms to industry partners, with the aim of providing accessible and affordable medical and
healthcare services to the public so as to make good health achievable at the fingertips. The principal activities of the
Group are pharmaceutical and healthcare product and service sales business, consumer healthcare business, Internet
healthcare business and intelligent medicine business.

BUSINESS REVIEW

Review of Business

A review of the Group’s business, including the principal risks and uncertainties faced by such business and its
possible future development are described under the paragraphs headed “Business Review” in the section headed
“Management Discussion and Analysis” of this report on pages 5 to 27.

Analysis of Performance and Financial Position

The key financial figures and financial position of the Group for the year ended March 31, 2019 and the relevant
analysis are set out under the paragraphs headed “Financial Review” and “Financial Resources, Liquidity and Foreign
Exchange Exposures”, respectively, in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of this report on
pages 5 to 27.

Environmental Policies and Performance

The Group is committed to promoting environmentally friendly business practices and raising awareness on the
conservation of natural resources. By utilizing intranet systems, our staff can accomplish some of their administrative
work electronically which reduces the use of office supplies. We also encourage prudent electricity consumption. Our
staff are advised to switch off any lights in unoccupied areas. We believe that taking active measures in minimizing
wasteful material and energy consumption in the course of conducting our business will not only bring economic
benefits but also assist in the preservation of the natural environment.

Compliance with Laws and Regulations

The Group recognizes the importance of compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. Internal compliance and
risk management policies and procedures are in place to ensure the Group’s adherence and compliance with all
significant legal and regulatory requirements in Hong Kong and the PRC. For the year ended March 31, 2019 and up
to the date of this report, to the best knowledge of the Directors, the Group has complied in all material respects
with the applicable laws and regulations of Hong Kong and the PRC which have a significant impact on the
business and operations of the Group, including in respect of its principal businesses of the sale of pharmaceutical
and healthcare product and service sales business, consumer healthcare business, Internet healthcare business and
intelligent medicine business, employment and labour practices and environmental protection, etc. The Group has
also obtained all licenses, approvals and permits from the relevant regulatory authorities that are material for its
business operations in the PRC.



28
                                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report




                                                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT


Relationships with Key Stakeholders

The Group’s success depends on the support from key stakeholders which include its employees, customers and
suppliers.

Employees

Employees are regarded as the most important and valuable assets of the Group. The number of full-time employees
of the Group as at March 31, 2019 was 808 (484 as at March 31, 2018). The Group’s policy is to maintain a
competitive pay structure and employees are rewarded based on their performance and with appropriate incentives
including cash bonuses and through the use of the Share Award Scheme, details of which are set out under the
sub-section headed “Share Award Scheme” in this report.

Customers

The Group believes that effective communications are the key to maintaining a good relationship with its customers.
Various means have been established to strengthen the communications between the Group and its customers,
including seeking more regular feedback through direct engagement with customers and also through industry
seminars and forums to better understand industry trends and demands. The Group continually strives to improve its
service quality and to provide better customer experience.

Suppliers

Sound relationships with key suppliers of the Group are important in managing the supply chain, meeting business
challenges and complying with regulatory requirements, which can drive cost effectiveness and foster long-term
business benefits. We seek to develop long-standing relationships with key suppliers and to explore with them ways
to improve supply chain efficiencies.

RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS

The Group’s financial performance for the year ended March 31, 2019 and the financial position of the Group as at
that date are set out in the financial statements on pages 117 to 120.

The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the year ended March 31, 2019 (2018: Nil).

SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION

A summary of the published results and assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for the last five
financial years, as extracted from the audited financial statements and restated as appropriate, is set out on page
240. This summary does not form part of the audited financial statements.

SHARE CAPITAL, SHARE OPTIONS AND RESTRICTED SHARE UNITS (“RSUS”)

Details of movements in the Company’s share capital, share options and RSUs during the year are set out in notes
27 to 28 to the consolidated financial statements.




                                                                                                                          29
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




DIRECTORS’ REPORT


PURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE COMPANY

During the year ended March 31, 2019, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, redeemed or
sold any of the Company’s listed securities, except that a trustee of the Share Award Scheme purchased a total of
6,366,900 shares of the Company on the market to satisfy the Share Awards granted to connected employees of the
Company upon vesting.

PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s bye-laws or the laws of Bermuda which would
oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis to the existing shareholders of the Company.

DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

The Company did not have any reserves available for distribution at the end of the reporting period. However, the
Company’s share premium account, in the amount of approximately RMB19,966,843, may be distributed in the form
of fully paid bonus shares.

MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

In the year under review, sales to the Group’s five largest customers accounted for less than 30% of the total sales
for the year, and purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for less than 30% of the total
purchases for the year.

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE

For the purpose of disclosing the environmental, social and governance (the “ESG”) information in accordance with
the ESG Reporting Guide in Appendix 27 to the Rules Governing the Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange of
Hong Kong Limited (the “Stock Exchange”) (the “Listing Rules”), the Company has engaged an external consultant to
identify material ESG issues of the Group and assist in the reporting of the Group’s performance based on its ESG
management approach, strategy, priorities and objectives. For details of the Company’s ESG policies and
performance and its compliance with the relevant laws and regulations, please refer to pages 81 to 109 of this
report.




30
                                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                      2019 Annual Report




                                                                                             DIRECTORS’ REPORT


DIRECTORS

The Directors during the year and up to the date of this report were:

Executive Directors:

Mr. Shen Difan (Chief Executive Officer)
Mr. Wang Qiang (appointed on July 20, 2018)

Non-executive Directors:

Mr. Wu Yongming (Chairman)
Mr. Wang Lei
Ms. Zhang Yu
Mr. Kang Kai (retired on July 20, 2018)

Independent Non-executive Directors:

Mr. Luo Tong
Mr. Wong King On, Samuel
Mr. Yan Xuan (resigned on April 8, 2019)

Since the date of the annual report of the Company for the 12 months ended March 31, 2018, the changes to the
information which are required to be disclosed and had been disclosed by the Directors pursuant to paragraphs (a)
to (e) and (g) of Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules are as below:

—    Mr. Wang Qiang has been appointed as an executive Director with effect from July 20, 2018.

—    Mr. Kang Kai has retired as a non-executive Director with effect from July 20, 2018.

—    Mr. Yan Xuan has resigned as an independent non-executive Director with effect from April 8, 2019.

In accordance with bye-law 99 and bye-law 102 of the bye-laws of the Company, Mr. Wang Lei, Mr. Luo Tong and
Mr. Wong King On, Samuel will retire at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company to be held on July
10, 2019 (the “AGM”). Mr. Wang Lei, Mr. Luo Tong and Mr. Wong King On, Samuel, being eligible, will offer
themselves for re-election at the AGM.

The non-executive Directors and independent non-executive Directors are appointed for a term of one year and their
appointment shall be renewable automatically for successive terms of one year each commencing from the next day
after the expiry of the then current term of their appointment unless terminated by the Company in accordance with
the terms of their appointment letters and the provisions of the bye-laws of the Company, respectively.




                                                                                                                        31
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




DIRECTORS’ REPORT


Upon resignation of Mr. Yan Xuan (“Mr. Yan”) as an independent non-executive Director with effect from April 8,
2019, the number of independent non-executive Directors fell below the minimum number required under Rules
3.10(1) and 3.10A of the Listing Rules. In addition, the number of members of the audit committee of the Company
(the “Audit Committee”) and the remuneration committee of the Company (the “Remuneration Committee”) fall short
of the requirements under Rules 3.21 and 3.25 of the Listing Rules, and the Company no longer fulfils the
requirement of establishing a Remuneration Committee chaired by an independent non-executive director and
comprising a majority of independent non-executive directors under Rule 3.25 of the Listing Rules. With a view to
comply with the above requirements under the Listing Rules and the terms of reference of the Audit Committee and
the Remuneration Committee, the Company is endeavouring to identify a suitable candidate to fill the above
vacancies as soon as practicable and in any event within three months from the effective date of Mr. Yan’s
resignation. Further announcement will be made by the Company in relation to such appointments as and when
appropriate. Save for the above resignation of Mr. Yan, as an independent non-executive Director with effect from
April 8, 2019, the Company has complied with the requirements of the Listing Rules to have three independent non-
executive Directors representing at least one-third of the Board during the year and up to the date of this report.
The Company has received, from each of the independent non-executive Directors, an annual confirmation of his
independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules.

DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S BIOGRAPHIES

Biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Group are set out on pages 56 to 59 of the
annual report.

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

No Director proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service contract with the
Company which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of compensation, other than
statutory compensation.

DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION

The emoluments of the Directors are determined having regard to the Company’s operating results, individual
performance and comparable market statistics. The details of the Directors’ emoluments are set out in note 8 to the
consolidated financial statements in this report. During the year ended March 31, 2019, there was no arrangement
under which a Director waived or agreed to waive any remuneration and no remuneration was paid by the Group to
a Director as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of office.

The Directors are also eligible to be granted Share Awards under the Company’s Share Award Scheme. The details
of the scheme are set out in note 28 to the consolidated financial statements.




32
                                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                     2019 Annual Report




                                                                                            DIRECTORS’ REPORT


SHARE AWARD SCHEME

At the special general meeting of the Company held on November 24, 2014 (the “Adoption Date”), the shareholders
of the Company approved the adoption of the Share Award Scheme. Unless terminated earlier by the Board, the
Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of ten years commencing on the Adoption Date. The
Share Award Scheme shall remain in effect until November 23, 2024. The validity period of the options granted
under the Share Award Scheme shall be ten years from the date of grant and the options shall lapse at the expiry of
the validity period.

Pursuant to the terms of the Share Award Scheme, the Board may, from time to time, at its absolute discretion and
subject to such terms and conditions as it may think fit (including the basis of eligibility of each employee
determined by the Board from time to time) select an employee or any other person for participation in the Share
Award Scheme and determine the number of Share Awards. The total number of shares in respect of which awards
may be granted under the Share Award Scheme and any other share award schemes of the Company shall not
exceed 3% of the shares in issue as at the Adoption Date (the “Scheme Mandate Limit”), or 3% of the shares in
issue as at the new approval date of the renewed Scheme Mandate Limit.

The specific mandate granted to the Board at the annual general meeting of the Company held on September 30,
2015 (the “2015 Specific Mandate”) to exercise all the powers of the Company to grant Share Awards lapsed at the
conclusion of the annual general meeting of the Company held on August 18, 2016. The specific mandate was
subsequently renewed by approval of the shareholders of the Company at the annual general meetings of the
Company held on August 18, 2016 (the “2016 Specific Mandate”), July 26, 2017 (the “2017 Specific Mandate”) and
July 20, 2018 (the “2018 Specific Mandate”), respectively. The total number of shares underlying the Share Awards
granted which remained outstanding as at March 31, 2019 amounted to 173,719,762, of which 34,452,685 were
granted pursuant to the 2015 Specific Mandate, 30,462,250 were granted pursuant to the 2016 Specific Mandate,
78,875,761 were granted pursuant to the 2017 Specific Mandate and 29,929,066 were granted pursuant to the
2018 Specific Mandate. As at March 31, 2019, Share Awards in respect of a total of 264,599,183 underlying
shares, which represent 2.26% of the total issued shares as at March 31, 2019, remain available to be granted
under the Share Award Scheme under the 2018 Specific Mandate.




                                                                                                                       33
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




DIRECTORS’ REPORT


Movements of the options and RSUs under the Share Award Scheme during the year ended March 31, 2019 were
set out below:

                                                                                                                                                              Number of
                                                                                                                                                                  shares
                                             Number of                                                                                                      represented
                                                 shares                                                                        Options or                  by options or
                                        represented by                                                               Options RSUs lapsed/                          RSUs
                                       options or RSUs                                     Granted    Exercise     exercised    cancelled     RSUs vested outstanding
Name of option holders/                 outstanding as Date of grant/                    during the       price   during the   during the       during the as at March
grantees of RSU         Nature          at April 1, 2018 conditional Grant                     year      (HK$)          year         year             year      31, 2019

Directors of the Company

Mr. Shen Difan               Options                 —    June 8, 2018(1)                 8,190,000      7.240              —                                  8,190,000
                             RSUs                    —    June 8, 2018(17)                1,170,000                         —                                  1,170,000
Mr. Wang Qiang               Options          4,000,000   October 10, 2017(2)                    —       4.400              —                                  4,000,000
                             RSUs               900,000   October 10, 2017(17)                   —                          —                                    900,000
                             RSUs                    —    June 8, 2018(17)                  300,000                         —                                    300,000
Mr. Wang Lei                 Options          7,491,000   September 7, 2015(3)                   —       5.184              —           —               —      7,491,000
                             RSUs               642,000   September 7, 2015(17)                  —          —               —           —          321,000       321,000
                             Options          1,141,000   July 29, 2016(4)                       —       5.558              —           —               —      1,141,000
                             RSUs               285,000   July 29, 2016(17)                      —          —               —           —           95,000       190,000
                             RSUs             4,121,250   June 14, 2017(17)                      —          —               —           —        1,213,500     2,907,750
Mr. Kang Kai                 RSUs               296,000   October 10, 2017(17)                   —          —               —      222,000          74,000            —

(retired on July 20, 2018)

Employees                    Options        14,636,250    September 7, 2015(5)                   —       5.184    5,435,000(18)     521,750             —      8,679,500
                             RSUs            2,369,250    September 7, 2015(17)                  —          —              —         39,750      2,057,750       271,750
                             Options            86,000    October 20, 2015(6)                    —       5.550       64,500(18)          —              —         21,500
                             RSUs              897,850    October 20, 2015(17)                   —          —              —        385,110        335,240       177,500
                             Options         3,324,000    April 28, 2016(7)                      —       5.320      890,500(18)     735,500             —      1,698,000
                             RSUs            4,025,940    April 28, 2016(17)                     —          —              —        596,070      1,912,185     1,517,685
                             Options        14,607,100    July 29, 2016(8)                       —       5.558    3,795,500(18)   1,900,000             —      8,911,600
                             RSUs            8,220,850    July 29, 2016(17)                      —          —              —      1,049,700      3,139,000     4,032,150
                             Options         1,021,000    October 11, 2016(9)                    —       4.416      291,000(18)          —              —        730,000
                             RSUs              362,300    October 11, 2016(17)                   —          —              —         19,600        185,200       157,500
                             RSUs              685,500    November 23, 2016(17)                  —          —              —         25,300        361,400       298,800
                             Options         4,813,000    February 2, 2017(10) & (11)            —       3.626      577,000(18)          —              —      4,236,000
                             RSUs            2,852,000    February 2, 2017(17)                   —          —              —        150,000      1,311,000     1,391,000
                             Options           116,000    February 22, 2017(11) & (12)           —       3.610             —             —              —        116,000
                             RSUs            1,437,900    February 22, 2017(17)                  —          —              —             —         742,800       695,100
                             Options         3,523,000    June 14, 2017(13)                      —       3.902             —             —              —      3,523,000
                             RSUs           24,531,150    June 14, 2017(17)                      —          —              —      2,374,500      5,749,550    16,407,100
                             Options        14,418,000    August 3, 2017(14)                     —       3.686      700,250(18)   5,177,750             —      8,540,000
                             RSUs            7,852,425    August 3, 2017(17)                     —          —              —      1,888,750      1,418,575     4,545,100
                             Options         7,739,000    October 10, 2017(15)                   —       4.400      515,750(18)   2,358,000             —      4,865,250
                             RSUs            7,694,500    October 10, 2017(17)                   —          —              —      1,179,000      1,832,800     4,682,700
                             Options           929,000    February 1, 2018(16)                   —       4.144             —             —              —        929,000
                             RSUs            3,480,932    February 1, 2018(17)                   —          —              —        141,351        623,511     2,716,070
                             RSUs                   —     June 8, 2018(17)               41,953,576         —              —      2,984,380        931,555    38,037,641
                             RSUs                   —     July 31, 2018(17)              16,698,000         —              —      1,354,000        808,000    14,536,000
                             RSUs                   —     October 10, 2018(17)            8,363,864         —              —        170,000         34,000     8,159,864
                             RSUs                   —     January 31, 2019(17)            7,325,754         —              —         60,000         32,552     7,233,202

Notes:


(1)      The closing price per share was HK$7.34 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on June 7, 2018, being the
         trading day immediately before the date of grant. The options granted to Mr. SHEN Difan on June 8, 2018 shall vest as follows:


         (i)       50% of the options granted shall vest on April 30, 2020;


         (ii)      25% of the options granted shall vest on April 30, 2021; and


         (iii)     25% of the options granted shall vest on April 30, 2022.




34
                                                                                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report




                                                                                                                      DIRECTORS’ REPORT


(2)    The closing price per share is HK$4.01 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on October 9, 2017, being the
       trading day immediately before the date of grant. The options granted to Mr. WANG Qiang on October 10, 2017 shall vest in accordance with
       vesting schedule as follows:


       (i)     as to 50% of the options granted shall vest on October 10, 2019;


       (ii)    as to 25% of the options granted shall vest on October 10, 2020; and


       (iii)   as to 25% of the options granted shall vest on October 10, 2021.


(3)    The closing price per share is HK$5.02 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on September 4, 2015, being the
       trading day immediately before the date of grant. The options granted to Mr. WANG Lei on September 7, 2015 shall vest as follows:


       (i)     50% of the options granted shall vest on April 30, 2017;


       (ii)    25% of the options granted shall vest on April 30, 2018; and


       (iii)   25% of the options granted shall vest on April 30, 2019.


(4)    The closing price per share is HK$5.55 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on July 28, 2016, being the trading
       day immediately before the date of grant, and the options granted to Mr. WANG Lei on July 29, 2016 shall vest in 4 tranches of 25% each
       on July 31 of 2017, 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively.


(5)    The closing price per share is HK$5.02 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on September 4, 2015, being the
       trading day immediately before the date of grant. The options granted on September 7, 2015 to the employees shall vest on or before
       October 10, 2019.


(6)    The closing price per share is HK$5.69 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on October 19, 2015, being the
       trading day immediately before the date of grant. The options granted on October 20, 2015 to the employees shall vest as follows:


       (i)     50% of the options granted shall vest on October 10, 2017;


       (ii)    25% of the options granted shall vest on October 10, 2018; and


       (iii)   25% of the options granted shall vest on October 10, 2019.


(7)    The closing price per share is HK$5.23 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on April 27, 2016 being the trading
       day immediately before the date of grant, and the options granted on April 28, 2016 to the employees shall vest on or before April 30, 2020.


(8)    The closing price per share is HK$5.55 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on July 28, 2016 being the trading
       day immediately before the date of grant, and the options granted on July 29, 2016 to the employees shall vest on or before July 31, 2020.


(9)    The closing price per share is HK$4.30 as per Share is stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on October 7, 2016
       being the trading day immediately before the date of grant, and the options granted on October 11, 2016 to the employees shall vest on or
       before October 10, 2020.


(10)   The closing price per share is HK$3.59 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on February 1, 2017 being the
       trading day immediately before the date of grant.




                                                                                                                                                 35
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




DIRECTORS’ REPORT


(11)   The options granted on February 2, 2017 and February 22, 2017, respectively, to the employees shall vest as follows:


       (i)     50% of the options granted shall vest on January 21, 2019;


       (ii)    25% of the options granted shall vest on January 31, 2020; and


       (iii)   25% of the options granted shall vest on January 31, 2021.


(12)   The closing price per share is HK$3.62 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on February 21, 2017 being the
       trading day immediately before the date of grant.


(13)   The closing price per share is HK$3.92 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on June 13, 2017 being the
       trading day immediately before the date of grant. The options granted on June 14, 2017 to the employees shall vest as follows:


       (i)     50% of the options granted shall vest on April 30, 2019;


       (ii)    25% of the options granted shall vest on April 30, 2020; and


       (iii)   25% of the options granted shall vest on April 30, 2021.


(14)   The closing price per share is HK$3.63 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on August 2, 2017 being the
       trading day immediately before the date of grant, and the options granted on August 3, 2017 to the employees shall vest on or before July
       31, 2021.


(15)   The closing price per share is HK$4.01 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on October 9, 2017 being the
       trading day immediately before the date of grant, and the options granted on October 10, 2017 to the employees shall vest on or before
       October 10, 2021.


(16)   The closing price per share is HK$4.09 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on January 31, 2018 being the
       trading day immediately before the date of grant, and the options granted on February 1, 2018 to the employees shall vest on or before
       January 31, 2022.


(17)   The RSUs granted have a specific vesting schedule of not more than four years.


(18)   The weighted average closing price of the shares immediately before the dates on which the options granted to the employees were exercised
       calculated by the closing price per Share as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange is HK$7.52 per share.


The Company estimated the fair values of its share options using the binomial model, which requires the Group to
make estimates about inputs, such as expected volatility, expected dividend yield, exercise multiple, risk-free interest
rate and expected forfeiture rate, and hence such estimates are subject to subjectivity and uncertainty. For the
accounting policy adopted for the Share Awards and the fair value of the options granted during the year ended
March 31, 2019, please refer to note 2.4 (Share-based payments) and note 28 to the Group’s consolidated financial
statements for the year ended March 31, 2019.




36
                                                                                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report




                                                                                                                     DIRECTORS’ REPORT


DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND
UNDERLYING SHARES

As at March 31, 2019, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive in the share capital and
underlying shares of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and
Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”), as recorded in the register required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section
352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and The Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code for
Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set out in Appendix 10 to the Listing
Rules, were as follows:

Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company

                                                    Number of ordinary shares and underlying shares held,
                                                               capacity and nature of interest
                                                                                                      Percentage of
                                                                                   Total interest    the Company’s
Name of director                       Nature of Interest                               in Shares      share capital


Mr. SHEN Difan                         Equity derivative interests(1)                                       9,360,000                        0.08%
Mr. WANG Qiang                         Equity derivative interests(2)                                       5,200,000                        0.04%
Mr. WU Yongming                        Beneficial owner                                                     1,262,000                        0.01%
Mr. WANG Lei                           Beneficial owner and equity derivative                              14,820,077                        0.13%
                                         interests(3)

Notes:


(1)      Subject to vesting, Mr. SHEN Difan is interested in 9,360,000 shares underlying the 8,190,000 options and 1,170,000 RSUs granted to him in
         accordance with the Share Award Scheme.


(2)      Subject to vesting, Mr. WANG Qiang is interested in 5,200,000 shares underlying the 4,000,000 options and 1,200,000 RSUs granted to him
         in accordance with the Share Award Scheme.


(3)      Mr. WANG Lei beneficially held 2,769,327 ordinary shares and subject to vesting, is interested in 12,050,750 shares underlying the 8,632,000
         options and 3,418,750 RSUs granted to him in accordance with the Share Award Scheme.




                                                                                                                                                37
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




DIRECTORS’ REPORT


Long positions in shares and underlying shares of Alibaba Group Holding Limited (“Alibaba Holding”,
together with its subsidiaries, “Alibaba Group”), an associated corporation of the Company within the
meaning of Part XV of the SFO.

                                                                                                                                       Approximate
                                                                                                                                     percentage of
                                                                                                  Number of shares/              issued shares of
                                                                                                   underlying shares                     associated
Name of Director                           Nature of interest                                                         held              corporation


Mr. SHEN Difan                             Beneficial owner, equity derivative interests                           37,725                       0.00%
                                                and interests of spouse     (1)


Mr. WANG Qiang                             Equity derivative interests(2)                                            3,000                      0.00%
Mr. WANG Lei                               Beneficial owner, equity derivative interests                          221,269                       0.01%
                                                and interests of spouse(3)
                                           Beneficiary of a trust(4)                                               60,000                       0.00%
Ms. ZHANG Yu                               Beneficial owner and equity derivative                                  49,874                       0.00%
                                                interest   (5)


Mr. WU Yongming                            Beneficial owner and interests of spouse(6)                            201,017                       0.01%
                                           Interests in controlled corporation       (7)
                                                                                                                  200,000                       0.01%
                                           Founder of a discretionary trust(8)                                 6,268,690                        0.24%
Mr. YAN Xuan         (9)
                                           Beneficial owner                                                          3,000                      0.00%

Notes:


(1)      It represents 15,064 ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares and 13,000 restricted share units beneficially held by Mr. SHEN Difan and
         9,661 ordinary shares or underlying shares held by his spouse.


(2)      It represents 3,000 restricted share units beneficially held by Mr. WANG Qiang.


(3)      It represents 20,176 ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares, 14,500 restricted share units and 180,000 investment units beneficially held
         by Mr. WANG Lei and 6,593 ordinary shares or underlying shares and restricted share units held by his spouse.


(4)      It represents 60,000 ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares held by a private trust whereby Mr. WANG Lei and his family are the
         beneficiaries.


(5)      It represents 13,132 ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares and 36,742 restricted share units beneficially held by Ms. ZHANG Yu.


(6)      It represents 1,017 ordinary shares held by Mr. WU Yongming, and 200,000 ordinary shares held by his spouse.


(7)      It represents 200,000 ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares held by Plus Force Enterprise Ltd., which is wholly owned by Mr. WU
         Yongming.


(8)      It represents 6,268,690 ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares held by Mr. WU Yongming through two private trusts whereby he is the
         founder of the discretionary trusts.


(9)      Mr. YAN Xuan resigned as an independent non-executive Director on April 8, 2019.




38
                                                                                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report




                                                                                                                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT


Long positions in shares and underlying shares of Intime Retail (Group) Company (“Intime Retail”,
together with its subsidiaries, “Intime Retail Group”), an associated corporation of the Company within the
meaning of Part XV of the SFO.

                                                                                                                                  Approximate
                                                                                                                                percentage of
                                                                                               Number of shares/            issued shares of
                                                                                                underlying shares                   associated
Name of Director                         Nature of interest                                                       held             corporation


Mr. WANG Qiang                           Equity derivative interests(1)                                       300,000                      0.01%

Notes:


(1)      It represents 300,000 ordinary shares or underlying shares beneficially held by Mr. WANG Qiang.


Save as disclosed above, as at March 31, 2019, none of the Directors and chief executive had registered an interest
or short position in the shares and underlying shares of the Company or any of its associated corporations that was
required to be recorded pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock
Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.

DIRECTORS’ AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

Save as disclosed under the section headed “Connected Transactions” below and except for any perceived material
interest in transactions between members of Alibaba Group and the Company due to their role as employees of
Alibaba Holding or its subsidiaries as disclosed in the section headed “Biographical Information of Directors and
Senior Management”, no Director and controlling shareholders of the Company had a material interest, either directly
or indirectly, in any contract of significance (whether for the provision of services to the Company or any of its
subsidiaries or not) to the business of the Group to which the Company, its holding company, or any of its
subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party during the year under review.

ARRANGEMENT TO ACQUIRE SHARES AND DEBENTURES

Save as disclosed under the section headed “Share Award Scheme”, at no time during the year was the Company
or its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors or chief executive of the Company or their
spouses or children under the age of 18 to acquire benefits by means of the acquisition of shares in or debentures
of the Company or any other body corporate.




                                                                                                                                               39
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




DIRECTORS’ REPORT


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS OR SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES
AND UNDERLYING SHARES

As at March 31, 2019, the following interests or short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the Company
were recorded in the register of interests required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336 of the SFO:

Long positions:

                                                                                                                  Number of         % of the issued
                                                                                                                      shares/        share capital of
Name                                                Notes Capacity and nature of interest                underlying shares              the Company


Alibaba Group Holding Limited                          (1)   Interest of controlled corporation                7,878,139,215                    67.27%
Perfect Advance Holding Limited                        (1)   Beneficial owner                                  3,103,816,661                    26.50%
                                                       (1)   Persons acting in concert                         1,316,811,347                    11.24%
Alibaba Investment Limited                             (1)   Interest of controlled corporation                4,420,628,008                    37.75%
Innovare Tech Limited                                  (1)   Beneficial owner                                  1,316,811,347                    11.24%
                                                       (1)   Persons acting in concert                         3,103,816,661                    26.50%
Yunfeng Fund II, L.P.                                  (1)   Interest of controlled corporation                4,420,628,008                    37.75%
Yunfeng Investment GP II, Ltd.                         (1)   Interest of controlled corporation                4,420,628,008                    37.75%
Yunfeng Investment II, L.P.                            (1)   Interest of controlled corporation                4,420,628,008                    37.75%
Mr. Yu Feng                                            (1)   Interest of controlled corporation                4,420,628,008                    37.75%
Mr. Ma Yun                                             (1)   Interest of controlled corporation                4,420,628,008                    37.75%
Ali JK Nutritional Product Holding Limited             (1)   Beneficial owner                                  3,457,511,207                    29.52%
Uni-Tech International Group Limited                   (2)   Beneficial owner                                    777,484,030                     6.64%
21CN Corporation                                       (2)   Interest of controlled corporation                  777,484,030                     6.64%
Pollen Internet Corporation                            (2)   Interest of controlled corporation                  777,484,030                     6.64%
Ms. Chen Xiao Ying                                     (2)   Interest of controlled corporation                  777,484,030                     6.64%

Notes:


(1)      Perfect Advance Holding Limited (“Perfect Advance”) holds 3,103,816,661 shares of the Company and Innovare Tech Limited (“Innovare”) holds
         1,316,811,347 shares of the Company.


         On October 12, 2018, Innovare and Perfect Advance entered into a shareholders’ agreement which constitutes a concert party agreement for
         the purpose of section 317(1)(a) of the SFO, pursuant to which Perfect Advance enjoys a right of first refusal over the 1,316,811,347 shares in
         the Company held by Innovare.


         Alibaba Investment Limited (“AIL”) is wholly-owned by Alibaba Holding. Innovare is wholly controlled by Yunfeng Fund II, L.P., which is a direct
         wholly-owned subsidiary of Yunfeng Investment II, L.P. and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Yunfeng Investment GP II, Ltd.. Yunfeng
         Investment GP II, Ltd. is owned by Mr. Ma Yun as to 40% and Mr. Yu Feng as to 60%. Accordingly, each of Yunfeng Fund II, L.P., Yunfeng
         Investment II, L.P., Yunfeng Investment GP II, Ltd., Mr. Ma Yun and Mr. Yu Feng is also deemed to have an interest in the 4,420,628,008
         shares via Innovare within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO.


         Ali JK Nutritional Products Holding Limited (“Ali JK”) holds 3,457,511,207 shares. Ali JK is owned by Alibaba Holding as to 100%. Therefore
         Alibaba Holding is deemed to have an interest in an aggregate of 7,878,139,215 shares via Perfect Advance and Ali JK within the meaning of
         Part XV of the SFO.




40
                                                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report




                                                                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT


(2)   Uni-Tech International Group Limited holds 777,484,030 shares and is wholly-owned by 21CN Corporation. 21CN Corporation is wholly-owned
      by Pollen Internet Corporation, which is wholly-owned by Ms. Chen Xiao Ying.


Save as disclosed above, as at March 31, 2019, there were no other parties who had registered an interest or short
position in the shares or underlying shares of the Company that was required to be recorded pursuant to section
336 of the SFO.

CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

During the year ended March 31, 2019, the Group had the following connected and continuing connected
transactions, details of which were disclosed in compliance with the requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing
Rules.

(a)   Continuing Connected Transaction — Cloud Computing Services Agreement

      On February 14, 2018, Alibaba Health Technology (China) Company Limited* (阿里健康科技（中國）有限公司)
      (“Alibaba Health (China)”), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into the fourth renewed
      cloud computing services agreement (the “Fourth Renewed Agreement”) with Alibaba Cloud Computing Ltd.*
      (阿里雲計算有限公司) (“Alibaba Cloud”). Pursuant to the Fourth Renewed Agreement, Alibaba Cloud agreed to
      provide certain cloud computing services to the Group for a term of one year from April 1, 2018 to March 31,
      2019. The annual cap for the service fees payable by Alibaba Health (China) to Alibaba Cloud under the Fourth
      Renewed Agreement was RMB9 million. The aggregate service fees incurred under the Fourth Renewed
      Agreement during the year ended March 31, 2019 amounted to approximately RMB5.1 million (2018:
      approximately RMB5.6 million).

      On March 28, 2019, the same parties entered into the fifth renewed cloud computing services agreement (the
      “2020 Cloud Computing Services Agreement”) to renew the Fourth Renewed Agreement for a term of one year
      from April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020, with an annual cap of RMB49 million.

      The Fourth Renewed Agreement and the 2020 Cloud Computing Services Agreement allowed the Group to
      utilize the cloud computing services provided by Alibaba Cloud to ensure smooth operation of its systems and
      the stability of its various internet healthcare solutions.

      Perfect Advance is a substantial shareholder and a connected person of the Company. Alibaba Holding is the
      ultimate shareholder of Perfect Advance and Alibaba Cloud is a member of Alibaba Group. Accordingly, each
      of Alibaba Holding and Alibaba Cloud is an associate of Perfect Advance and hence a connected person of the
      Company. The transactions contemplated under the Fourth Renewed Agreement and the 2020 Cloud
      Computing Services Agreements thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in
      accordance with the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                                                         41
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




DIRECTORS’ REPORT


(b)    Continuing Connected Transaction — Outsourced Services Framework Agreement

       On February 14, 2018 and May 28, 2018, Alibaba Health (China) entered into a renewed services agreement
       and a services amendment agreement (together, the “Renewed Services Agreement”), respectively, with Tmall
       Technology and Zhejiang Tmall Network Co., Ltd* (浙江天貓網絡有限公司) (“Tmall Network”, together with Tmall
       Technology, the “Tmall Entities”), pursuant to which Alibaba Health (China) agreed to provide certain
       outsourced and value-added services (the “Outsourced Services”) in relation to certain categories of products
       or services (the “Relevant Categories”) sold on or offered on Tmall or Tmall Supermarket to the Tmall Entities,
       for a term of one year from April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019. The annual cap for the service fees payable to
       the Group during the term of the Renewed Services Agreement was RMB241 million, as approved by the
       independent shareholders of the Company at the special general meeting held on March 29, 2018. The
       aggregate service fees received by the Group under the Renewed Services Agreement during the year ended
       March 31, 2019 amounted to approximately RMB138.4 million (2018: approximately RMB124.4 million).
       Moreover, the amendment on the Relevant Categories under the services amendment agreement was approved
       by the independent shareholders of the Company at the special general meeting held on August 1, 2018.

       On January 30, 2019, Taobao Holding Limited (“Taobao Holding”, together with its subsidiaries, “Taobao
       Group’) and Alibaba Health Information Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd* (阿里健康信息技術（北京）有限公司)
       (“Alibaba Health (Beijing)”) entered into the renewed services agreement (the “2020 Outsourced Services
       Framework Agreement”) for a term of one year from April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020, pursuant to which
       Alibaba Health (Beijing) and its subsidiaries agreed to provide Taobao Group with the Outsourced Services on
       Tmall, Tmall Supermarket and Tmall Global. The annual cap for the service fees payable to the Group during
       the term of the 2020 Outsourced Services Framework Agreement was RMB148 million, as approved by the
       independent shareholders of the Company at the special general meeting held on March 29, 2019.

       Since the merchant services remain within the existing skill set of the Group given that it has been developing
       its own pharmaceutical e-commerce, internet healthcare, and intelligent medicine businesses, the service fees
       received under the Renewed Services Agreement and the 2020 Outsourced Services Framework Agreement will
       continue to be one of the steady growing sources of revenue for Alibaba Health (China) and Alibaba Health
       (Beijing).

       The Tmall Entities are members of Alibaba Group and Alibaba Holding controls Taobao Group. Accordingly, the
       Tmall Entities and Taobao Group are connected persons of the Group. The transactions contemplated under
       the Renewed Services Agreement and the 2020 Outsourced Services Framework Agreement thus constitute
       continuing connected transactions of the Company, and were approved by the independent shareholders of the
       Company at the special general meetings held on March 29, 2018 and March 29, 2019, respectively, in
       accordance with the Listing Rules.




42
                                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report




                                                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT


(c)   Continuing Connected Transaction — Platform Services Framework Agreement

      On February 14, 2018, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into the renewed
      services framework agreement with Alibaba.com China Limited (阿里巴巴網絡中國有限公司) and Taobao China
      Holding Limited (淘 寶 中 國 控 股 有 限 公 司) (“Taobao China”, collectively, “AGH Contracting Parties”) (for
      themselves and on behalf of their subsidiaries) (the “Renewed Services Framework Agreement”), pursuant to
      which AGH Contracting Parties and their affiliates (the “AGH Relevant Entities”) shall provide various platform
      services to the Group, and the Group shall pay the service fees calculated in accordance with the standard
      terms and conditions as amended and published on the respective online sales platforms operated by the
      respective entities from time to time. The Renewed Services Framework Agreement, which commenced on April
      1, 2018 and ended on March 31, 2019, enabled the Company to continue to market and sell products and
      services on online sales platforms operated by the respective parties and thus allowed the Company to reach
      out to more customers and improve its understanding of their needs. The annual cap for the service fees
      payable by the Group under the Renewed Services Framework Agreement for the year ended March 31, 2019
      was RMB229 million, as approved by the independent shareholders of the Company at the special general
      meeting of the Company held on March 29, 2018. The aggregate service fees incurred under the Renewed
      Services Framework Agreement for the year ended March 31, 2019 amounted to approximately RMB151.5
      million (2018: approximately RMB78.6 million).

      On January 30, 2019, the Company and Alibaba Holding entered into the renewed services framework
      agreement (the “2020 Platform Services Framework Agreement”) for a term of one year commencing on April
      1, 2019 and ending on March 31, 2020, with an annual cap of RMB434 million. Pursuant to the 2020
      Platform Services Framework Agreement, Alibaba Holding agreed that the AGH Relevant Entities will provide to
      the Group certain platform services.

      The Company believes that by marketing and selling products or services on online sales platforms operated by
      the AGH Relevant Entities in relation to the Platform Services under the Renewed Services Framework
      Agreement and the 2020 Platform Services Framework Agreement, the Group will be able to reach out to more
      customers and improve its understanding of their needs.

      As Alibaba Holding controls the AGH Relevant Entities, each of the members of the AGH Relevant Entities is a
      connected person of the Company. The transactions contemplated under the Renewed Services Framework
      Agreement and the 2020 Platform Services Framework Agreement thus constituted continuing connected
      transactions of the Company, and were approved by the independent shareholders of the Company at the
      special general meetings held on March 29, 2018 and March 29, 2019, respectively, in accordance with the
      Listing Rules.




                                                                                                                         43
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




DIRECTORS’ REPORT


(d)    Continuing Connected Transactions — Agency Agreement

       On April 20, 2018, Hangzhou Alimama Software Services Co., Ltd.* (杭州阿里媽媽軟件服務有限公司)
       (“Alimama”), Alibaba Health (Hong Kong) Technology Company Limited (阿里健康（香港）科技有限公司) (“Alibaba
       Health (HK)”) and Shanghai Quan Tudou Cultural Communications Company Limited* (上海全土豆文化傳播有限
       公司) (“Youku”) entered into the second renewed agency agreement (the “Second Renewed Agency
       Agreement”) for a term of one year commenced on April 1, 2018 and ended on March 31, 2019. Pursuant to
       the Second Renewed Agency Agreement, Alibaba Health (HK) (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries), as the
       marketing agent, agreed to refer contracted clients of Alibaba Health (HK) and its subsidiaries (the “Alibaba
       Health Group”) to purchase, and Alimama and Youku (the “Advertising Parties”), as the marketing services
       providers, agreed to provide to Alibaba Health Group’s contracted clients, various marketing and advertising
       services on the marketing and branding platforms provided by the Advertising Parties and/or its affiliated
       companies (the “Marketing Services”) during the term of the Second Renewed Agency Agreement. The annual
       cap for the incentive fees to be received by the Group under the Second Renewed Agency Agreement for the
       year ending March 31, 2019 was RMB8 million. The aggregate incentive fees received by the Group for the
       year ended March 31, 2019 amounted to approximately RMB3.1 million (2018: approximately RMB0.9 million).

       On March 28, 2019, Alibaba Health (HK) and the Advertising Parties entered into the third renewed agency
       agreement (the “2020 Agency Agreement”) in relation to the provision of the Marketing Services from the
       Advertising Parties to the contracted clients of the Alibaba Health Group, for a term of one year commencing
       on April 1, 2019 and ending on March 31, 2020, with an annual cap of RMB20 million.

       By entering into the Second Renewed Agency Agreement and the 2020 Agency Agreement with the
       Advertising Parties, which operates well-established marketing platforms, the Group believes more diverse
       options can be provided to the customers together with the Group’s marketing resources. At the same time,
       collecting incentive fees from Alibaba Group and other marketing and promotion services providers will provide
       additional income for the Group and will be beneficial to the long-term development of the Group.

       As each of the Advertising Parties is a member of Alibaba Holding, each of the Advertising Parties is an
       associate of Perfect Advance and hence a connected person of the Company. The transactions contemplated
       under the Second Renewed Agency Agreement and the 2020 Agency Agreement thus constituted continuing
       connected transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.




44
                                                                                    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                           2019 Annual Report




                                                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT


(e)   Continuing Connected Transactions — Logistics Services Framework Agreement

      On February 14, 2018, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into the renewed
      logistics services framework agreement (the “Renewed Logistics Services Framework Agreement”) with
      Hangzhou Cainiao Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd.* (杭州菜鳥供應鏈管理有限公司) (“Hangzhou Cainiao”)
      (for itself and on behalf of its affiliates), pursuant to which Cainiao Smart Logistics Network Limited (“Cainiao
      Smart Logistics”), the ultimate controlling shareholder of Hangzhou Cainiao, and its subsidiaries (collectively the
      “Cainiao Group”) agreed to provide various logistics services including but not limited to warehouse operation
      and storage services, domestic and international delivery services, customs registration and clearance services,
      standard and special packaging services and other value-added and logistics services (the “Logistic Services”)
      to the Group and the Group agreed to pay the service fees. The term of the Renewed Logistics Services
      Framework Agreement commenced from April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019. The annual cap for the service fees
      under the Renewed Logistics Services Framework Agreement was RMB59 million, as approved by the
      independent shareholders of the Company at the special general meeting held on March 29, 2018. The
      aggregate service fees incurred under the Logistics Services Framework Agreement for the year ended March
      31, 2019 amounted to approximately RMB52.6 million (2018: approximately RMB22.9 million).

      On March 28, 2019, Alibaba Health (HK) and Hangzhou Cainiao (each for itself and on behalf of its
      subsidiaries) entered into the renewed logistics services framework agreement (the “2020 Logistics Services
      Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which Hangzhou Cainiao has agreed that Cainiao Group will provide the
      Logistics Services to the Group for a term of one year commencing from April 1, 2019 and ending on March
      31, 2020 with an annual cap of RMB92 million.

      As the Company has been marketing and selling products or services online, it requires efficient and reliable
      logistics services to enable its products to be safely and promptly delivered to its customers. Accordingly, the
      Company entered into the Renewed Logistics Services Agreement and the 2020 Logistics Services Framework
      Agreement with Hangzhou Cainiao, which is a well-established domestic and international logistics service
      solutions provider, to provide efficient and reliable logistics solutions to deliver its products to its customers.

      As Alibaba Holding holds majority interests in Cainiao Smart Logistics, the ultimate controlling shareholder of
      Hangzhou Cainiao, Hangzhou Cainiao and any other members of the Cainiao Group are associates of Perfect
      Advance, and hence the connected persons of the Company. The transactions contemplated under the
      Renewed Logistics Services Framework Agreement and the 2020 Logistics Services Framework Agreement thus
      constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                                             45
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




DIRECTORS’ REPORT


(f)    Continuing Connected Transactions — Shared Services Agreement

       On February 14, 2018, the Company entered into the renewed shared services agreement (the “Renewed
       Shared Services Agreement”) with Alibaba Holding, pursuant to which Alibaba Holding shall procure certain
       shared service providers (the “Alibaba Services Providers”), including Alibaba Holding and persons controlled by
       it, to provide to the Group certain shared services (the “Shared Services”), including office premises sharing
       and support services, for a term of one year from April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019. The annual cap for the
       service fees payable under the Renewed Shared Services Agreement was RMB42 million, as approved by the
       independent shareholders of the Company at a special general meeting held on March 29, 2018. The
       aggregate service fees incurred under the Shared Services Agreement for the year ended March 31, 2019
       amounted to approximately RMB31.4 million (2018: approximately RMB17.5 million).

       On March 28, 2019, the same parties entered into the renewed shared services agreement (the “2020 Shared
       Services Agreement”), pursuant to which the Alibaba Service Providers shall provide the Group the Shared
       Services, for a term of one year commencing from April 1, 2019 and ending on March 31, 2020 with an
       annual cap of RMB83 million.

       The Company believes that the entering of the Renewed Shared Services Agreement and the 2020 Shared
       Services Agreement will allow the Company to better leverage on the mature infrastructure and coverage
       already built by Alibaba Group and promote better cooperation between Alibaba Group and the Company.

       As Alibaba Holding is a connected person of the Company, the transactions contemplated under the Renewed
       Shared Services Agreement and the 2020 Shared Services Agreement thus constitute continuing connected
       transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.

(g)    Connected Transaction — Share Purchase Agreement and Continuing Connected Transactions
       — Framework Technical Services Agreement

       On May 18, 2017, the Company entered into the share purchase agreement (the “Share Purchase Agreement
       A”) with Ali JK Nutritional Products Holding Limited (the “Vendor”), a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba
       Holding, pursuant to which the Company acquired a 100% equity interest in Ali JK Nutritional Products
       Limited, an offshore holding vehicle incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands by the Vendor to
       hold the target business. The aggregate consideration of HK$3,800,000,000 was satisfied by the Company
       issuing 1,187,500,000 consideration shares to the Vendor at completion, which took place on June 30, 2017.

       In connection with the transaction contemplated under the Share Purchase Agreement A, the Tmall Entities and
       Alibaba Health Technology (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd* (阿里健康科技（杭州）有限公司) (formerly known as Hangzhou
       Hengping Information Technology Co., Ltd* (杭州衡平信息科技有限公司) , an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary
       of the Vendor (the “WFOE A”) entered into the framework technical services agreement (the “Framework
       Technical Services Agreement A”) on May 18, 2017. The term of the Framework Technical Services Agreement
       A commenced on July 1, 2017 and will end on March 31, 2020, unless otherwise mutually agreed between
       the parties. Pursuant to the Framework Technical Services Agreement A, the Tmall Entities shall provide
       infrastructure technical support for the operation of Tmall.com to the WFOE A for a service fee. The annual cap
       for the service fees payable under the Framework Technical Services Agreement A was RMB40 million, RMB65




46
                                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report




                                                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT


      million and RMB85 million for each of the years ending March 31, 2018, 2019 and 2020, respectively. The
      aggregate service fees incurred under the Framework Technical Services Agreement A during the year ended
      March 31, 2019 amounted to approximately RMB48.4 million (2018: approximately RMB27.1 million).

      The Company believes that its acquisition of the target business will enable it to: (a) further develop into
      Alibaba Group’s healthcare flagship platform; (b) bring in an even broader set of merchants into the online
      healthcare community to enrich the ecosystem, and to organically complement and supplement the Company’s
      pharmaceutical e-commerce business, intelligent medicine services and product tracking platform services; and
      (c) obtain more stable and sustainable revenue growth. In addition, the Company considers the Framework
      Technical Services Agreement A is necessary because the technical support and services from Tmall.com to
      the Company are crucial to allow the relevant merchants to operate on Tmall.com.

      As the Vendor is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, the Vendor is a connected person of the
      Company, and the transaction contemplated under the Share Purchase Agreement A constituted a connected
      transaction of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules. As the Tmall Entities are members of Alibaba
      Group, they are also connected persons of the Company and the Framework Technical Services Agreement A,
      and the transactions contemplated thereunder also constitute continuing connected transactions of the
      Company. Independent shareholders of the Company approved the Share Purchase Agreement A and the
      Framework Technical Services Agreement A and the transactions contemplated thereunder at the special
      general meeting held on June 29, 2017.

(h)   Connected Transaction — Share Purchase Agreement and Continuing Connected Transactions
      — Framework Technical Services Agreement

      On May 28, 2018, the Company entered into another share purchase agreement (the “Share Purchase
      Agreement B”) with the Vendor, pursuant to which the Company acquired 100% equity interest in Ali JK
      Medical Products Limited, an offshore holding vehicle incorporated under the laws of the British Virgin Islands
      by the Vendor to hold the target business. The aggregate consideration of HK$10,600,000,000 was satisfied by
      the Company issuing 1,827,586,207 consideration shares to the Vendor at completion, which took place on
      August 2, 2018.

      In connection with the transaction contemplated under the Share Purchase Agreement B, the Tmall Entities and
      Lukang Pharmacy (Hangzhou) Co. Ltd* (鹿康大藥房（杭州）有限公司) (formerly known as Hangzhou Hengping
      Health Technology Co., Ltd* (杭州衡憑健康科技有限公司)) (the “WFOE B”) entered into the framework technical
      services agreement (the “Framework Technical Services Agreement B”) on May 28, 2018. The term of the
      Framework Technical Services Agreement B commenced on the day following completion of the Share
      Purchase Agreement B and will end on March 31, 2021, unless otherwise mutually agreed between the
      parties. Pursuant to the Framework Technical Services Agreement B, the Tmall Entities shall provide software
      technical support services relating to the operation of Tmall.com to the WFOE B for a service fee. The annual
      cap for the service fees payable under the Framework Technical Services Agreement B was RMB315 million,
      RMB590 million and RMB825 million for each of the financial years ending March 31, 2019, 2020 and 2021,
      respectively. The aggregate service fees incurred under the Framework Technical Services Agreement B during
      the year ended March 31, 2019 amounted to approximately RMB242.3 million.




                                                                                                                         47
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




DIRECTORS’ REPORT


       The Company believes that its acquisition of the business of the target business will enable it to: (a) further
       develop into Alibaba Group’s healthcare flagship platform; (b) bring in an even broader set of merchants into
       the online healthcare community to enrich the ecosystem, and to organically complement and supplement the
       Company’s existing healthcare product sales and services, Internet-based medical services and personal health
       management platform, intelligent medicine and tracking services businesses; and (c) obtain more stable and
       sustainable revenue growth. In addition, the Company considers the entering of the Framework Technical
       Services Agreement B necessary because the technical support and services from Tmall.com to the Company
       are crucial to allow the relevant merchants to operate on Tmall.com.

       As the Vendor is a direct wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, the Vendor is a connected person of the
       Company, and the transaction contemplated under the Share Purchase Agreement B constituted a major and
       connected transaction of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules. As the Tmall Entities are
       members of Alibaba Group, they are also connected persons of the Company and the transactions
       contemplated under the Framework Technical Services Agreement B thus constitute continuing connected
       transactions of the Company. Independent shareholders of the Company approved the Share Purchase
       Agreement B and the Framework Technical Services Agreement B and the transactions contemplated
       thereunder at the special general meeting held on August 1, 2018.

(i)    Continuing connected transactions — Payment Services Framework Agreement

       On February 14, 2018, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into the renewed
       payment services framework agreement (the “Renewed Payment Services Framework Agreement”) with
       Alipay.com Co., Ltd.* (支付寶（中國）網絡技術有限公司) (“Alipay”), pursuant to which Alipay agreed to provide
       the payment services (the “Payment Services”) to the Group and the Group agreed to pay the service fees.
       The term of the Payment Services Framework Agreement was from April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019. The
       annual cap for the service fees payable under the Renewed Payment Services Framework Agreement was
       RMB23 million. The aggregate service fees incurred under the Renewed Payment Services Framework
       Agreement during the year ended March 31, 2019 amounted to approximately RMB18.9 million (2018:
       approximately RMB7.8 million).

       On March 28, 2019, the same parties entered into the renewed payment services framework agreement (the
       “2020 Payment Services Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which Alipay agreed to provide the Payment
       Services to the Group, for a term of one year commencing from April 1, 2019 and ending on March 31, 2020
       with an annual cap of RMB73 million.

       As part of the Group’s business, the Company has been marketing and selling products or services online as
       an online merchant which requires efficient and reliable payment services. By entering into the Renewed
       Payment Services Framework Agreement and the 2020 Payment Services Framework Agreement, the Group
       will be able to utilize the Payment Services provided by Alipay to enable safe and prompt real-time payment for
       its online transactions.

       Alipay is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ant Small and Micro Financial Services Group Co., Ltd.* (浙江螞蟻小微
       金融服務集團股份有限公司) (“Ant Financial”), which, together with its subsidiaries, were confirmed as deemed
       connected persons of the Company by the Stock Exchange on July 10, 2017 under Rule 14A.19 of the Listing




48
                                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report




                                                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT


      Rules. Accordingly, Alipay has been deemed as a connected person of the Company since July 10, 2017 and
      the transactions contemplated under the Payment Services Framework Agreement, the Renewed Payment
      Services Framework Agreement and the 2020 Payment Services Framework Agreement constitute continuing
      connected transactions for the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.

(j)   Continuing connected transactions — Tracking Services Agreement

      On September 26, 2017, Alibaba Health Technology (China), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the
      Company, entered into the tracking services agreement (the “Tracking Services Agreement”) with Taobao China
      Holding Limited (“Taobao China”), pursuant to which Alibaba Health Technology (China) agreed to provide to
      Taobao China certain tracking services for a term commencing on September 26, 2017 and ending on August
      31, 2018. On The annual cap for the service fees payable under the Tracking Services Agreement was
      RMB9.0 million. The aggregate service fees incurred under the Tracking Services Agreement for the year ended
      March 31, 2019 amounted to approximately RMB2.7 million.

      On September 7, 2018, Alibaba Health (China), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered
      into the renewed tracking services agreement (the “Renewed Tracking Services Agreement”) with Taobao China
      Holding Limited (“Taobao China”), pursuant to which Alibaba Health (China) agreed to provide to Taobao China
      certain tracking services for a term commencing on September 7, 2018 and ending on March 31, 2019. The
      annual cap for the service fees payable under the Renewed Tracking Services Agreement was RMB5.8 million.
      The aggregate service fees incurred under the Renewed Tracking Services Agreement for the year ended
      March 31, 2019 amounted to approximately RMB4.8 million.

      The provision of Tracking Services to Taobao China pursuant to the Renewed Tracking Services Agreement
      enables the Group to further leverage on its prior accumulated technical and operational experience in the
      development of product tracking platforms and thereby increase its sources of revenue and enhance its
      operational efficiency.

      As Taobao China is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, Taobao China is an associate of
      Perfect Advance and hence a connected person of the Company. The transactions contemplated under the
      Renewed Tracking Services Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in
      accordance with the Listing Rules.

(k)   Connected transactions — Capital Increase Agreement

      On June 1, 2018, Hongyun Jiukang Data Technology (Beijing) Company Limited* (弘雲久康數據技術（北京）有
      限公司) (“Hongyun Jiukang”), Shanghai Yunxin Venture Capital Co., Ltd.* (上海雲鑫創業投資有限公司)
      (“Shanghai Yunxin”), Hangzhou Yunting Data Technology Company Limited* (杭州雲庭數據科技有限公司)
      (“Hangzhou Yunting”) and Zhejiang Bian Que Health Data Technology Co., Ltd* (浙江扁鵲健康數據技術有限公
      司) (the “JV Company”) entered into a capital increase agreement (the “Capital Increase Agreement”) in relation
      to capital increase of RMB40 million and RMB15 million to the JV Company by Shanghai Yunxin and
      Hangzhou Yunting, respectively. Upon completion of the capital increase, the registered share capital of the JV
      Company was increased to RMB100 million, which was held as to 45% by Hongyun Jiukang, 40% by
      Shanghai Yunxin and 15% by Hangzhou Yunting, respectively.




                                                                                                                         49
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




DIRECTORS’ REPORT


       The JV Company will utilize the capital contributed by each of the Parties to develop health data service
       platforms by combining and leveraging on our Group’s expertise in the provision of medical and healthcare
       related services, Hangzhou Yunting’s expertise in dataprocessing related technological development, and Ant
       Financial’s expertise in the provision of digital payment services. The Company believes that the formation of
       the joint venture through the Capital Increase Agreement will create synergies in relation to the Internet medical
       and healthcare service platform through the integration and cross transfer of the skills, knowledge and
       expertise among the Group, Ant Financial and Hangzhou Yunting.

       Before completion of the capital increase, the JV Company was wholly owned by Hongyun Jiukang, which was
       in turn a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company. Therefore, the JV Company was an indirect wholly-owned
       subsidiary of the Company. Upon completion of the capital increase, Hongyun Jiukang’s equity interest in the
       JV was diluted from 100% to 45% and the JV Company ceased to be a subsidiary of the Company, which
       constituted a deemed disposal of the JV Company under Rule 14.29 of the Listing Rules. Shanghai Yunxin is
       a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ant Small and Micro Financial Services Group Co., Ltd* ((浙江螞蟻小微金融服務
       集團股份有限公司), which together with its subsidiaries, were confirmed as deemed connected persons of the
       Company by the Stock Exchange in July 2017 under Rule 14A.19 of the Listing Rules. Accordingly, Shanghai
       Yunxin has been a connected person of the Company since July 2017. The transactions contemplated under
       the Capital Increase Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in accordance
       with the Listing Rules.

(l)    Continuing connected transactions — Supply and Purchase Framework Agreement

       On February 14, 2018, the Company entered into the renewed supply framework agreement (the “Renewed
       Supply Framework Agreement”) with Alibaba.com Singapore E-Commerce Private Limited (“Alibaba Singapore”),
       pursuant to which the Company agreed to procure the Group to supply to Alibaba Group various products
       including but not limited to health products, nutritional supplements and family planning products for a term
       commencing on April 1, 2018 and ending on March 31, 2019. The annual cap for the purchases under the
       Renewed Supply Framework Agreement was HK$23 million. The aggregate purchases incurred under the
       Renewed Supply Framework Agreement for the year ended March 31, 2019 amounted to approximately
       RMB0.3 million (2018: approximately RMB19.3 million).

       On March 28, 2019, the same parties entered into the renewed supply and purchase framework agreement
       (the “2020 Supply and Purchase Framework Agreement”) for a term of one year commencing from April 1,
       2019 and ending on March 31, 2020 with annual caps of RMB20,000,000 (in relation to supply of products
       under the 2020 Supply and Purchase Framework Agreement) and RMB20,000,000 (in relation to purchase of
       products under the 2020 Supply and Purchase Framework Agreement), respectively. Pursuant to the 2020
       Supply and Purchase Framework Agreement, the Group will supply and/or purchase various products to or
       from Alibaba Group on the platforms or stores operated by Alibaba Group from time to time.

       The Company believes that by entering into the Renewed Supply Framework Agreement and the 2020 Supply
       and Purchase Framework Agreement, it allows the Group to procure products from and market and sell
       products on or through platforms, stores and distribution channels operated by Alibaba Group, which will be
       able to expand its product portfolio, broaden its customer base and the source of procurement and generate
       higher sales volume.




50
                                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report




                                                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT


      Alibaba Singapore is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding. Accordingly, Alibaba Singapore is
      an associate of Perfect Advance and hence a connected person of the Company. The transactions
      contemplated under the Renewed Supply Framework Agreement and the 2020 Supply and Purchase
      Framework Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in accordance with
      the Listing Rules.

(m)   Continuing connected transactions — Advertising Services Framework Agreement

      On February 14, 2018, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) and Alimama (for itself and on
      behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates, together the “Alimama Group”) entered into the advertising service
      framework agreement (the “Advertising Service Framework Agreement”) for a term commencing from April 1,
      2018 and ending on March 31, 2019 with an annual cap of RMB54 million. The aggregate service fees
      incurred under the Advertising Service Framework Agreement for the year ended March 31, 2019 amounted to
      approximately RMB52.6 million. Pursuant to the Advertising Service Framework Agreement, the Group shall
      engage Alimama and its subsidiaries and affiliates to provide the advertising services, including but not limited
      to the display of advertisements on the various platforms supported by Alimama Group (the “Advertising
      Services”), in return for an advertising fees which shall be calculated in accordance with the underlying
      standard advertising services agreements and the standard terms and conditions as amended and published
      on Alimama Group’s online platforms from time to time.

      On January 30, 2019, the Company and Alibaba Holding entered into the renewed advertising services
      framework agreement (the “2020 Advertising Services Framework Agreement”) for a term commencing on April
      1, 2019 and ending on March 31, 2020, with an annual cap of RMB252 million, as approved by the
      independent shareholders of the Company at the special general meeting held on March 29, 2019. Pursuant to
      the 2020 Advertising Services Framework Agreement, Alibaba Group has agreed that it will provide to the
      Group the Advertising Services.

      The Group believes that the advertising services and resources provided by Alibaba Group is an effective
      marketing tool and will enable the Group to reach out to more customers and boost the sales of the Group’s
      and its clients’ products. Hence, the Group intends to allocate more resources in advertising services provided
      by Alibaba Group going forward and considers that the entering into of the Advertising Services Framework
      Agreement and the 2020 Advertising Services Framework Agreement would facilitate the administration of the
      purchase of Advertising Services by the Group.

      Alimama is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding. Accordingly, Alimama is an associate of
      Perfect Advance and also a connected person of the Company. The transactions contemplated under the
      Advertising Service Framework Agreement and the 2020 Advertising Services Framework Agreement constitute
      continuing connected transactions for the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules. Moreover, the 2020
      Advertising Services Framework Agreement was approved by the independent shareholders of the Company at
      the special general meeting held on March 29, 2019, in accordance with the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                                          51
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




DIRECTORS’ REPORT


(n)    Connected Transactions — Subscription Agreement

       On March 18, 2019, Ali JK Medical Products Limited (the “Subscriber”) and IK Healthcare Holdings Limited (the
       “Target Company”) entered into a subscription agreement (the “Subscription Agreement”), pursuant to which the
       Subscriber subscribed for 433,082 new shares in the issued share capital of the Target Company for a
       subscription price of US$17,842,978.40. Upon completion of the Subscription Agreement, the Target Company
       was held as to not less than 1% by the Subscriber.

       In line with the Company’s mission to “make good health achievable at the fingertips” and its vision of
       “facilitating medicine through big data and using the Internet to change the face of healthcare to provide fair,
       affordable and accessible medical and healthcare services to 1 billion people”, the Company will closely
       cooperate with the Target Company in the areas of medical examination membership operations, online and
       offline omnichannel services, and diagnostic and predictive artificial intelligence for diseases, etc., through its
       investment in the Target Company.

       Perfect Advance is a substantial shareholder and a connected person of the Company. Alibaba Holding is the
       ultimate shareholder of Perfect Advance and each of Taobao China and Treasure Cottage Limited (“Treasure
       Cottage”) is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding. Innovare Tech Limited (“Innovare”) is a
       substantial shareholder and a connected person of the Company, and Innovare and Yunfeng IK Investment
       Limited (“Yunfeng IK”) are associates of the same indirect shareholder who is a connected person of the
       Company. Accordingly, each of Taobao China, Treasure Cottage and Yunfeng IK is a connected person of the
       Company under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Since Taobao China is a substantial shareholder of the
       Target Company and Yunfeng IK held more than 30% interest in the Target Company as at the date of the
       Subscription Agreement, the Subscription Agreement constitutes a connected transaction of the Company
       under the Listing Rules.

The Group has imposed internal control procedures to ensure that the continuing connected transactions are
conducted in accordance with the pricing policies or mechanism under the relevant framework agreements. A
specialized internal audit function has been set up during the year to carry out independent appraisal of the
adequacy and effectiveness of the internal control procedures and to review all the connected transactions. Any
findings by the internal audit function have been provided to the Directors to assist them in performing the annual
review of the continuing connected transactions. The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the above
continuing connected transactions and have confirmed that such continuing connected transactions were entered into
(i) in the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (ii) on normal commercial terms or better and (iii) in
accordance with the relevant agreement governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the interests of
the shareholders of the Company as a whole.

Ernst & Young, the Company’s auditor, was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected transactions in
accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 Assurance Engagements Other Than Audit
or Reviews of Historical Financial Information and with reference to Practice Note 740 Auditor’s Letter on Continuing
Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
Accountants. Ernst & Young issued their unqualified letter containing their findings and conclusions in respect of the
continuing connected transactions disclosed above by the Group in accordance with Rule 14A.56 of the Listing
Rules. A copy of the auditor’s letter has been provided by the Company to the Stock Exchange.




52
                                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report




                                                                                               DIRECTORS’ REPORT


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

During the year, save as disclosed in note 34 to the consolidated financial statements, the Group had no material
transactions with its related parties.

The Directors have conducted review of the related party transactions of the Group during the year and were not
aware of any transactions requiring disclosure of connected transactions in accordance with the Listing Rules except
for those disclosed in the section of “Connected Transactions” in this report.

MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the business of
the Company were entered into or existed during the year under review.

PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

A permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors is currently in force and was in force throughout the
year under review. The Company has taken out and maintained appropriate insurance cover in respect of potential
legal actions against the Directors and officers of the Company.

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN A COMPETING BUSINESS

Pursuant to Rule 8.10 of the Listing Rules, the following Director had declared interests in the following businesses
(other than those businesses where the Directors of the Company were appointed as directors to represent the
interests of the Company and/or any member of the Group) which are considered to compete or are likely to
compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the Group during the year:

As at the date of this report, Mr. Wu Yongming, a non-executive Director, was the controlling shareholder of
Hangzhou Vision Plus Capital Management Company Limited* (杭州圓璟投資管理有限公司), and Hangzhou Vision
Plus Capital Management Company Limited* (杭州圓璟投資管理有限公司) and its associates were one of the
substantial shareholders of Choice Technology Inc., a company which operates a medical healthcare systems and
data services platform, Beijing Huifukang Information Consultancy Co., Ltd* (北京惠福康信息諮詢有限公司), a
company which operates an online doctor referral platform, Shanghai Mudi Biological Technology Co., Ltd.* (上海妙
一生物科技有限公司), a company which operates online clinical research platform, Yawlih Technology (Beijing) Co.,
Ltd.* (曜立科技（北京）有限公司), a company which provides hospital and other medical data cleansing technology
solution, Lingyi Information Technology (Shanghai) Co., Ltd.* (翎醫信息科技（上海）有限公司), a company which
provides maternity and infant-related patient management tools and marketing platform services, Shanghai Yiyong
Health Information Consulting Co., Ltd.* (上海易雍健康信息咨詢有限公司), a company engaged in third-party health
insurance services and Hangzhou Yunhu Network Technology Co., Ltd.* (杭州雲呼網絡科技有限公司), a company
engaged in the operation of medical examination resources Internet platform. Those companies, directly or through
their subsidiaries or associates or by way of other forms of investments, carry out businesses which are considered
to compete or likely to compete with the businesses of the Group.




                                                                                                                          53
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




DIRECTORS’ REPORT


Given that Mr. Wu is a non-executive Director and does not participate in the day-to-day operations of the Group,
the Directors believe that it would be unlikely that Mr. Wu’s aforesaid interests in the above companies would cause
any material adverse impact to the business of the Group. Mr. Wu has confirmed he is fully aware of and has been
discharging his fiduciary duty to the Company to avoid conflicts of interest. In situations where any conflict of
interests arises, Mr. Wu will refrain from discussion, taking part in the decision-making process and voting on the
relevant Board resolutions at the Board meetings.

In addition, Mr. Wu had also voluntarily entered into a deed of non-competition dated September 17, 2015 in favor
of the Company to agree to certain measures to minimize potential competition between the Company and business
invested in by certain funds that he is interested in. The deed of non-competition is valid for the period commencing
on the date of the deed of non-competition until the earlier of either of the following events or circumstances occurs:

(a)    the liquidation of the relevant funds is completed; provided that if any successor fund is raised, the date shall
       be extended to such date when (i) the liquidation of all successor funds is completed and (ii) Mr. Wu has no
       intention to raise any additional successor fund; or

(b)    Mr. Wu ceases to be a Director, or to otherwise hold a position in the Company which owes fiduciary duties to
       the Company.

The Company believes that the deed of non-competition provides adequate measures to monitor, and the
opportunity to address, any acquisitions of interests of Mr. Wu in businesses which are considered to compete or are
likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the businesses of the Group. The Company would like to
emphasize that the Board is independent from the boards of directors of the above-mentioned entities, and is
accountable to the Company’s shareholders as a whole. Coupled with the diligence of its independent non-executive
Directors whose views carry significant weight in the Board’s decisions, the Group is capable of carrying on its
businesses independently of, and at arm’s length from, the businesses of the above-mentioned entities in which Mr.
Wu is interested in.

Save as disclosed, during the year and up to the date of this report, none of the Directors is considered to have
interests in a business which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of the
Group and has any other conflicts of interest, as required to be disclosed under the Listing Rules.

TAX RELIEF

The Company is not aware of any relief on taxation available to the shareholders of the Company by reason of their
holdings of the Shares. If the shareholders of the Company are unsure about the taxation implications of purchasing,
holding, disposing of, dealing in, or exercising of any rights in relation to the shares, they are advised to consult their
professional advisers.

SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and to the knowledge of the Directors, at least 25%
of the Company’s total issued share capital was held by the public as at the date of this report.




54
                                                                             ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                    2019 Annual Report




                                                                                           DIRECTORS’ REPORT


AUDITOR

During the year ended March 31, 2015, Messrs. Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu resigned as auditor of the Company and
Messrs. Ernst & Young were appointed by the Directors to fill the casual vacancy so arising. There have been no
other changes of auditor in the past four years. A resolution for the reappointment of Ernst & Young as auditor of
the Company will be proposed at the forthcoming annual general meeting.

On behalf of the Board




SHEN Difan
Chief Executive Officer and Executive Director

Hong Kong
May 16, 2019

* For identification purpose only




                                                                                                                      55
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. SHEN Difan, aged 40, was appointed as an executive Director and chief executive officer of the Company on
March 29, 2018. Prior to his current position, he was the general manager of Alibaba Group’s AliExpress business
from March 2012, and led the rapid expansion of AliExpress, growing Alibaba Group’s overseas brand influence. Mr.
Shen joined Alibaba Group in 2004 and had held various positions in Alibaba Group, including in relation to B2B
product operations, and in the security department and advertising product department. Mr. Shen holds a bachelor’s
degree in computing from Yantai University. Mr. Shen also acts as a consultant to Alibaba Group.

Mr. WANG Qiang, aged 41, was appointed as an executive Director on July 20, 2018. Mr. Wang joined the Group
as chief financial officer since September 2017, and is responsible for the Group’s financial management, capital
markets, internal controls and procurement. He currently serves as a director of certain subsidiaries of the Company
and also acts as a consultant to Alibaba Group Holding Limited (the ultimate controlling Shareholder of the
Company, and the American depository shares of which are listed on the New York Stock Exchange) and its
subsidiaries. Prior to joining the Group, Mr. Wang was the vice president of Intime Retail (Group) Company Limited
(“Intime”) since January 2014 and chief financial officer of Intime since July 2014, and was responsible for the
company’s financial management, cost control, investment development, legal affairs, information management,
capital markets and investor relations. He had been assistant to president of Intime since February 2012 and general
manager of financial management department of Intime since March 2008, responsible for Intime’s financial
management. Prior to joining Intime, he took various financial management positions in Veolia Water, Asia Pacific and
ABB China from 1999 to 2008. Mr. Wang was also a director of Wuhan Department Store Group Co., Ltd. (SZSE:
00501) from December 2013 to June 2018. He graduated from the accounting department of Renmin University of
China in 1999 and obtained a bachelor’s degree in economics.

NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. WU Yongming, aged 44, was appointed as a non-executive Director and Chairman of the Company on April
17, 2015. Mr. Wu has been a senior vice president of the Alibaba Group since June 2010 and has been a special
assistant to the chairman of the board of directors of Alibaba Group Holding Limited (“Alibaba Holding”) since
September 2014, the shares of which are listed on the New York Stock Exchange (stock code: BABA). Mr. Wu also
served as technology director of Alibaba (China) Technology Co., Ltd.* (阿里巴巴（中國）網絡技術有限公司) from
September 1999, technology director of Alipay (China) Information Technology Co., Ltd.* (支付寶（中國）網絡技術有
限公司) from December 2004, P4P business director of Alibaba Group from November 2005, general manager of
Hangzhou Alimama Technology Co., Ltd.* (杭州阿里媽媽網絡技術有限公司) from December 2007, chief technology
officer of Taobao (China) Software Co., Ltd.* (淘寶（中國）軟件公司) from September 2008, and was responsible for
Alibaba Group’s search business, advertising business and mobile business from October 2011. Mr. Wu is currently
a director of Momo, Inc., the shares of which are listed on NASDAQ (stock code: MOMO) since December 2018.
Mr. Wu was previously a director of AutoNavi Holdings Limited, a then NASDAQ-listed company, from May 2013 to
July 2014. Mr. Wu graduated from college of information engineering of Zhejiang University of Technology, PRC in
June 1996.




56
                                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                      2019 Annual Report




                              BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. WANG Lei, aged 39, was re-designated as a non-executive Director on March 29, 2018. Mr. Wang currently
serves as vice president of Alibaba Group Holding Limited and chief executive officer of Ele.me. Prior to this
position, Mr. Wang was the general manager of Alibaba Group’s Taobao Diandian business from September 2013.
Mr. Wang held various positions within Alibaba Group since he joined Alibaba Group in 2003, including senior
director of the B2B advertising service department and senior director of the mobile Internet business department’s
O2O workshop. Mr. Wang holds a bachelor’s degree in precision instruments from China Jiliang University. Mr. Wang
is a consultant to Alibaba Group.

Ms. ZHANG Yu, aged 46, was appointed as a non-executive Director on December 29, 2017. She joined Alibaba
Group in November 2015, and is the vice president of finance at Alibaba Group. She is also a director of Suning
Commerce Group Co., Ltd. (蘇寧雲商集團股份有限公司) (a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange) since
March 2017, a supervisor of Ant Small and Micro Financial Services Group Co., Ltd.* (浙江螞蟻小微金融服務集團股
份有限公司) since December 2016 and the financial controller and the supervisor of various subsidiaries of Alibaba
Group. Ms. Zhang is a non-executive director of Alibaba Pictures Group Limited (SEHK: 1060) since March 5, 2019.
She was a partner of the Corporate Finance Audit (CFA) function in Siemens AG’s East Asia Pacific Region since
October 2010 where she managed a team of professionals across the finance, operations, IT, compliance and
forensic audit disciplines, serving regions and countries such as the PRC, Southeast Asia, Korea, Japan, Australia
and New Zealand. Before joining Siemens AG, Ms. Zhang was a partner at KPMG, where she had worked for more
than 14 years serving large multinational companies and PRC companies. Ms. Zhang holds a bachelor’s degree in
economics from Renmin University of China and a master’s degree in accounting from University of Denver, the
United States. She is also a Certified Public Accountant in the PRC and the United States.

INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

Mr. YAN Xuan, aged 56, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on May 9, 2014 and resigned
from this position on April 8, 2019. Appointed in June 2011, Mr. Yan was President of Nielsen Holdings N.V.
Greater China. He became Chairman of Growth Markets of Nielsen Holdings N.V. in January 2018. Before joining
Nielsen Holdings N.V., Mr. Yan spent close to two decades in China in senior and executive positions with leading
global companies, such as AT&T, Microsoft Corporation, Oracle Corporation and Qualcomm Incorporated. Mr. Yan
was previously a vice chairman of the board of governors of American Chamber of Commerce in China from January
to December 2008 as well as a member of the board of directors of the United States Information Technology
Office. Mr. Yan also served as a director or vice-chairman on the boards of directors of several US-China telecom
equipment and software joint ventures. Mr. Yan received his juris doctor from Duke University School of Law, U.S. as
a Richard M. Nixon Scholar in 1987, and attended the Advanced Management Program at Harvard Business School,
U.S. in 2000.




                                                                                                                        57
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


Mr. LUO Tong, aged 52, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on May 9, 2014. Mr. Luo is
currently the chief strategy officer of Yiguo Information Technology Co., Ltd. Mr. Luo has over 20 years of
experience of retailing operation and management. Before joining the Board of the Company, he worked as the
regional general manager for Walmart’s Zhejiang Province Operations, the vice president of operations and
development for China Nepstar Chain Drugstore Ltd., the vice president of operations for Tesiro Jewellery Company
and the general manager of retail development of Guangzhou Pharmaceuticals Corporation. Mr. Luo has obtained a
diploma in business administration from Guangzhou Finance and Trade Management Institute and a diploma in
English from Guangdong Social Science College.

Mr. WONG King On, Samuel, aged 66, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on May 9, 2014.
During the period from October 2010 to November 2013, Mr. Wong was an independent non- executive director and
chairman of the audit committee of Yashili International Holdings Limited (Stock code: 1230) which was listed on the
Hong Kong Stock Exchange Limited. Mr. Wong has over 30 years of experience in accounting and finance. Mr.
Wong joined Ernst & Young in October 1979 and was elected to its partnership in January 1993. Mr. Wong was the
managing partner, China Central of Ernst & Young and a member of the management committee of the China firm of
Ernst & Young from 2005 until his retirement in 2010. Mr. Wong was a professor of practice (accounting) of the
school of accounting and finance of the Hong Kong Polytechnic University from September 2013 to August 2016,
and also an adjunct professor of the school of accounting & finance of the Hong Kong Polytechnic University from
2002 to 2010. Mr. Wong was the president of Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) Hong Kong for
1998–1999 and a member of the global council of ACCA from 1999 to 2005. Mr. Wong was also the first non-
European global president of ACCA for 2003–2004. Mr. Wong is a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified
Public Accountants, a member of the ACCA and a Certified Practising Accountant Australia. Mr. Wong obtained a
master of business administration degree from the University of Bradford, United Kingdom in December 1978. Mr.
Wong was awarded the Binder Hamlyn Prize for the best student in financial management in 1978.




58
                                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                     2019 Annual Report




                                      BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT


COMPANY SECRETARY

Ms. LEW Aishan, Nicole, joined the Group in August 2014 and is the General Counsel of the Group. Prior to joining
the Group, Ms. Lew worked at Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer from 2006 to 2014. Ms. Lew obtained a Bachelor of
Laws honors degree from University College London and is qualified to practice law in England and Wales. She was
admitted as a solicitor of the High Court of Hong Kong in 2008 and is a current member of the Law Society of
Hong Kong.

For details of the interests and short positions of the Directors in the share capital and underlying shares of the
Company or its associated corporations within the meaning of Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the
“SFO”), please refer to the section headed “Directors’ and Chief Executive’s Interest and Short Positions in Shares
and Underlying Shares”.

*   For identification purpose only




                                                                                                                       59
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

The Company strives to continuously attain and maintain high standards of corporate governance as it believes that
effective corporate governance practices are fundamental to safeguarding the interests of its shareholders and other
stakeholders, and to enhancing shareholder value.

In the opinion of the Board of the Company, throughout the year ended March 31, 2019, the Company has
complied with the code provisions (“Code Provisions”) set out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”)
under Appendix 14 to the Listing Rules, except in respect of the following matter:

Code Provision A.6.7 stipulates that generally independent non-executive directors and other non-executive directors
of the Company should attend general meetings to gain and develop a balanced understanding of the views of
shareholders. Mr. Wang Lei and Ms. Zhang Yu, being non-executive Directors, were not able to attend the special
general meetings of the Company held on August 1, 2018 and March 29, 2019, respectively, and Mr. Luo Tong, an
independent non-executive Director, was not able to attend the special general meeting of the Company held on
March 29, 2019, due to conflicts of prior scheduled engagements with the meeting times. However, the Company
reported to the relevant directors on the items discussed at the general meetings and the feedback from the
shareholders.

THE BOARD

Composition

During the year, the Board comprised eight Directors, including (i) two executive Directors, namely Mr. Shen Difan
(Chief Executive Officer) and Mr. Wang Qiang; (ii) three non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Wu Yongming
(Chairman), Mr. Wang Lei, and Ms. Zhang Yu; and (iii) three independent non-executive Directors (“INED(s)”), namely
Mr. Yan Xuan (resigned on April 8, 2019), Mr. Luo Tong and Mr. Wong King On, Samuel. The names and
biographical details of each Director are disclosed on pages 56 to 58 of this annual report. The non-executive
Directors and the INEDs are appointed for a term of one year and their appointment shall be renewable
automatically for successive term of one year each commencing from the next day after the expiry of the then
current term of their appointment unless terminated by the Company in accordance with the term of their
appointment letters and the provisions of the bye-laws of the Company, respectively.

During the year and up to the date of this report, all Directors have brought a wide spectrum of valuable business
experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for the efficient and effective delivery of the Board’s
functions. The INEDs are invited to serve on the Audit Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the Nomination
Committee.




60
                                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report




                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Each INED, pursuant to the guidelines set out in rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules, has confirmed he had been
independent of the Company throughout the year ended March 31, 2019 and up to the date of this report, and the
Company also considers that they have been independent. Each INED is subject to the requirement that one-third of
all the Directors shall retire from office by rotation at each annual general meeting pursuant to the bye-laws of the
Company. Save as disclosed, there is no relationship (including financial, business, family or other material or
relevant relationship) between each Director (including INED) and the other members of the Board or the senior
management and between the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer.

Function

The key responsibilities of the Board include, among other things, formulating the Group’s overall strategies, setting
any major acquisition and disposal, major capital investment and dividend policies, regulating and reviewing internal
controls, formulating the Company’s corporate governance policy, supervising management’s performance and
reviewing the adequacy of the Group’s resources.

The INEDs play a significant role on the Board by virtue of their independent judgment and their views carry
significant weight in the Board’s decisions. They bring an impartial view on issues of the Company’s strategies,
performance and controls.

The Company views that well-developed and timely reporting systems and internal controls are essential, and the
Board plays a key role in the implementation and monitoring of internal financial controls.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Mr. Wu Yongming is the chairman of the Board and Mr. Shen Difan is the chief executive officer of the Company. As
such, the Company has fully complied with the code provision A.2.1 of the CG Code during the year ended March
31, 2019.




                                                                                                                          61
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


The Board held 7 Board meetings during the year ended March 31, 2019. Agenda and accompanying board papers
were sent to all Directors in a timely manner. Directors who could not attend in person could participate through
other electronic means of communications. Individual attendance of each Director at the Board meetings, Board
Committee meetings and general meetings during the year ended March 31, 2019 are set out in the table below:

                                                 Number of meetings attended/Number of meetings eligible to attend
                                                 Annual   Special                  Audit Remuneration     Nomination
                                                General   General     Board   Committee     Committee     Committee
Directors                                       Meeting   Meeting   Meeting     Meeting        Meeting      Meeting


Executive Directors
Mr. Shen Difan                                      1/1       1/2       7/7         N/A            N/A          N/A
Mr. Wang Qiang
   (appointed on July 20, 2018)                    N/A        2/2       5/5         N/A            N/A          N/A


Non-executive Directors
Mr. Wu Yongming (Chairman)                          1/1       2/2       6/7         N/A             1/1          1/1
Mr. Wang Lei                                        1/1       0/2       6/7         N/A            N/A          N/A
Mr. Kang Kai
   (retired on July 20, 2018)                       1/1       N/A       2/2         N/A            N/A          N/A
Ms. Zhang Yu                                        1/1       0/2       5/7         N/A            N/A          N/A


Independent Non-executive
   Directors
Mr. Yan Xuan
   (resigned on April 8, 2019)                      1/1       2/2       7/7          3/3            1/1         N/A
Mr. Luo Tong                                        1/1       1/2       7/7          3/3           N/A           1/1
Mr. Wong King On, Samuel                            1/1       2/2       7/7          3/3            1/1          1/1

Directors’ Training

Each newly-appointed Director is offered training by the Company upon his or her appointment, so as to ensure that
they have appropriate understanding of the Company’s business and they are aware of their duties as directors
under the applicable laws and regulations.




62
                                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report




                                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Pursuant to Code Provision A.6.5 of the CG Code, all directors should participate in continuous professional
development to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills. This is to ensure that their contribution to the Board
remains informed and relevant. During the financial year ended March 31, 2019, all of the following Directors
participated in continuous professional development by attending seminars or by self-studying of materials on topics
related to corporate governance, regulations and business:

Executive Directors

Mr. Shen Difan                                  Attending seminars and self-study
Mr. Wang Qiang                                  Attending seminars and self-study

Non-executive Directors

Mr. Wu Yongming                                 Self-study
Mr. Wang Lei                                    Self-study
Mr. Kang Kai (retired on July 20, 2018)         Self-study
Ms. Zhang Yu                                    Attending seminars and self-study

Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Yan Xuan (resigned on April 8, 2019)        Self-study
Mr. Luo Tong                                    Self-study
Mr. Wong King On, Samuel                        Self-study

Board Committees

Throughout the year ended March 31, 2019, the Company maintained the Audit Committee, the Nomination
Committee and the Remuneration Committee in compliance with the Listing Rules and the relevant Code Provisions
of the CG Code.




                                                                                                                         63
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Remuneration Committee

During the year, the Remuneration Committee comprised Mr. Yan Xuan (resigned on April 8, 2019), Mr. Wu
Yongming and Mr. Wong King On, Samuel, with specific terms of reference which clearly deals with its authority and
duties.

The main duties of the Remuneration Committee include:

(a)    to make recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy for and structure of remuneration for all Directors
       and senior management and on the establishment of a formal and transparent procedure for developing the
       remuneration policy;

(b)    to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual executive Directors and
       senior management, including benefits in kind, pension rights and compensation payments, and make
       recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors;

(c)    to review and approve the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s corporate goals
       and objectives; and

(d)    to, on behalf of the Board, review and approve any proposed grant of options and restricted share units in
       accordance with any share award scheme adopted by the Company and in force from time to time under
       certain authorization.

The Remuneration Committee held one meeting for the year ended March 31, 2019. The Remuneration Committee
discussed and made recommendations on the remuneration to be paid to the Directors for the year ended March
31, 2019, and the grant of share options and restricted share units under the share award scheme of the Company
adopted by the Company on November 24, 2014.

Audit Committee

During the year, the Audit Committee comprised Mr. Wong King On, Samuel (Chairman), Mr. Yan Xuan (resigned on
April 8, 2019) and Mr. Luo Tong, with specific terms of reference which clearly deals with its authority and duties.

The main duties of the Audit Committee include:

(a)    to consider the appointment of the external auditor and any questions in relation to its resignation or dismissal;

(b)    to discuss with the external auditor the nature and scope of the audit;

(c)    to review the half-year and annual financial statements before submission to the Board;

(d)    to discuss problems and reservations arising from the interim and final audits, and any matters the auditor may
       wish to discuss;

(e)    to review the external auditor’s management letter and management’s response;




64
                                                                                  ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                         2019 Annual Report




                                                                             CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


(f)   to review the Company’s financial reporting system, risk management systems and internal control procedures;

(g)   to review the internal audit function, and ensure coordination with external auditor, and ensure the internal audit
      function has adequate resources and appropriate standing within the Company; and

(h)   to consider the major findings of internal investigations and management’s response.

The Audit Committee held three meetings for the financial year ended March 31, 2019. The Audit Committee
reviewed the financial statements of the Company for the year ended March 31, 2018 and for the six months period
ended September 30, 2018, re-appointment of Ernst & Young as auditor of the Company, internal controls and risk
management system and Ernst & Young’s audit plan for the year ended March 31, 2019, and made relevant
recommendations to the Board for its approval.

During the year under review, the Company set up a specialized internal audit function to carry out the analysis and
independent appraisal of the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal control
systems.

Nomination Committee

The Nomination Committee comprised Mr. Wu Yongming (Chairman), Mr. Luo Tong and Mr. Wong King On, Samuel,
with specific terms of reference which clearly deals with its authority and duties.

The main duties of the Nomination Committee include:

(a)   to review the structure, size and composition (including the skills, knowledge and experience) of the Board at
      least annually and to make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to complement the
      Company’s corporate strategy;

(b)   to identify individuals suitably qualified to become members of the Board and to select or to make
      recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships;

(c)   to assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors; and

(d)   to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment or re-appointment of Directors and succession
      planning for Directors, in particular the chairman of the Board and the chief executive officer of the Company.

The Nomination Committee held one meeting for the year ended March 31, 2019. The Nomination Committee,
assessed the independence of the independent non-executive Directors, reviewed the retirement schedule, made
recommendations on the retirement and re-election of Directors and reviewed the composition, size and diversity of
the Board.




                                                                                                                           65
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


NOMINATION POLICY

The Board has adopted a nomination policy which sets out the criteria and process in the nomination and
appointment of Directors. Below are the nomination procedures and the process and criteria adopted by the
Nomination Committee to select and recommend candidates for directorship.

Selection Criteria

The Nomination Committee shall consider the following criteria in evaluating and selecting candidates for
directorships:

•      character and integrity;

•      qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience and diversity aspects under
       the Board Diversity Policy that are relevant to the Company’s business and corporate strategy;

•      any measurable objectives adopted for achieving diversity on the Board;

•      (in case of independent non-executive Directors) requirement for the Board to have independent non-executive
       Directors in accordance with the Listing Rules and whether the candidate would be considered independent
       with reference to the independence guidelines set out in the Listing Rules;

•      any potential contributions the candidate can bring to the Board in terms of qualifications, skills, experience,
       independence and gender diversity;

•      willingness and ability to devote adequate time to discharge duties as a member of the Board and/or Board
       committee(s) of the Company; and

•      any other perspectives that are appropriate to the Company’s business and succession plan and where applicable,
       may be adopted and/or amended by the Board and/or the Nomination Committee from time to time for
       nomination of Directors and succession planning.




66
                                                                                   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report




                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


Directors Nomination Procedures

The Board has the relevant procedures for Directors’ nomination which are pursuant to the Listing Rules and the
Company’s bye-laws as detailed below.

(a)   Appointment of New Director

      The Nomination Committee or the company secretary of the Company shall call for a meeting of the
      Nomination Committee upon receipt of any nominations of candidates. The Nomination Committee should
      evaluate such candidate based on the selection criteria mentioned above to determine whether such candidate
      is qualified for directorship. The Nomination Committee should then recommend to the Board to appoint the
      appropriate candidate for directorship. For any person that is nominated by a Shareholder for election as a
      Director at the General Meeting, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should evaluate such candidate
      based on the same selection criteria as mentioned above to determine whether such candidate is qualified for
      directorship, and where appropriate, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should make
      recommendation to the Shareholders in respect of the proposed election of Director at the General Meeting.
      The Board should have the final decision on all matters relating to its recommendation of candidates to stand
      for election at any General Meeting.

(b)   Re-election of Director at General Meeting

      Retiring Directors are eligible for nomination by the Board to stand for re-election at the General Meeting
      according to the bye-laws of the Company. The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should review the
      overall contribution and service of the retiring Director to the Company, his/her level of participation and
      performance on the Board and determine whether the retiring Director continues to meet the above selection
      criteria. The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should then make recommendation to the Shareholders
      in respect of the proposed re-election of Director at the General Meeting.

Board Diversity Policy

With effect from June 19, 2014, the Board adopted a board diversity policy (the “Policy”) setting out the approach to
achieve diversity on the Board. The Board considered that the diversity of Board members can be achieved through
the consideration of a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and educational
background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. All Board appointments will be
based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having due regard for the benefits
of diversity of the Board. The Nomination Committee reviews the Policy on a regular basis and discusses any
revisions that might be required, and recommends to the Board for consideration and approval.

Model Code for Securities Transactions

The Company has adopted the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuer as set out in
Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules (the “Model Code”) to regulate the Directors’ dealings in the Group’s securities. In
response to specific enquiries by the Company, all Directors have confirmed that they have complied with the Model
Code in their securities transactions throughout the year ended March 31, 2019.




                                                                                                                            67
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


COMPANY SECRETARY

The company secretary of the Company, Ms. Lew Aishan Nicole confirms that she has complied with all the required
qualifications, experience and training requirements of the Listing Rules for the year under review.

AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

The remuneration paid to Ernst & Young for audit and non-audit services for the year ended March 31, 2019
amounted to approximately RMB1,330,000 and RMB921,000, respectively. The non-audit services provided by Ernst
& Young to the Group were in relation to the review service on the interim results, limited assurance services on
continuing connected transactions, other professional service related to the environmental, social and governance
assessment and tax review service.

RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

The Board and the management of the Group maintain a sound and effective system of internal controls of the
Group so as to ensure the effectiveness and efficiency of operations of the Group in achieving its established
corporate objectives, safeguarding assets of the Group, rendering reliable financial reporting and complying with the
applicable laws and regulations.

The Board is also responsible for making appropriate assertions on the adequacy of internal controls over financial
reporting and the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures. Through the Audit Committee of the Board,
the Board reviews the effectiveness of these systems.

It is also the Board’s responsibility to review the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management system and ensure
that risk management controls are sound and effective to safeguard the investment of the Company’s shareholders
and the Group’s assets at all times. In connection with this, the Board formed a risk management committee on
November 23, 2016 to discharge its role in monitoring and in exercising oversight over the risk management of the
Company.

The Audit Committee and the Board performed its annual review of the Group’s risk management and internal
controls and concluded that for the year ended March 31, 2019, (a) the Group’s risk management and internal
control systems were effective; (b) the Group had adopted the necessary control mechanisms to monitor and correct
non-compliance; and (c) the Group had complied satisfactorily with the requirements of the Corporate Governance
Code in respect of risk management and internal control systems.




68
                                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report




                                                                          CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


SHAREHOLDER COMMUNICATION POLICY

Purpose

1.   This policy aims at ensuring that the Company’s shareholders, both individual and institutional (collectively,
     “Shareholders”), and, in appropriate circumstances, the investment community at large, are provided with ready,
     equal and timely access to balanced and understandable information about the Company (including its financial
     performance, strategic goals and plans, material developments, governance and risk profile), to enable
     Shareholders to exercise their rights in an informed manner, and to allow Shareholders and the investment
     community to engage actively with the Company. The Board will review the effectiveness of this policy on a
     regular basis.

Communication Strategies

Corporate Website

2.   The Company communicates to its Shareholders through announcements and interim and annual reports
     published on its website at http://www.irasia.com/listco/hk/alihealth/. The information on the website is updated
     on a regular basis.

3.   Information released by the Company to the Stock Exchange is also posted on the Stock Exchange’s website
     immediately thereafter. Such information includes financial statements, results announcements, circulars and
     notices of general meetings and associated explanatory documents etc.

Shareholders’ meetings

4.   The Shareholders are encouraged to participate in general meetings or to appoint proxies to attend and vote at
     meetings for and on their behalf if they are unable to attend the meetings.

5.   The process of the Company’s general meetings will be monitored and reviewed on a regular basis, and, if
     necessary, changes will be made to ensure that Shareholders’ needs are best served.

6.   Board members, in particular, either the chairman of the Board or chairman of Board committees or their
     delegates, appropriate management executives and external auditor will attend annual general meetings to
     answer Shareholders’ questions.

Shareholder Privacy

The Company recognizes the importance of Shareholders’ privacy and will not disclose Shareholders’ information
without their consent, unless required by law to do so.




                                                                                                                         69
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

Procedures for shareholders to convene a special general meeting

Shareholders, holding at the date of the requisition not less than 10% of the paid-up capital of the Company
carrying the right to vote at general meetings of the Company, shall at all times have the right by written requisition
to the Board or the Company Secretary, to require a special general meeting (the “SGM”) to be called by the Board
for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition.

The requisitionists must state the purpose of the meeting and their contact details in the requisition, and sign and
deposit the requisition at the principal place of business of the Company for the attention of the Company
Secretary.

The SGM shall be held within two months from the deposit of the requisition. If the Board fails to proceed to
convene the SGM within 21 days of such deposit, the requisitionists, or any of them representing more than 50% of
the total voting rights of all of them, may convene the SGM by themselves in accordance with the provisions of
Section 74(3) of the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda (as amended) (the “Companies Act”), but any SGM so
convened shall not be held after the expiration of three months from the deposit of the requisition.

Procedures for putting forward proposals at general meetings

Shareholders holding not less than 5% of the total voting rights of all shareholders having a right to vote at the
general meeting or not less than 100 shareholders can submit a written request stating a resolution to be moved at
the annual general meeting (the “AGM”) or a statement of not more than 1,000 words with respect to a matter
referred to in any proposed resolution or the business to be dealt with at a particular general meeting.

The requisitionists must sign and deposit the written request or statement at the registered office of the Company
and the principal place of business of the Company for the attention of the Company Secretary, not less than six
weeks before the AGM in the case of a requisition requiring notice of a resolution and not less than one week
before the general meeting in the case of any other requisition.

If the written request is in order, the Company Secretary will ask the Board to include the resolution in the agenda
for the AGM, as the case may be, to circulate the statement for the general meeting, provided that the
requisitionists have deposited a sum of money reasonably determined by the Board sufficient to meet the expenses
in serving the notice of the resolution and/or circulating the statement submitted by the requisitionists in accordance
with the statutory requirements to all the registered shareholders.

Procedures for sending enquiries to the Board

Shareholders may send their enquiries with sufficient contact details to the Board at the principal place of the
business of the Company for the attention of the Company Secretary. When the written enquiries are in order, the
Company will direct them to the Board.




70
                                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report




                                                                           CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT


CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

There was no amendment to the bye-laws of the Company during the year under review.

DIVIDEND POLICY

The Company has adopted a dividend policy that, in recommending or declaring dividends, the Company shall
maintain adequate and sufficient cash reserves for meeting its working capital requirements and future growth as well
as its shareholder value. The Board has the full discretion to declare and distribute dividends to the Shareholders,
and any final dividend for a financial year will be subject to Shareholders’ approval. In proposing any dividend
payout, the Board shall also take into account, among other things, the Group’s financial results, financial position,
cash flow situation, business conditions and strategies, expected future operations and earnings, capital requirements
and expenditure plans, interests of Shareholders, any restrictions on payment of dividends and any other factors the
Board may consider relevant. Any payment of the dividend by the Company is also subject to any restrictions under
the Companies Act, the Company’s bye-laws and all applicable laws and regulations.

DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN PREPARING THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the Company’s financial statements of the Group (the
“Financial Statements”) which give a true and fair view and are in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting
Standards published by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The Directors endeavor to ensure a
balanced, clear and understandable assessments of the Group’s performance, position and prospects in financial
reporting. Accordingly, appropriate accounting policies are selected and applied consistently; judgments and
estimates made are prudent and reasonable.

The statement of the Company’s auditor about their reporting responsibilities on the Financial Statements is set out
in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 110 to 116 of this annual report.




                                                                                                                         71
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

1.     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

       The Group considers risk management and internal control to be a core part of its operational management
       and business activities. The Group is committed to:

       (i)     establishing a comprehensive risk management system which is in line with the Group’s strategy and its
               specific business characteristics;

       (ii)    continually optimizing its risk management organizational structure;

       (iii)   standardizing its risk management processes; and

       (iv)    adopting quantitative and qualitative approaches to drive better identification, evaluation and mitigation of
               risks,

       to achieve a balance between risks and rewards, and to achieve sustainable business development while
       appropriately managing risks.

2.     RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL FRAMEWORK

       The risk management and internal control systems aim to support the realization of the Company’s strategy,
       vision and mission as well as the sustainable development of its business. The risk management objectives of
       “Strategy”, “Operation”, “Reporting” and “Compliance” can be achieved by implementing the processes of risk
       identification, evaluation, remediation and monitoring. Risk management capability is one of the Company’s core
       competitive competencies, and we believe that implementing risk management and internal control systems
       over each business line and every functional department will help enhance long-term shareholder value. The
       Group’s risk management and internal control framework includes three levels: strategy, management and
       operation.




72
                                                                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                                                      2019 Annual Report




                                                                          RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL




                                                    Risk
                                                   Strategy                 Strategy
                                               Risk Objectives

                                            Risk Preferences
                                                                          nti
                                                                        Co
                               m          Risk Management                 nu
                          ys te         Organisational Structure              Im
                                                                           al
                     me
                                                                                               d
                        nt
                           S            Identify               Assess                       an             Management
                                                                                         nt
                                                                                      me
                     ge
                kM                          Risk Management                         ve
                  an
                     a                          Processes                       pro
               Ris                                                                             ha
               of              Report               Monitor           Respond                En
                                                                                                           t
                                                                                                        en
           ut
                                                                                                     em
          yo
          La                                                                                       nc

                          Risk Management Assurance Mechanism
                                                                                                                         Operation
                                                                        Communication
                Business Processes            Performance Appraisal
                                                                         and Training




•   Risk Management Strategy

    The Group’s risk management strategy is aimed at “ensuring steady growth and sustainable development
    of the Group’s businesses through continuous optimization of the Group’s risk management framework,
    capability and culture”.

•   Risk Management Objectives

    The Company’s risk management objectives include:

    (1)   Strategic objective — to construct our risk management and internal control systems so that they
          are compatible with the Company’s strategic objectives and support the achievement of its
          strategic goals and sustainable business development;

    (2)   Operational objective — to continuously improve the Company’s risk management capabilities,
          thereby reducing uncertainties in the achievement of our operational goals, supporting our business
          expansion and innovative activities, and ensuring the efficiency and effectiveness of our operational
          activities;




                                                                                                                                                        73
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL


              (3)    Reporting objective — to ensure the validity, accuracy and completeness of our financial and operation
                     management reporting; and

              (4)    Compliance objective — to ensure compliance with both external regulatory requirements and internal
                     management policies, standardize our operational management and business processes to maintain
                     the legality and compliance of each business transaction of the Company.

       •      Risk Preferences

              Risk preferences set the tone for the Group’s overall risk profile. Having adopted a prudent stance in the
              determination of its risk preferences, the Group organically integrates its development strategies with its
              risk preferences by taking into account its overall strategic deployment and the needs of each business
              segment, thereby facilitating the healthy operation and sustainable growth of the Group as well as each
              business line.

       •      Risk Management Organizational Structure

              The Group’s risk management organizational structure has three levels: governance, management and
              execution. The risk management responsibilities and reporting relationships of the different levels are
              illustrated below.



                                                                                                        The Board
                                         Assess and determine the nature and level         Ensure that effective risk management and         Oversee management’s design, implemen-
                                         of risks that the Company is willing to           internal control systems have been                tation and monitoring of the Company’s risk
                                         accept to achieve its strategic goals             established and maintained by the                 management and internal control systems




                            Governance
                                                                                           Company                                           on an ongoing basis




                                                 Risk Management Committee                                                                 Audit Committee

                                         Review and provide assurance to the Board on the design and                 Report to the Board and assist in overseeing whether management’s
                                         operational effectiveness of the risk management and internal control       design, implementation and monitoring of the risk management and
                                         systems                                                                     internal control systems are effective and adequate




                            Management
                                                                                   Senior Management

                                         Design, implement and monitor the risk management and internal control systems, and provide assurance to the Risk
                                         Management Committee on their effectiveness




                                                 Business Team                             Risk Management Team                                  Internal Audit Team



                            Execution
                                            First Line of Defence                           Second Line of Defence                             Third Line of Defence
                                         Each business team takes responsibility for       Risk control, finance, legal, quality control     Internal audit team conducts ongoing
                                         daily business operation management and           and IT Security teams conduct daily               supervision and assessment independently,
                                         internal control functions                        supervision of the work at the First Line of      and performs regular internal control review
                                                                                           Defence, and perform regular risk and             and internal audit
                                                                                           compliance reviews




74
                                                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                               2019 Annual Report




                                                       RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL


•   Risk Management Processes

    •   Risk identification — based on the Group’s strategic and operational objectives, management
        identifies uncertainties and risk exposures which could affect the Company’s realization of its
        strategic and operational objectives in eight major areas, including strategic management,
        operational management, marketing management, financial management, legal management, human
        resources management, information technology and data security management, reputation
        management.

    •   Risk assessment — management evaluate and rate risks based on the two dimensions of probability
        and impact and rank them as “high”, “moderate” or “low” based on the rating results.

    •   Risk response — risk response strategies include risk avoidance, transfer, mitigation and acceptance.
        Based on the risk identification and assessment results, management adopts the appropriate risk
        response strategy to design and implement relevant internal control activities to address the specific
        risk.

    •   Risk monitoring — risk monitoring is to oversee the implementation of risk mitigation measures as
        well as to continuously improve internal control activities, which includes ongoing daily business
        operation monitoring and regular independent internal assessment and audit.

    •   Risk reporting — risk reporting is to report on the effectiveness of the design, implementation and
        operation of the risk management and internal control systems to management, the Board of
        Directors, the Audit Committee and the Risk Management Committee.

•   Risk Management Assurance Mechanisms

    •   The Company’s risk mitigation processes and internal control activities include processes and internal
        control activities at the organizational, operational, financial reporting and IT system levels. The
        relevant processes and internal control activities have been recorded in internal control manuals and
        policies, which are published on our system platform for all employees to access and study.

    •   Risk management performance appraisal provides assurance for risk management implementation
        and the Company ensures implementation of its risk management strategies by raising all
        employees’ risk awareness, standardizing internal control processes and adopting a policy of total
        accountability of all employees.

    •   The Group ensures the implementation of operational procedures, policies and internal control
        activities through related communication and training, which may take such forms as centralized
        training sessions, seminars or workshops, on-job communication and instructions, online video
        courses, e-mail reminders and online examinations etc., covering content such as policies, internal
        control training, legal and regulatory compliance, integrity training and data security management.




                                                                                                                 75
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL


3.     MAIN RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS WORK CONDUCTED IN FY2019

       •      By the end of March 31, 2019, the Risk Management Committee had held a meeting and reported to the
              Board of Directors on the effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems.
              The tasks completed by the committee in FY2019 included: (i) discussion and review of the Group’s
              findings on major risk identification and assessment, the risk management strategies and major internal
              control measures mitigating key risks; (ii) discussion and review of the Risk Management and Internal
              Control Report and Environmental, Social and Governance Report required to be disclosed in the
              Company’s annual report for FY2019; (iii) discussion and review of the work plan and key points of risk
              management and internal control work for FY2020 as well as the expected output and timetable etc.

       •      Management identified uncertainties and risk exposures in eight major areas (including strategic risk,
              operational risk, marketing risk, financial risk, legal risk, human resources risk, information technology and
              data security risk, reputational risk); completed the definition, assessment and ranking of the identified
              risks; discussed risk mitigation proposals and measures and updated the Risk Evaluation Summary of
              Alibaba Health, which will form the main basis for risk management and internal control work for FY2019
              and FY2020.

       •      The business team took steps to standardize the policies and operational procedures which were published
              on the Company’s policy management platform as reference and learning materials for all employees.

       •      The risk management teams, including the internal control team, finance team, legal team, quality control
              team and IT security team, conducted risk monitoring and internal control review on the business
              transactions to ensure that the important risks were under control.

       •      The internal audit team developed a Data-driven Risk Monitoring System, and deployed fifty key risk
              indicators to promptly identify significant risk findings and all the findings were investigated and reported
              to the management team and risk management committee.

       •      The risk management team arranged centralized training sessions for all staff on a quarterly basis to promote
              risk management awareness and promote risk management culture. Topics covered by such training
              sessions included, among other things, guidance of business processes and internal controls, integrity
              and code of business conduct, business compliance with relevant laws and regulations, and data security
              management.




76
                                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report




                                                                RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL


4.   DISCLOSURE OF MATERIAL RISKS

     During this year, the Group conducted the identification, analysis and prioritization of all the risks faced by its
     existing and new businesses which resulted in the identification of the following material risks:

     Major Risks              Description of Risks                         Risk Responses

     Regulatory Risks         As the Company operates its principal        •     Establish relevant business processes
                              businesses under a strict regulatory               and procedures and internal control
                              regime, if we breach applicable                    measures, and added internal
                              regulatory requirements, we may be                 monitoring and checks by specialist
                              subject to penalties which may                     teams in relation to matters involving
                              adversely affect our brand reputation              regulatory issues, to ensure that the
                              and business. If we do not have a timely           Company’s business operations
                              understanding of changes in and                    comply with regulatory requirements;
                              updates on the applicable policies, rules
                              and regulations, or do not sufficiently      •     Stay up-to-date with applicable rules,
                              assess the impact of policies and                  regulations and regulatory
                              regulations changes on our business                requirements issued by the
                              operation, management would be unable              government and regulators via
                              to adopt mitigating measures on a timely           announcements and notices from the
                              basis, which would affect the                      authorities, as well as the news
                              Company’s regular business activities              media, the internet and Alibaba
                              and its business continuity.                       Group’s legislation monitoring system.
                                                                                 The Company also actively
                                                                                 participates in forums organized by the
                                                                                 government and regulatory bodies to
                                                                                 ensure that it is fully aware of the
                                                                                 latest government and regulatory
                                                                                 requirements and updates;

                                                                           •     The Company has established
                                                                                 information sharing channels to keep
                                                                                 business teams abreast of the latest
                                                                                 regulatory requirements; we also
                                                                                 organize regular internal seminars and
                                                                                 trainings to study and discuss the
                                                                                 applicable rules, regulations and
                                                                                 regulatory requirements issued by the
                                                                                 government and regulators, with a
                                                                                 view to ensuring that the relevant
                                                                                 business teams accurately understand
                                                                                 the policies and regulations;

                                                                           •     The legal team and business teams
                                                                                 jointly assess the impact of policy and
                                                                                 regulatory changes on our business,
                                                                                 and design mitigating measures and
                                                                                 alternative business models in
                                                                                 response to the changes, so as to
                                                                                 ensure business continuity as well as
                                                                                 regulatory compliance.



                                                                                                                          77
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL



       Major Risks                   Description of Risks                        Risk Responses

       Information                   As an Internet company, information         •   The Company has established
       Technology and                technology and data management form             standardized product research and
       Data Management               a solid foundation and an important             development (R&D) procedures, R&D
       Risks                         infrastructure for the Company’s                project management mechanisms,
                                     business development and operation, as          coordination, communication and
                                     well as one of the competitive                  incentive mechanisms for cross-team
                                     advantages to help the Company                  cooperation between R&D, business,
                                     maintain high innovation levels and to          product and marketing teams to
                                     become an industry leader. Any failure or       ensure timely and effective
                                     postponement in our product R&D,                development of products to meet
                                     disruption of transactions due to               business needs;
                                     malfunctioning information systems, or
                                     leakage or loss of or unauthorized          •   The Company has established IT
                                     tampering of our data would have a              system maintenance standards and
                                     material adverse impact on us achieving         business continuity management
                                     our strategic objectives, our brand             procedures, contingency plans for IT
                                     reputation, business continuity and             system interruptions, and the disaster
                                     customer satisfaction.                          recovery plans and drills to ensure
                                                                                     smooth and uninterrupted operation of
                                                                                     our systems and to improve the
                                                                                     capability of the system to respond
                                                                                     quickly to risk events;

                                                                                 •   To comprehensively safeguard the
                                                                                     Company from the risks of data
                                                                                     leakage, loss and tampering from the
                                                                                     three areas of staff, processes and
                                                                                     information technology, the Company
                                                                                     (i) has established management
                                                                                     procedures for data collection and
                                                                                     transmission, storage security,
                                                                                     encrypted protection, authorized
                                                                                     access and usage, and destruction; (ii)
                                                                                     has deployed information technology
                                                                                     for data security management and
                                                                                     encrypted protection; and (iii)
                                                                                     organizes regular trainings to
                                                                                     communicate data security and
                                                                                     encryption requirements to all our
                                                                                     employees.




78
                                                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                             2019 Annual Report




                                                      RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL



Major Risks         Description of Risks                         Risk Responses

Competitive Risks   In China, there is intense competition in    •   The responsible manager for each
                    the internet healthcare sector. The              business segment closely monitors the
                    continuous changes in business and               competitive situation of his/her
                    operational models, as well as significant       business segment, and reports on the
                    moves or decisions by major                      relevant information and his/her
                    competitors in the industry and new              analysis and judgment at the monthly
                    entrants, may bring potential threats to         management meeting;
                    and have adverse impact on the
                    Company’s business and competitive           •   The Company has a specialist team
                    advantage.                                       which conducts in-depth analysis and
                                                                     research on competition in the
                                                                     industry regularly and reports to
                                                                     management, which enables
                                                                     management to make informed
                                                                     business decisions and develop
                                                                     appropriate operational strategies and
                                                                     effective solutions to address the
                                                                     competitive risks;

                                                                 •   Senior management is committed to
                                                                     innovative and diversified management
                                                                     in relation to the Company’s business
                                                                     plans and strategic positioning. In the
                                                                     course of steadfastly executing the
                                                                     Company’s strategic decisions, senior
                                                                     management strives for the Company
                                                                     to develop and accumulate core
                                                                     competitive advantages and become
                                                                     an unsurpassable company in the
                                                                     industry.




                                                                                                               79
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL


5.     OUTLOOK AND KEY ACTIONS FOR FY2020

       •      Continue to reinforce the Company’s risk management and internal control structure and implementation
              efforts, and continually improve the Company’s risk management capabilities and culture to ensure
              compliance with the Corporate Governance Code of the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and alignment with
              best industry practices.

       •      Continue to assist and supervise each business line and functional department to promote and optimize
              the design, implementation and operation of our risk management and internal control systems.

       •      Continue to focus on material changes and updates of key risks and make timely adjustments to the risk
              mitigation actions and solutions accordingly.

       •      Continue to establish and enhance relevant policies, business procedures and internal control guidance
              which are published on the policy management system platform for staff to access and study.

       •      Conduct ongoing independent monitoring and assessment on the design and effective implementation of
              the internal control activities for material risks.

       •      Continue to provide more risk management trainings for all staff, to enhance their awareness of risk
              management, promote our risk management culture, reinforce the accountability mechanism, and ensure
              execution of the Company’s risk management strategies.

       In the face of existing and new risks, the Group must maintain continual and strict supervision and control
       under an effective risk management and internal control systems. The Company has a management team well-
       attuned to the importance of risk management, and which will proactively identify, prevent and manage risks
       and continually seek to improve the Company’s risk management and internal control systems.

6.     STATEMENT OF THE BOARD REGARDING INTERNAL CONTROL RESPONSIBILITY

       The Group’s internal controls are aimed at ensuring compliance of its operations with laws and regulations, the
       security of its assets and the validity and completeness of its financial reports and related information, to
       thereby enhance its operational efficiency and effectiveness and facilitate the realization of its growth strategies.
       The Company has established internal control procedures to safeguard against the unauthorized use or
       disposition of its assets, to ensure the maintenance of proper accounting records for the provision of reliable
       financial information for internal use or for publication, and to ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules and
       regulations. During FY2019, the Company conducted a comprehensive self-assessment of its internal controls
       which it reported to the Audit Committee and the Board of Directors, and no significant deficiencies were
       identified. The Board believes that, for the year ended March 31, 2019, the Company’s existing internal control
       systems were sufficient and effective to assure the interests of the Company and its shareholders.




80
                                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report




               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT

We believe that it is the greatest social responsibility for medical and healthcare companies to improve public health
and industrial efficiency. By leveraging our advantages and experience in the Internet and AI technologies, we have
been exploring the application of “Internet+” in the medical and healthcare industry, to form a healthcare platform
and integrate medical resources to better support the industry. Following the Outline of the Healthy China 2030 Plan,
we have focused on its theme of “co-building, sharing, and health for all” while incorporating corporate and social
development into the Company’s growth strategy for a better environmental, social and governance (ESG)
performance.

STAKEHOLDER COMMUNICATION

Alibaba Health actively communicates with customers, partners, the government and other stakeholders. Through
effective engagement mechanisms to understand stakeholder demands, we have been proactively responding to
stakeholder expectations of the Company to create mutual value as we continue to grow and develop.

 Stakeholder                   Needs and Expectations                      Communication and response

 Government                    Compliance with laws and regulations        Regulatory compliance
                               Support for economic development            Implementation of national policies
                               Payment of taxes                            Proactive tax payment and compliance

 Investors                     Return on investment                        Annual results conference and annual
                               Business and earnings growth                results roadshow
                               Risk management                             Receiving investor research
                               Information disclosure                      Investment bank and sell-side research
                                                                           coverage

 Customers                     Provision of quality products and           Product and service quality assurance
                               services                                    Customer satisfaction surveys
                               Health education                            Protection of customer information
                               Protection of customer privacy

 Employees                     Protection of employee interests            Competitive remuneration and benefits
                               Protection of occupational health           Employee training
                               Sound career development planning           Career development planning
                               Work-life balance

 Partners                      Industrial mutual growth                    Contractual compliance
                               Open, fair and equitable procurement        Open tendering
                               Contractual compliance                      Project cooperation

 Environment                   Energy saving and emission reduction        Managing emissions
                                                                           Increasing resources and energy
                                                                           efficiency
                                                                           Environmental protection

 Society and the Public        Business and philanthropy integration       Public services and philanthropy
                               Engagement in community development         Volunteer services




                                                                                                                         81
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


In fiscal year 2019, our social responsibility performance was highly recognized by stakeholders.




   Sina Healthcare Annual List of the Most Socially Responsible    2018 Sunshine Award of China’s Healthy Industry
                  Listed Healthcare Companies in 2018                — Industry Benchmarking Enterprise Award

MATERIAL ISSUES

Alibaba Health identified ESG issues and analyzed materiality to ensure the ESG report covers important issues to the
Company as well as its stakeholders with reference to the requirements of the Environmental, Social and Governance
Reporting Guide of HKEX. In fiscal year 2019, our questionnaire survey helped us to understand the impact of each
issue and we received a total of 121 feedbacks, which ensured more accurate and complete disclosure of
information related to our operation and management.




82
                                                                                                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                                                                                      2019 Annual Report




                                                                                            ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Environmental, social and governance issues selection process

                                                              Identifying issues
                                                              —       Suggestions made by management of the Company
                                                              —       Analysis and suggestions made by internal and external
                                                                      experts
                                                              —       Analysis of media information
                                                              —       Benchmarking study of peers in China and overseas
                                                              —       ESG Reporting Guide of HKEX
                                                              —       Guidance on Standards of Social Responsibility

                                                              Standards of Selection
                                                              —       Contribution to sustainable development
                                                              —       Issues of general concern to stakeholders
                                                              —       Issues emphasized by the corporate social responsibility
                                                                      guidance
                                                              —       Compliance with the Company’s needs of strategic
                                                                      development

                                                              Results of Determination

                                                            FY2019 ESG Materiality Matrix of Alibaba Health
                                                                     Moderate Importance                                  High Importance

                  Operational Issues                                                                                                              Pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                                                  product quality and
                  Community Issues                                                                                                                safety
                  Environmental Issues
                  Employee Issues
                                                                                                                                                     Data and privacy security

                                                                                                                                         Compliant
                                                                                                                                         operation                  Customer




                              Importance to stakeholders
                                                                                                                                                                    experience
                                                                                                           Supply chain compliance management


                                                                                            Promotion of
                                                                                            industry
                                                                                            development           Employee rights and interests protection
                                                                                                                                     Accessible medical and healthcare services

                                                                                            Employee          Raising public
                                                                                                                                       Employee training and development
                                                                                            care              health
                                                           Alleviating poverty                                awareness
                                                           by improving health




                                                           Green office operations
                                                                      Energy conservation




                                                                        Low Importance
                                                                                 Importance to Alibaba Health’s CSR practice




                                                                                                                                                                                        83
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


I.     24-HOUR CARE, MAKING GOOD HEALTH ACHIEVABLE AT THE FINGERTIPS

       With the vision of “facilitating medicine through big data and using the Internet to change the face of
       healthcare, to provide fair, affordable and accessible medical and health services to 1 billion people”, we are
       committed to the mission of “making good health achievable at the fingertips”. Alibaba Health empowers the
       medical and healthcare industry with Internet and information technology, to address the existing problems of
       industry, improve industry efficiency, promote round-the-clock consumer health and making “a healthy life” an
       accessible reality.

       1.     One-Stop Medical and Healthcare Services

              We are devoted to meeting core needs of consumers for medical and healthcare services. Combining our
              in-depth understanding of the market and users, and using online and offline channels, Alibaba Health
              cooperates with multiple brands, distributors and medical institutions in the industry to optimize supply
              chains, improve supporting systems such as warehousing, logistics, and customer service, and improve
              consumer experience in the purchase of quality products and medical services, so that consumers can
              confidently pursue a better and healthier life.

             Online and Offline Integrated Medical Services

              Everyone must have experienced the difficulty of seeing a doctor, such as being unable to register,
              having to wait a long time for doctor consultation, and having to queue up for payment. Although the
              medical resource shortage problem cannot be solved at once, Alibaba Health has been simplifying the
              medical treatment process and maximizing efficiencies using Internet technology and platform operations
              to achieve the goal of “running once at most”.

              “There is no small thing in seeing a doctor.” Alibaba Health continues to focus on the “small but
              important things” in relation to patients visiting the hospital, such as connecting with the offline hospital
              system, providing technical support and operational solutions to provide consumers with online and offline
              integrated medical and healthcare services. Instead of running around and waiting in the hospital, the
              patient can complete the whole process of registration, waiting for consultation, report checking, payment
              during diagnosis, remote diagnosis of chronic disease, and arranging for medicine delivery on his or her
              mobile phone.

                     “In the past, I had to wait in front of the number calling machine as I was afraid of missing my
               turn. Now I can clearly see the number of patients who are ahead of me in the queue through Alipay.
               Sometimes I also forget to bring my Medicare Card which then means I need to pay at my own
               expense. Now, by linking my electronic Medicare Card, I can pay direct through social health
               insurance.”

                                                                                                      — Patient Mr. Fan


              Soon, Alibaba Health will promote online medical services in more hospitals and launch more convenient
              services such as medical treatment on credit, electronic medical treatment cards, face recognition,
              payment after treatment, electronic invoicing, etc., so that more people can experience the convenience
              brought about by technology.




84
                                                                   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                          2019 Annual Report




                                        ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Case: Using Alipay when seeing the doctor — Internet Medical Service Tool launched in
hundreds of cities

In order to make the process of obtaining medical treatment simpler, Alibaba Health built a self-built
hospital applet tool template within Alipay. There are multiple online functions designed for patient
convenience, such as registration, online consultation, and payment during diagnosis through Alipay.

In October 2018, more than 100 volunteers went to hundreds of hospitals in Hangzhou to popularize
the Internet treatment tool. The medical experience of patients has been improved, as patients can
now register online, read their health reports online, pay with Alipay and use their electronic Medicare
Card, so that there is no longer any anxious waiting.




                                                                                                            85
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



               Case: First full-process Internet hospital unveiled in Wuhan, allowing information to reach
               patients automatically

               On March 27, 2019, the nation’s first “Internet + full-process medical service” future hospital
               established jointly by the Wuhan Central Hospital, Alibaba Health and Alipay was unveiled. Patients can
               now enjoy efficient and convenient full-process medical services through Alipay.

               Mr. Wang, a 34-year-old living in Houhu, used Alipay to register for a blood specialist the night before
               he went to the hospital. He arrived at the hospital on time according to the scheduled appointment
               and soon saw the doctor. Once he got the checkup list from doctor, Mr. Wang scanned the code on
               the list to pay, and directly went to the laboratory to draw blood. The blood test result was sent to his
               mobile phone once available. Finally, the doctor wrote out a prescription. Mr. Wang made the
               “medical insurance payment” through his mobile phone and immediately got his medicine at the
               pharmacy. The patient can quickly complete the entire process of diagnosis, checkup, payment, and
               obtaining medication by simply using his or her mobile phone.

               In addition, patients with chronic diseases such as high blood pressure and diabetes can receive
               post-treatment consultation with the “Future Hospital” doctors through remote video at home, and can
               enjoy medication delivery service.


             Standardized Consumer Healthcare Services

              The rising demand for healthy living by the public has accelerated the rapid development of consumer
              healthcare products and services related to “health management” including aesthetic medicine, physical
              examination and oral health. Currently, consumer healthcare has become the most market-oriented sector
              of the medical industry, while it is also the most under-regulated field.

              Providing consumers with safe and convenient standardized professional medical services is Alibaba
              Health’s consumer healthcare business’ goal and most basic intention. Alibaba Health actively cooperates
              with various medical and healthcare service institutions to empower its partners to provide medical and
              healthcare services and value-added services such as health education and consultation appointments.




86
                                                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                               2019 Annual Report




                                              ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



      Case: Alibaba Health cooperates with Allergan to set a new standard for aesthetic medicine

      In 2018, Alibaba Health established a strategic partnership with Allergan, a leading company in the
      aesthetic medicine industry, which is committed to establishing new industry service standards,
      providing consumers with transparent and authentic aesthetic medicine information, and helping
      consumers choose regulated aesthetic medicine institutions, doctors and products. During the
      “Double-Twelve” shopping festival, more than 100 aesthetic medicine institutions in the “Professional
      and Authentic Alliance” initiated by Allergan launched a “safe and worry-free” promotion venue in the
      AliHealth Flagship Store. In this venue, aesthetic medicine products, doctors and institutions were
      strictly selected, to provide consumers with authentic products and professional services. The
      cooperation between the two parties also provides a tool for consumers to identify official products.
      Consumers need only scan the drug tracking code on the package with a mobile phone to check the
      drug’s authenticity.

      In the future, Alibaba Health and Allergan will further improve the aesthetic medicine standards and
      consumer rights protection system, enhance mutual trust between institutions and consumers, and
      relay beautiful positive energy.


     Diverse and Varied Healthy Product Choices

     Alibaba Health brings together highly competitive brands and large-scale brands and distributors in the
     medical and healthcare industry to fully meet consumer needs by providing a full range of quality
     products at reasonable prices. AliHealth Pharmacy offers consumers an effective solution for online
     purchase of OTC (over-the-counter) and imported health products, while the e-commerce platform allows
     consumers to access more health food, medical equipments, adult and family planning products, contact
     lenses and medical health services, forming a complete medical and healthcare ecosystem.

     The online platforms such as AliHealth Pharmacy, Tmall Pharmacy, and AliHealth Flagship Store have
     basically covered the most used OTC drugs to meet the daily medicine needs of consumers. For those
     scarce medicines for rare diseases, consumers can access relevant information and purchase channels
     through Alibaba Health’s “Global Drug Search Alliance” page, so that consumers make more informed
     purchase choices based on transparent product information. At the same time, Alibaba Health’s “one-
     click order, drug delivery to your home” model further improves the consumer experience to buy
     medicine anytime, anywhere.

2.   24-hour care

     “It’s all about enduring when falling ill in the middle of the night”, “It’s too late to bother others”.
     Everyone has had an unpleasant experience of being sick and trying to purchase medicine at night.
     Alibaba Health and its offline partners worked together to explore a solution to providing 24-hour
     medicine delivery, on the one hand, increasing the availability of medicines by operating nighttime
     pharmacies and smart medicine cabinets, and on the other hand, promptly meeting consumer’s medicine
     needs by providing urgent medicine delivery services.




                                                                                                                 87
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                      “We have 17 pharmacies cooperating with Alibaba Health on its 24-hour Pharmacy, to help
               nearby residents cope with the embarrassment of buying adult products during the day and the
               difficulty of getting medicine at night. After the launch of the 24-hour Pharmacy, the orders received
               on the mobile phone of store manager keep coming in non-stop. This new retail model not only drives
               pharmacy sales, but also meets the needs of nearby residents for urgent medication, especially in
               relation to children with nighttime fever, acute stomach pain and diarrhea.”

                                                  — Qi Li, Chairman of Hangzhou Jiuzhou Pharmacy Chain Co., Ltd.


             Urgent Medicine Delivery Service — Timely Delivery

              From 2018 to 2019, Alibaba Health successively launched its 24/7 urgent medicine delivery service in the
              five cities of Hangzhou, Beijing, Guangzhou, Shenzhen and Wuhan, which guarantees daytime deliveries
              within 30-minutes and late-night orders within an hour. The user is able to place medicine orders after
              confirming the medical problem by conducting a “30-second question and answer” online consultation
              with the doctor in the “emergency medication” scenario on the Taobao platform. The offline pharmacies
              cooperating with Alibaba Health will process the orders, and the Feng Niao couriers will guarantee the
              timeliness of medicine delivery. During the day, the cooperative chain pharmacies provide the 30-minute
              emergency drug delivery service. When night falls, the delivery staff will be stationed around the night
              pharmacy. Whether it is a painkiller order at midnight in the middle of the night, or a fever relief pad
              order at 4am, the delivery staff will deliver the medicine to the consumer within one hour.

              As of March 31, 2019, Alibaba Health provides urgent medicine delivery service in 105 cities nationwide
              including Shanghai, Chengdu, Nanjing and Hefei, and will roll this out to more cities in the future.




88
                                                                    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                           2019 Annual Report




                                         ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


Night Pharmacy — Guaranteed Supply

Although there are over 400,000 offline pharmacies in the Chinese market, there are few 24-hour
pharmacies available to meet the needs of consumers around the clock. Alibaba Health analyzes the
demand for medicine and delivery times under various consumption scenarios with Internet technology
and cooperates with pharmacies to provide 24-hour service, so that consumers are able to purchase
medicines and have delivery services at any time.

Smart Medicine Cabinet — Cost Reduction

For those pharmacies that are unable to provide 24-hour service, Alibaba Health has developed a 24-
hour smart medicine cabinet to realize self-service purchase of common medicines and make it a hub for
medicine delivery at night. In the future, smart medicine cabinets will cover more offline pharmacies to
meet the urgent medical needs of more communities and residents.

Online Service — Medication Guidance

Our 24-hour care guardianship for consumers is not only reflected in the timely delivery of medicines, but
also in the provision of health knowledge. In order to help consumers accurately understand their health
condition and what medication is appropriate, we have professionals such as practicing doctors and
licensed pharmacists on the platform of AliHealth Pharmacy to provide consumers with multi-level,
professional and convenient health consultation services and health guidance through graphic
consultation, telephone consultation and online Q&A, etc.

We not only provide consultation and guidance on medication, but also pay special attention to the
psychological state behind the purchase behavior of consumers to control the potential risk of drug
abuse. Alibaba Health’s comprehensively evaluates any tendency of the consumer towards medication
abuse during the consultation process. Upon discovery of any sign of medication abuse, the advanced
customer service will take over the consultation case, and promptly communicate and persuade the
consumer, trying their best to avoid medication abuse incidents and to protect consumer safety.




                                                                                                             89
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



               Case: Alibaba Health’s customer promptly called the police to save a Suzhou woman from
               committing suicide through purchasing drugs online

               “What is the lethal dose of this medicine?” A sudden question raised by a consumer alerted a Alibaba
               Health pharmacist on duty on the Taobao platform that something was wrong.

               The pharmacist immediately asked: “Dear, is there anything bothering you?”

               The consumer replied: “I can’t live anymore.”

               In this urgent circumstance, the pharmacist promptly contacted the Suzhou Police, and at the same
               time reported the case to the head of Alibaba Health’s Customer Service. After fully understanding the
               situation, the team leader began to comfort the consumer, talking about life, family, and friendship, to
               divert her attention.

               With the joint efforts of Alibaba Health’s Customer Service and the Suzhou Police, the consumer was
               eventually rescued from the brink. This time, they defeated the death by swift reaction.

               Afterwards, the police from Binhu New City Police Station of Suzhou Wujiang Public Security Bureau
               said, “Alibaba Health’s Customer Service played a key role in this successful rescue, in which the
               timely, effective and accurate information exchange between the police and Customer Service largely
               helped to prevent at suicide.”




90
                                                                           ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                  2019 Annual Report




                                                 ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


3.   Health Education

     We believe that health knowledge education can not only transfer knowledge but can also deliver
     health. Through health education, the public’s health knowledge level will be improved, the information
     asymmetry of doctors and patients will be effectively alleviated, and the public will be guided to
     conduct correct and efficient health management.


     In order to improve the popularity of health knowledge, Alibaba
     Health jointly launched a public health knowledge tool named
     YiZhiLu, with government agencies, medical institutions and
     authoritative media. By searching for the name of the disease in
     YiZhiLu, the patient can find original knowledge cards that have
     been reviewed by an expert team, and which present relevant
     knowledge including regarding disease prevention, symptom
     judgment, treatment plan, treatment guide of national
     authoritative hospitals, and daily care during rehabilitation.
     YiZhiLu also publishes information on the distribution of medical
                                                                             YiZhiLu was recognized as an
     departments, common symptoms, treatment cost, and key
                                                                           Innovative Service Case by the Fifth
     information of commonly used drugs on the knowledge card to
                                                                           China (Beijing) International Service
     eliminate the information asymmetry of doctors and patients. In
                                                                                         Trade Fair
     July 2018, Alibaba Health and a number of professional
     institutions in the medical and healthcare industry together
     established the “National Intelligent Medicine Research Institute”,
     formed the YiZhiLu Expert Committee covering 30 subject
     areas, through which more than 300 experts professionally
     review the content of YiZhiLu. As of March 31, 2019, YiZhiLu
     had over 2,500 entries covering guidance for severe illnesses,
     and health knowledge and disease information.




                                                                                                                    91
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



               Case: Disease Prevention Knowledge Database launched to popularize health knowledge
               using Internet +

               On May 30, 2018, the Disease Prevention Knowledge Database, which was hosted by Health News as
               entrusted to by the Disease Control and Prevention Bureau of National Health Commission, and
               supported by Alibaba Health, Ant Financial and Pfizer China, was officially launched on the Healthy
               China App, Alipay App and Alibaba Health vaccine service platform to provide the public with health
               knowledge on child vaccination, infectious disease prevention and control, and chronic disease
               management.

               With resources from professional institutions and the national disease control system, the Knowledge
               Database aims to conduct health science through new methods such as “Internet + healthcare” and
               “Internet + education of medical science”. The Knowledge Database can help Chinese children and
               parents get the most scientific, accurate and practical health knowledge, so as to realize “Healthy
               China” through the healthy life of every ordinary person.


               Case: China’s first guide for colorectal cancer patients published, providing patients with a
               full-process and targeted anti-cancer strategy

               On January 8, 2019, the press release event for the “Guide for Colorectal Cancer Patients” sponsored
               by Health Times and Alibaba Health was held in Beijing. This was the first guide for colorectal cancer
               patients in China and was put together by 22 top Chinese experts in colorectal cancer working
               together. From the perspective of patients, this guide uses Q&A to explain medical knowledge and
               therapies in a way that can be easily understood and applied by patients and is closer to the tone of
               doctor-patient interview, and provides patients with comprehensive anti-cancer strategies from
               prevention, diagnosis, treatment to rehabilitation.


II.    TRACKING SYSTEM, MAKING PRODUCTS TRUSTWORTHY

       Alibaba Health regards product quality as a priority and implements quality supervision throughout its whole
       business. We have established a complete quality control mechanism, which includes sound operational
       procedures for product quality control, as well as management practices for customer service quality to ensure
       the quality and safety of products and services delivered to consumers.




92
                                                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report




                                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


1.   Production Circulation Traceability

     The drug information tracking system has become a key area of
     concern of the state for future drug management. On April 4,
     2019, National Medical Products Administration officially issued
     the “Guiding Principles on the Construction of Drug Information
     Tracking System” and “Coding Requirements for Drug Tracking
     Code”. Since 2016, Alibaba Health has established a third-party
     tracking platform “Ma Shang Fang Xin”, which assigns a tracking
     code on the smallest of drug packaging to provide a “unique
     code for each object”, which is completely consistent with
     national design requirements. Consumers only need to scan the
     20-digit tracking code starting with the number “8” on the
     product packaging to obtain information about the drug. The
     drug tracking system has achieved traceability across the entire
     life cycle of the drugs from production, distribution to use,
     ensuring that “the source can be verified and circulation can be   “Ma Shang Fang Xin” was recognized
     tracked, and accountability can be pursued.” This action              as among the Top Ten Internet
     enhances product safety and protects public health. As of            Healthcare Platforms by the 11th
     March 31, 2019, the number of drug manufacturers that have                China Healthcare Forum
     signed up to and renewed their subscriptions on the “Ma Shang
     Fang Xin” platform accounted for more than 85% of the total
     number of drug manufacturers in China. Among them, the
     coverage of products in respect of which the state is highly
     concerned (including vaccines) exceeds 95%. The “Ma Shang
     Fang Xin” platform will help the comprehensive implementation
     of drug information tracking systems nationally and promote the
     healthy development of the industry.


     While further improving the drug tracking system, the “Ma Shang Fang Xin” platform has gradually
     expanded its provision of services in non-pharmaceutical fields, making production and circulation more
     transparent for food and healthcare products as well as other consumer goods, giving assurance to
     consumers. During the reporting period, the “Ma Shang Fang Xin” platform covered industries such as
     food, alcohol, nutritional healthcare products and cosmetics.

     Drug Tracking

     Alibaba Health actively responded to national requirements regarding the construction of drug information
     tracking systems, upgraded the “Ma Shang Fang Xin” pharmaceutical industry 2.0 standard during the
     year, strengthened the control and application of the drug tracking code, and helped consumers and
     pharmaceutical manufacturers, pharmaceutical wholesale enterprises and pharmacies to recognize the
     meaning and value of traceability. Alibaba Health also helps them to participate in the process of tracking
     system construction, so that the tracking system can achieve more comprehensive coverage and an
     “ecological tracking application” can be created.



                                                                                                                   93
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


              We are highly concerned about vaccine traceability and are committed to delivering a full process tracking
              system for vaccines from manufacturers, logistics companies, disease control centers, grassroots
              vaccination agencies to vaccine recipients. In addition, we have launched pilot construction of a full-line
              cold-chain transportation tracking system, and successfully achieved closed-loop information traceability
              and refined management on the direction of circulation and temperature of vaccines.


               Case: “Ma Shang Fang Xin” achieves full-process cold-chain tracking to safeguard vaccine
               quality

               At the Xinmin Community Health Service Center in Wuhan Economic & Technological Development
               Zone (Hannan), 9-month old Xiaohe was receiving a vaccination: the nurse picked up a vaccine and
               scanned the code on the vaccine box with a barcode scanner. The computer immediately displayed
               information on the manufacturer, production batch number and temperature of the vaccine. The nurse
               then picked up Xiaohe’s vaccination booklet and scanned the code on the first page, following which
               Xiaohe’s information and the vaccine information were linked. In case the vaccine had problems, it
               could be traced to Xiaohe accurately. With this tracking system, parents whose children receive
               vaccinations can be assured.

               Nowadays, every vaccine from the Wuhan Economic & Technological Development Zone (Hannan),
               Wuchang District, Huangpi District, and Dongxihu District has its own “ID card”, which can not only
               help the disease control center to achieve paperless recording and management of vaccinations but
               also link each vaccine to the recipient. If the vaccine in transit has unknown source or temperature
               control problems, the tracking system will issue an immediate warning, and the disease control center
               will refuse to accept the vaccine. In the future, Wuhan will apply the tracking system for vaccines
               throughout the entire city, making it easier and safer for citizens to receive vaccinations.




94
                                                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                            2019 Annual Report




                                         ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



Case: “Ma Shang Fang Xin” protects every vaccination recipient

In 2018, the Changchun Changsheng vaccine incident raised public concerns about vaccine quality
and safety. “Ma Shang Fang Xin” platform responded promptly by labelling all the problematic vaccines
and warning consumers, using the power of technology to protect every vaccination recipient.

Not long after the vaccine incident was uncovered, a group of technical engineers from Alibaba Health
spontaneously set up a temporary project team. The team immediately began intense development
work lasting more than 20 hours and successfully created a system for tracking the problematic
vaccines. By scanning the electronic surveillance code or tracking code on the packaging, the public
could receive information on the manufacturer, batch number, expiration date and other relevant
information of the vaccine. If the vaccine had any problem, the application would inform users with a
prominent warning.

Shortly after the function was launched, the development team received feedback from parents that
they only had the vaccination booklet but had not kept the vaccine packaging. Therefore, the code-
scanning inquiry function could not be used. As a result, the team urgently started to work on a
second version. Parents could find out whether the vaccine had problems by entering the production
batch information. At this point, the parents were finally able to dispel their doubts.

The team’s efforts working overnight involved complex emotions. An engineer in the team said that he
had never considered a father’s role before when writing code. However, things became different
when he suddenly received a task that concerned the health of children. He felt his role switching
between a father and a programmer.

The “Vaccine Quick Search” platform has helped many parents identify whether the vaccines received
by their children are problematic, giving them greater relief. In the future, Alibaba Health will continue
to focus on the full-process tracking management and information transparency of vaccines, so that
the public can receive vaccinations without concern and we can rebuild the public’s confidence in
vaccinations.




                                                                                                              95
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


             Non-pharmaceutical Product Tracking

              In addition to pharmaceutical product tracking, Alibaba Health’s “Ma Shang Fang Xin” platform covers a
              wide range of non-pharmaceutical products such as imported foods, health products, cosmetics and
              agricultural products. It uses one-to-one-code tracking technology to track goods and collect information
              about production, transportation, customs clearance, inspection and third-party inspection, so that
              consumers can quickly and easily obtain non-pharmaceutical product production and circulation
              information to dispel their concerns.

              Alibaba Health established a tracking system for non-pharmaceutical product categories that consumers
              are most concerned about such as milk powder, pork and eggs. In the future, we will further expand the
              tracking product categories so that consumers can purchase safer products.


               Case: Tracking code provides tracking for milk powder to provide consumers with safe milk
               powder

               For imported milk powder, working with Tmall Global, Alibaba Health provided tracking codes for milk
               powder from overseas-shopping concentrated areas such as Australia and New Zealand, and tracked
               the important points during the process of import and export. The tracking codes cover 26 well-
               known milk powder brands exported to China. Through the tracking code, each can of milk powder
               has its own “identity card”. For domestic milk powder, Alibaba Health also teamed up with Tmall to
               provide tracking service for six major milk powder brands.

               As to the tracking method, consumers can scan the QR code on the milk powder can to view the
               details of the place of origin, production date, manufacture date, expiration date, quality inspection
               report etc. If the milk powder is imported, the customs information can also be provided and verified,
               which provides assurance on the quality of the milk powder.


       2.     Strict Control on Quality Standards

             Product Quality Control

              Alibaba Health continually improves the quality management level towards platform products, and strictly
              complies with laws and regulations such as the Food Safety Law of the PRC, the Drug Administration
             Law of the PRC, the Measures for the Administration of Drug Trading Licenses of the PRC, and the
             Interim Provisions for Examination and Approval of Internet Drug Trading Services of the PRC . We have
              established quality controls strictly following the Good Supply Practice for Pharmaceutical Products (GSP)
              and formulated Alibaba Health’s quality management standards. A dedicated quality control team
              establishes full-line business management and control mechanisms to improve the overall quality of
              products through various quality testing measures, building a cornerstone for consumer health.




96
                                                                    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                           2019 Annual Report




                                         ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


In September 2018, Alibaba Health released the Super Pharmacy 1.0 standard, which includes six major
standards: global product search, big data selection, sampling inspection, full-process monitoring, drug
tracking and all-day licensed pharmacist service. Among the standards, sampling inspection, full-process
monitoring and drug tracking are based on standardized management process and the full-process risk
management and control, and aim to ensure drug safety for consumers.

Standardization management process

Alibaba Health implements 100% full-process quality control for self-operated store products, and strictly
implements a series of standardized processes such as “warehousing identity verification, cool warehouse
management, transparent laboratory sampling inspection, expiration management and double-check
review”. In addition, we have established an evaluation model for our platform that comprehensively
evaluates the quality and safety of products as well as customer experience. According to the model
evaluation scores, we carry out different actions such as removal of product listings or termination of
cooperation, whole-Internet search blocking and search decentralization towards non-qualified products to
keep those products out of Alibaba Health’s platform.

We have established comprehensive quality management standards for platform merchants, including
platform business development requirements, merchant admission criteria, contract renewal conditions,
etc. We use quality control software products to monitor the quality of merchants, through multi-
dimensional analysis, such as in relation to false promotion keyword searches, consumer negative
feedback evaluation and refunds for quality issues and adopt punitive measures such as informing
merchants to remove their products or whole-Internet clearance in relation to unqualified products
discovered by sample checks.

Full-process risk management and control

We have established quality control standards for more than 3,000 merchants on the Alibaba Health
platform, and maintain product quality by applying strict admission conditions, “mystery sampling” and
third-party quality inspections.

In order to further control the quality of health products, food and medicine sold on Tmall Pharmacy and
by AliHealth Pharmacy, Alibaba Health established a “Transparent Laboratory” performing unscheduled
quality inspections on healthcare products. Targeted tests are conducted on both problematic products
as notified by the food and drug administration department and on best-selling products. As of March
31, 2019, the “Transparent Laboratory” completed testing of a total of 2,128 batches, among which 12
batches were found unqualified and whose product listings were removed from the store. In addition to
quality inspections, the “Transparent Laboratory” also delved deeper into the production workshops and
warehouses of upstream suppliers to conduct full process inspections.

Service Quality Control

As consumers’ health awareness continues to increase, the demand for consumer healthcare products
and services such as aesthetic medicine, physical examination, and oral health is rapidly increasing.
However, the quality of offline medical institutions is uneven at present, which not only affects
consumers’ medical service experience, but also may infringe on the legitimate rights and interests of
consumers and affect their health.




                                                                                                             97
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


              In order to provide consumers with better consumer healthcare services and protect consumer rights, we
              have established strict platform admittance rules, management practices and standard review procedures
              to conduct quality control management on consumer healthcare products. Before admitting merchants,
              we will review their qualification documents, conduct field visits and assign personnel to the offline
              medical institutions. In addition, we examine the medical management documents, service processes,
              contents of the GSP management processes of pharmacies, and carry out on-site inspections to ensure
              that the qualifications provided are consistent with the actual on-site situation.

              We provide “safe and secure services” for a series of consumer healthcare products on the platform.
              When consumers purchase medical and healthcare service products with the “safe and secure service”
              logo on Tmall, they can be assured of the merchant’s promise in relation to 100% “no hidden fees” and
              100% standardized care service according to our agreement. If the merchant fails to provide “safe and
              secure service”, it shall refund the consumer according to our regulations.

              We provide consumers with the “Alibaba Health Aesthetic Medicine Protection Plan”, through which
              merchants involved will provide consumers with medical insurance. If there is a medical accident,
              consumers could make a claim with the insurance company. We also conduct regular sampling and
              qualification reviews for all merchants, and listen to consumer feedback to determine if the merchant
              should continue to be on the platform. Once we find and verify any illegal use of medical products by
              merchants, we adopt a zero-tolerance attitude and resolutely remove the merchants from our platform.

III.   HEALTHCARE UPGRADE TO HELP INDUSTRY ACHIEVE FUTURE TRANSFORMATION

       Alibaba Health has always been committed to using technology to help develop the medical industry, enriching
       the ways in which people pursue health using the Internet. As “Internet + Healthcare” enters the era of
       cutting-edge technologies such as big data and artificial intelligence, Alibaba Health’s original aspiration to help
       upgrade traditional healthcare is growing stronger. In 2019, Alibaba Health focused on the integrated
       development of the healthcare industry chain, including promoting information upgrade of hospitals, developing
       intelligent medicine solutions for practical medical scenarios, and improving medical experience for consumer-
       end users, to form a complete medical service loop, enabling participants in all sectors of the medical industry
       chain to obtain convenient access and high-quality experience through Alibaba Health’s platform.

       1.     Technology is the First Productivity

              The rapid development of technology creates more possibilities for industry upgrade, including for the
              medical industry. The innovation of technologies such as cloud computing, Internet of Things, and artificial
              intelligence has given Alibaba Health an opportunity to promote intelligent upgrade of medical industry.
              Whether through the “Medical Brain” based on data and cloud service, or the creative mode of “facial
              recognition medical service”, or the comprehensive upgrade of “Future Hospitals”, Alibaba Health has
              demonstrated its leading position in medical industry technology innovation, providing effective solutions
              for achieving breakthroughs to deal with the background problem of undersupply of traditional medical
              resources.




98
                                                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                               2019 Annual Report




                                              ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


What’s more, Alibaba Health expects to use technology to drive and accelerate China’s medical inclusion
process. Artificial intelligence technology can quickly learn the experience of doctors from first-class
hospitals and provide medical solutions, to promote the sharing and gradual transfer of quality medical
resources towards basic medical institutions. Big data technology can effectively integrate and improve
the accuracy of medical services and help decision-making in primary medical institutions. Meanwhile, the
mobile Internet has blurred urban boundaries and the current imbalance of medical resources between
cities, and between cities and rural areas, can be solved by covering a wider range of mobile Internet
and telemedicine systems.

In 2018, Alibaba Health ranked first in the “2018 China Medical Artificial Intelligence Enterprise List” jointly
published by Internet Weekly and eNet due to its mature research and development capabilities and
multi-application scenarios in the field of artificial intelligence.

Medical Brain Upgraded to Version 2.0

With the increasing demand for medical services, the demerits of imbalanced allocation of medical
resources in China has become prominent. Whether it is the insufficient supply of core medical services
due to the slow growth in the number of professional physicians, or the resistance caused by the
concentration of high-quality resources in the first-class hospitals, the objective result is poor treatment
experience. In order to improve and alleviate imbalanced distribution of medical resources, Alibaba Health
and Alibaba Cloud jointly created the medical artificial intelligence system “Medical Brain” and upgraded it
to version 2.0 in September 2018. Version 2.0 has been strengthened in relation to textual structure,
physiological signal and other fundamental capacity building, and concentrates on five major applications
in clinical medicine, scientific research, training education, hospital management and future urban medical
brain.

“The machine should be an assistant, not a competitor.” In this era, the existence of “Medical Brain 2.0”
has greatly enhanced medical service capacity, changed the medical supply structure, and extended the
resources and service capabilities of the first-class hospitals to underdeveloped areas. Whether it is
intelligent lung AI that helps screen lung diseases, or EEG epilepsy diagnosis products that can
significantly improve the efficiency of doctors’ EEG readings, we have fully demonstrated the capabilities
and possibilities of machine assistants. In the future users in more regions will be able to enjoy smarter
life-cycle health services at a lower cost.

The Era of “Facial Recognition Medical Service”

On October 15, 2018, the first “full process facial recognition medical service” jointly developed by Health
and Family Planning Bureau of Hangzhou Yuhang District, Alibaba Health and Alipay, was officially
launched at First People’s Hospital of Yuhang District. Patients can complete a series of medical
treatment procedures such as setting up a file, registration, payment, and printing receipts on the self-
service machine using facial recognition, while doctors can read patient information and receive patients
for consultation in the same way. The whole process of facial recognition medical service from linking
facial information, selecting payment items, choosing facial recognition payment to printing receipts can
be finished under 20 seconds. The world’s first eye print and living technology will ensure an accuracy
and safety of 99.99 percent.




                                                                                                                 99
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT



                      “People who come to our hospital to see a doctor will no longer need to search for their ID
               card or bank card in their bags and the parents who are carrying their child can also complete the
               process with one hand. It will greatly ease patient anxiety and traffic in the hospital.”

                                                — Li Xiao Jun, the Deputy Dean of First People’s Hospital of Yuhang District


              Beyond the facial recognition system, Alibaba Health is still actively exploring the operation mode of the
              “Future Hospital”, transforming the traditional medical process through access to Alipay’s medical service
              on credit, DingTalk’s hospital management system, Alibaba Cloud’s blockchain electronic prescription and
              other solutions. We hope to use Internet technology to change the working mode of hospitals and
              doctors, and truly realize the comprehensive improvement of doctors’ working efficiency, hospital
              management efficiency and medical service experience, to create an efficient and intelligent health
              ecosystem.

              Leveraging Alibaba Health’s technical capabilities in cloud computing, artificial intelligence and Internet of
              Things, the “Future Hospital” can realize intelligence upgrade on the basis of data security, and help
              hospitals build information systems, improve data acquisition capabilities, and gradually enrich medical
              service information databases, so as to enhance hospital service capabilities, allowing hospitals to reach
              out to patients efficiently and accurately.

       2.     Facilitating Industrial Transformation

              Technological innovation is setting off a wave in the medical industry. Faced with the development trends
              of smart technology and informatization, the entire medical industry is beginning to change. From
              hospitals to pharmacies to specific brands, Alibaba Health is helping these partners stand out from the
              crowd.

             Initiator of Industry Alliance

              As an important part of the medical industry chain, offline pharmacy stores are the direct way to reach
              consumers. In line with the empowerment of offline pharmacies to help them better meet consumer
              demands and promote industry standardized development, Alibaba Health launched the “China
              Pharmaceutical O2O Pioneer Alliance”. Starting with three aspects including concept upgrade, product
              upgrade and service upgrade, the Alliance Pharmacy is built as a social convenient shopping portal and
              community health service portal.

               China Pharmaceuticals O2O Pioneer Alliance

               Alibaba Health’s “China Pharmaceuticals O2O Pioneer Alliance” covers more than 260 chain
               pharmacies, with 40,000 offline pharmacy stores in over 400 cities. Taking advantage of Alibaba
               Group’s technology and capacity, the O2O Alliance has established a platform to integrate online and
               offline services, helping alliance pharmacies achieve efficient distribution and delivery of high-quality
               drugs, ensuring inventory and supply of commonly used drugs, strengthening service quality and
               capacity of pharmacy stores, to create value for pharmacy stores while bringing consumers improved
               medicine purchasing experience.




100
                                                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                            2019 Annual Report




                                         ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


The O2O Alliance has accelerated the deep integration of online and offline services in medical industry.
While strengthening traditional pharmacy service capacity, the pharmacy function will be expanded to the
“online diagnosis + pharmacy” mode, enriching service scenarios and even covering healthcare sectors
including chronic disease management, rehabilitation guidance and disease prevention.

Catalyst for Brand Growth

On September 12, 2018, Alibaba Health officially launched the Global Health Brand Hub, which marked
how helping medical and healthcare brands’ growth has become an integral part of Alibaba Health’s
business.

With the Brand Hub, Alibaba Health will start with early stage consumer insights, to identify core
consumer groups and potential groups, and then introduce algorithmic mechanisms to rationally optimize
supply chain operation efficiency and conduct inventory forecasting, and to avoid brand damage or
consumer loss caused by inventory redundancy or shortage. The Hub will help brands to develop
differentiated operational strategies, to support precise media placement and channel stratification
decisions, and ultimately help brands achieve considerable sales growth while making great progress in
supply chain management, operation structure and product value.


 Case: The localization of Elevit

 Elevit is familiar to women who are preparing for pregnancy. It can supply vitamins, minerals and trace
 elements that pregnant and breast-feeding women additionally require. However, the Elevit launched in
 Australia for men is still alien to domestic consumers. In this regard, Alibaba Health actively
 communicated with Elevit to develop a scientific solution helping Elevit to strengthen consumer
 education and enhance brand recognition through brand image breakthrough, to ultimately complete
 localization smoothly.


 Case: Alibaba Health contributes to AiLi’s brand evolution

 As an old partner of Alibaba Health, AiLi had always performed well in weight loss products until last
 year, when its sales growth began to slow down. After learning about the situation, the Brand Hub
 began to help AiLi find the key problem. Using consumer insight analysis, Alibaba Health found that
 AiLi ‘s current operating strategy could not effectively match the purchasing demands and habits of
 different consumers. Therefore, Alibaba Health helped AiLi identify the differentiated needs of
 consumers, conduct channel stratification, promote the retention and transformation of consumers at
 different stages, and activate older consumers while stimulating the growth of new customers, to
 ultimately help AiLi achieve refined operational structure optimization and achieve turnover growth.




                                                                                                            101
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


IV.    RESPONSIBLE OPERATIONS ACHIEVING MULTI-WIN

       1.     Compliant operations

              Alibaba Health integrates social responsibility into its business operations, upholds the value of honesty,
              adopts open and positive “sunshine” management, strictly eliminates any form of corruption, bribery and
              fraud, manages suppliers with high-level standards, and protects intellectual property rights of Alibaba
              Health and external parties. We are committed to adhering to the bottom line of compliance
              management.

             Business Integrity

              Having inherited the core values of Alibaba Group, Alibaba Health has incorporated the concept of
              integrity and compliance in its corporate values. Alibaba Health has adopted the Alibaba Group Code of
              Business Conduct and requests all new employees to accept on-site business conduct training. We
              conduct annual business conduct certification for all employees, and are committed to be a self-
              disciplined company with integrity.

              Alibaba Health established anti-fraud reporting channels and a real-name reporting system. An Alibaba
              Health integrity team was also established to investigate and deal with possible fraud incidents, and to
              report to executives and external regulators in a timely manner.

              Aiming to prevent any form of fraud, Alibaba Health conducts an annual training on anti-corruption topics
              for employees, works to enhance the legal awareness of employees, and urges employees to adhere to
              the high standards of integrity-based business operations. During the reporting period, Alibaba Health
              conducted 1,029 person-times of integrity training with an average of five hours of training per person.
              During the reporting period, there was no lawsuit against the Company arising out of fraud.

             Supplier Management

              Alibaba Health’s procurement for its core business mainly includes drugs, healthcare products and
              medical devices for its self-operated pharmacy business, and office consumables, advertisements, legal
              services, marketing and renovation for its non-core business. Alibaba Health attaches great importance to
              supplier management, follows Alibaba’s procurement rules, implements open and transparent
              procurement, regulates procurement behavior, prevents and controls procurement risks, and strives to
              create a responsible supply chain.

                                                        Number of Suppliers

               Domestic suppliers of core business                                                                 462

               Overseas suppliers of core business                                                                  51

               Suppliers of non-core business                                                                      130




102
                                                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report




                                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Alibaba Health has established a strict procurement management system to regulate procurement. For
     self-operated business, the Company has clear requirements to manage and control the quality of drugs
     at every stage, such as receipt, acceptance check, storage, maintenance, delivery from warehouse,
     transportation and return, in strict compliance with GSP. We established the Alibaba Health Supplier
     Management System , standardized the procedures of supplier database entry and supplier information
     inputting, and established the supplier rating system, and supplier evaluation and elimination mechanism.
     Additionally, we established the Alibaba Health Procedure for Non-Core Business Procurement , defining
     the scope of non-core business, initiation, approval and payment processes. We manage the suppliers of
     our non-core business and ensure legal compliance with procurement activities.

     Protecting Intellectual Property Rights

     Alibaba Health attaches great importance to the management and protection of intellectual property
     rights, and strictly abides by the Patent Law of the PRC , the Trademark Law of the PRC and the
     Copyright Law of the PRC and other laws and regulations to protect the Company’s legal rights and
     interests and contribute to the order of the Internet-based pharmaceutical and healthcare market. We
     adopted Alibaba Group’s Code of Business Conduct, requesting each employee of Alibaba Health to
     comply with the provisions and conditions specified in the agreements relevant to proprietary information
     and inventions signed by Alibaba Group. Third party names, brands, logos, data or software must be
     used carefully under applicable laws and authorization from intellectual property holders.

2.   Employee Care

     Alibaba Health has always adhered to a people-oriented philosophy, safeguarding the rights and interests
     of every employee, attaching importance to the personal development of employees, providing stable
     development and promotion channels, caring about the physical and mental health of employees,
     creating a safe and harmonious working environment, and promoting work-life balance to achieve
     sustainable development.

     Employee Rights

     In strict compliance with the Labor Law of the People’s Republic of China , the Labor Contract Law of the
     People’s Republic of China and other laws and regulations, Alibaba Health prohibits the employment of
     child workers and forced labor, and upholds the principles of openness, equality and anti-discrimination in
     its recruitment, to safeguard the rights and interests of employees. We strictly abide by the Social
     Insurance Law of the PRC and the Regulations on the Administration of Housing Provident Funds , and
     have formulated a salary management system and various employee incentive policies. We pay “five
     insurances and one fund” for employees with labor contracts, and provide allowances, performance
     distributions and rewards, etc.




                                                                                                                 103
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


              As at the end of the reporting period, the number of full-time employees was 808, of which 42.8% was
              female.

                                                    Employee Structure (persons)

                                                      Senior management                                             32
               Number of employees by
                                                      Middle management                                             56
               management hierarchy
                                                      Employees                                                    720

                                                      29 years of age or under                                     270

               Number of employees by age             30 to 50 years of age                                        535

                                                      51 years of age or above                                        3

               Number of employees by                 Male                                                         462
               gender                                 Female                                                       346


             Employee Training

              We always attach importance to the continual development of employees and the improvement of
              personal value. Based on Alibaba Group’s training platform, we integrate internal and external resources,
              and have established a multi-level training system, covering employees from different systems and
              different levels, to promote career development of employees.

              We actively help employees achieve personal value and focus on the improvement of their professional
              and technical skills. For employees from different business lines such as technology, business, and
              operation, we provide customized training courses for them to fully understand the medical and
              healthcare industry and the Internet industry. We also make full use of Alibaba Group’s comprehensive
              training system to encourage employees to use the Group’s online learning platform. We regularly invite
              Alibaba Group’s business elites to give lectures about the company’s business, research and
              development, operations and policies and invite external experts to conduct professional training in public
              relations, legal affairs, finance and other fields to enhance employees’ professional skills.

              We also create training programs catered for employees at different levels. We provide a three-day
              “AliHealth Welcomes New Arrivals” orientation training to all new hires. In the training, we promote our
              corporate values and culture and comprehensively introduce the Company’s business to help them
              quickly adapt to their new work environment. For mid-level employees, we have created customized
              product-oriented or technology-oriented training and conduct leadership and management ability training.
              Through the manager training program, monthly management meetings and other activities, the
              Company’s senior management discuss the Company’s future development and share their management
              experiences.




104
                                                                    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                           2019 Annual Report




                                         ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT




                                      New hire training

In order to help employees understand industry dynamics and future trends, we regularly invite internal
and external experts to share industry development trends with employees. At the same time, we provide
opportunities for employees to participate in external meetings and trainings to help them learn from
diverse channels and keep informed of the latest industry trends.

During the reporting period, more than 800 Alibaba Health employees participated in trainings, with an
average of 76 hours of training per person.

                        Alibaba Health’s Training Data by Employee’s Level

                                                                     Percentage of Average training
                                                                            training                   hours

  Senior Management                                                             100%                       72

  Middle Management                                                             100%                      144

  Employees                                                                     100%                       70


Employee Care

We strictly abide by the Occupational Disease Prevention and Control Law of the PRC and the Safety
Production Law of the PRC and other laws and regulations, work to improve safety management, and
are committed to creating a healthy and safe working environment for our employees. We arrange free
medical check-ups for employees every year, provide additional medical insurance, and provide paid
maternity leave for female employees and lactating rooms for nursing female employees. During the
reporting period, we did not experience any work-related injury and fatal accidents, and the lost time due
to work-related injuries was zero.




                                                                                                           105
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


              Alibaba Health continues Alibaba Group’s concept of “working happily and living seriously”, promotes
              work-life balance, and organizes various leisure activities for employees. On May 10 of every year — Ali
              Day, employees can participate in Alibaba Group’s wedding activities. In December 2018, Alibaba Health
              held a ceremony around the theme of “three years of love and determination”, and gathered employees
              who had been employed for three years to give rewards. In addition, we also organize group celebrations
              and give out gifts on holidays such as Women’s Day, Dragon Boat Festival, Mid-Autumn Festival,
              Christmas, etc.




                          Christmas employee celebration                    Employee collective birthday party



       3.     Information Security

             Data Security

              Alibaba Health attaches great importance to network security and information protection, through
              construction of a systematic approach to prevent and control data security risks. We safeguard data
              security at multiple levels including organizational structure, systems and processes, technical means and
              personnel capabilities. In FY 2019, we undertook Alibaba Group’s security and risk management
              requirements and established a data security team responsible for the developing, testing, verification,
              operation and maintenance of the company’s data security management process. Alibaba Health has
              achieved ISO27000 information security management system certification and ISO9000 quality
              management system certification.

              We have a strict code of conduct for our employees and a hierarchy of qualifications for accessing and
              controlling information data, and conduct daily monitoring on data management staff. Our data security
              system comes with a full-process coverage of data collection, data process, data transmission and data
              usage to protect our products. We regularly conduct safety assessment and safety training for all
              employees, strengthen safety awareness of each employee, and ensure that the company’s data security
              policies and systems are effectively implemented.




106
                                                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report




                                               ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


     Privacy Protection

     Alibaba Health attaches great importance to users’ privacy and sensitive data, strictly complies with laws
     and regulations such as the Regulations on Technical Measures for Internet Security Protection of the
     PRC and the Regulations on Protection of Personal Information of Telecommunication and Internet Users
     of the PRC . Our customer privacy protection work follows the Data Security Specifications and
     supporting systems. The Data Security Specifications provide detailed and practical rules for data security
     from the perspectives of organization, process, and tools. For specific client information management, we
     use classification and hierarchical management methods. Alibaba Health has established systemic rights
     management for those who access private data. There are also database logs for operations for this type
     of data. In addition, from the customer’s perspective, each time we disclose customer information to a
     third party, we must go through a prior written disclosure review, and the disclosure target is limited to
     the third party that the customer has been informed of. The disclosure contents strictly follow the
     principle of “only disclosing the minimum needed”.

4.   Giving Back to Society

     Based on Alibaba Group’s philosophy of public service, Alibaba Health actively leverages on its Internet
     technology and platform strengths to continually explore new modes of Internet philanthropy that
     everyone can participate in, striving to unite forces in the pharmaceutical and healthcare sectors to
     promote the sustainable development of charitable activities.

     Since the Philanthropy Committee of Alibaba Health was inaugurated in 2017, we have launched many
     flagship philanthropic projects such as the “Global Pharmaceutical Search Alliance” and “Expired Drug
     Collection Alliance”. Our philanthropy has entered a systematic stage while more and more employees
     have participated in volunteering activities and brought changes to society. In fiscal year 2019, Alibaba
     Health’s employees participated in various charitable activities, totaling to 621 person-times and 2,342.1
     hours.

     “Bring Health to Liangshan” Internet + Healthcare Poverty Alleviation Public Welfare Project

     In the Liangshan Yi Autonomous Prefecture of Sichuan Province, the insufficient fundamental medical
     service network and the lack of medical talent has lowered local health levels and impeded poverty
     alleviation. In order to mitigate the AIDS epidemic, the China Center for Disease Control & Prevention
     teamed up with Alibaba Health and signed the “Bring health to Liangshan” Internet + Healthcare Poverty
     Alleviation Cooperation Agreement to improve AIDS prevention and control capacity as well as poverty
     alleviation in Liangshan Prefecture

     Since the implementation of the project, Alibaba Health has helped the local government to set up a
     publicity and education platform for AIDS prevention and a training platform for medical specialists,
     providing guidebooks and animation videos which simply and plainly illustrate questions on disease and
     health for doctors and nurses to learn about AIDS related knowledge anytime and anywhere and
     improving doctors’ clinical competence. Meanwhile, the project uses an Internet-based communication
     and management tool to improve the medical efficiency through communication and collaboration.




                                                                                                                 107
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


             National Household Expired Drug Collection Alliance

              In order to reduce the environmental and social impact of expired drugs, Alibaba Health collaborated with
              partners to establish the “National Household Expired Drug Collection Alliance”, to carry out drugs
              collection nationwide through “Internet + Tracking” technology on a regular basis.

              In August 2018 and March 2019, the Alliance launched the second phase and third phase of online
              expired drugs collection activities separately, covering 28 cities including Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou,
              Shenzhen, Hangzhou and Jinan. Residents can use the Alipay or Taobao mobile applications to scan the
              drug box to call the delivery service for door-to-door pickup. Collected expired drugs are transported and
              safely destroyed by qualified factories, to relieve the environmental burden and increase residents’
              awareness of pollution prevention and safe drug use.

             Making Pharmaceutical Searches Easier

              The information asymmetry in drug distribution has caused difficulties in drug acquisition, especially for
              rare disease patients seeking scarce pharmaceutical products. Faced with such problem, Alibaba Health
              aims to achieve the goal of “making pharmaceutical searches easy”. We jointly established the “Global
              Pharmaceutical Search Alliance” in partnership with non-profit organizations, medical institutions,
              pharmaceutical manufacturers, Internet applications and media, launching “the captain of pharmaceutical
              search” — a public platform providing real-time information on drug searches for patients and their
              relatives.

              Consumers can search the generic names or trade names of drugs on the pharmaceutical search page
              on the Taobao, Alipay, Alibaba Health mobile applications, and more than 90% of these requests receive
              a feedback within 48 hours. In July 2018, the “Global Pharmaceutical Search Alliance” was also launched
              on the China Clinic Research registration and inquiry platform, which provides a new way to search
              pharmacies.

       5.     Protecting Environment

              Alibaba Health attaches great importance to environmental protection and resource conservation.
              Although the Internet industry is a non-production and non-key polluting industry, we still insist on
              integrating environmental protection concepts into every detail of daily management, encouraging
              employees to actively implement low-carbon operations, and carry out green actions to minimize
              environmental impact.

              We strictly follow the Energy Conservation Law of the People’s Republic of China , continually conducting
              various energy saving actions:

              •      Recruit internal security personnel to conduct area inspections throughout the day, turn off
                     unnecessary equipment on a timely basis, adjust indoor air conditioning temperature, and reduce
                     energy waste.

              •      Encourage low carbon travel and provide shuttle buses for staff.



108
                                                                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report




                                                       ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE REPORT


•        Promote the use of video conferencing to effectively reduce unnecessary business trips.

•        Implement strict office supplies quotas and require employees to only obtain supplies as needed.

•        Set up waste paper bins in the office area to recover single-side printed papers for secondary re-
         use. The administrative department regularly binds the recycled single-side printed paper into
         manual notebooks for employees to use.

•        Conduct battery recycling activities, and encourage employees to bring their own discarded batteries
         to the Company for recycling.

During the reporting period, the Group used such energy sources as electricity, gas, and outsourced
thermal power. The Group relies on municipal water supply which does not involve external water
sources.

                    Table: Alibaba Health’s Energy and Resource Consumption in FY20191

                                                                                                       Density (consumption
     Indicator (Unit)                                                   Consumption                          per employee)

                                                                    FY2018             FY2019             FY2018             FY2019

     Electricity consumption (kWh)                                  350,469            378,791             724.11             468.80

     Water consumption (tons)                                        5,341.7              4,600              11.04               5.69

     Greenhouse gas emissions2
        (tons of CO2 equivalent)                                       353.7              355.7                0.73              0.44

     Office paper (tons)                                               0.949              1.209           0.00196            0.00150


Notes:


1.       The scope of electricity, water and office paper consumption includes only Alibaba Health Information Technology (China) Limited,
         CITIC 21CN Company Limited and Alibaba Health Pharmaceutical Chain Co., Ltd.


2.       The greenhouse gas emissions include only the indirect emissions from electricity and water consumption. The FY2019 carbon
         emission factor is taken from the “Baseline Emission Factors for Regional Power Grids in China” for the 2017 Emission
         Reduction Project determined by the Department of Climate Change of the Ministry of Ecology and Environment.


Due to the nature of its business, the Group does not produce products, so it does not consume
packaging materials used in products.

The Group strictly complies with the Law of the People’s Republic of China on the Prevention and
Control of Solid Waste Pollution , conduct scientific classification and compliant disposal of solid waste in
terms of relevant regulations and standards. The main wastes generated are transportation packaging
materials, recycled expired drugs, waste toner cartridges, waste lighting tubes, waste batteries, waste
paper, and other office consumables and domestic waste. In fiscal year 2019, we disposed of 4,827
tons of discarded drugs.




                                                                                                                                   109
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT




Independent auditor’s report
To the shareholders of Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited
(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)

OPINION

We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited (the
“Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 117 to 239, which comprise the consolidated
statement of financial position as at March 31, 2019, and the consolidated statement of profit or loss, the
consolidated statement of comprehensive loss, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and the consolidated
statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial statements, including a
summary of significant accounting policies.

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated financial position of
the Group as at March 31, 2019, and of its consolidated financial performance and its consolidated cash flows for
the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong
Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been properly prepared in compliance with the
disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.

BASIS FOR OPINION

We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the HKICPA.
Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in accordance with the
HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled our other ethical
responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have obtained is sufficient and
appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.




110
                                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report




                                                                             INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS

Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our audit of the
consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the context of our audit of
the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon, and we do not provide a
separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our audit addressed the matter is
provided in that context.

We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the consolidated
financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our audit included the
performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material misstatement of the
consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the procedures performed to
address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the accompanying consolidated financial
statements.

  Key audit matter                                           How our audit addressed the key audit matter


 Impairment of investments in associates


  As at March 31, 2019, the Group held investments in        We performed the following procedures to address the
  associates of RMB1,964,854,000, which is significant       key audit matter:
  to the consolidated financial statements. The Group
  identified indicators of impairment for investments in     —     Evaluating the Group’s policies and procedures of
  associates and accordingly performed impairment tests            identifying triggering events for potential
  for these investments by comparing their carrying                impairment of the investments in associates;
  amounts as at March 31, 2019 with the recoverable
                                                             —     Making enquiries with management in respect of
  amounts. The impairment assessment which was
  based on the discounted cash flows method was                    growth rate and other key assumptions;

  complex and required management to use significant
                                                             —     With the assistance of internal valuation
  judgment and make estimations in respect of future
                                                                   specialists, examining the Group’s value-in-use
  market and economic conditions such as economic
                                                                   methodologies and evaluating the assumptions
  growth, expected inflation rates, revenue and margin
                                                                   used in the forecast cash flows, including the
  development.
                                                                   discount rate and the long term growth rate; and

  Relevant disclosures are included in note 3 to the
                                                             —     Testing    the   mathematical         accuracy        of
  consolidated financial statements.
                                                                   management’s model.




                                                                                                                        111
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)

  Key audit matter                                                   How our audit addressed the key audit matter


  Impairment of inventories


  As at March 31, 2019, the carrying amount of the                   We performed the following procedures to address the
  Group’s       inventories        before        provision    was    key audit matter:
  RMB597,657,000. The inventories were stated at the
  lower of cost and net realisable value. The                        —    Evaluating the Group’s policies and procedures of
  determination of net realisable value, and obsolete and                 identifying events for potential impairment of
  slow-moving inventory items involved management’s                       inventories;
  judgement        and     estimation.          Specific   factors
                                                                     —    Obtaining an understanding of management’s
  management considered included the ageing and
  expiry dates of the inventories, condition of the goods,                assessment on available selling price and

  historical and recent sale patterns, available selling                  budgeted fulfilment costs based on historical and

  prices and budgeted fulfilment costs, and any other                     recent sales patterns; and

  available information concerning the provision of the
                                                                     —    Evaluating the ageing report and expiry dates of
  inventories. The Group recorded an impairment of
                                                                          the inventories, and comparing the available
  inventories of RMB1,864,000 for the year ended March
                                                                          selling prices on a sample basis to determine the
  31, 2019.
                                                                          net realisable value.

  Relevant disclosures are included in note 3 to the
  consolidated financial statements.




112
                                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report




                                                                             INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)

 Key audit matter                                            How our audit addressed the key audit matter


 Measurement of share-based compensation expenses


 The Company has granted share-based awards to               We performed the following procedures to address the
 certain employees of the Group during the current           key audit matter:
 year. The share-based compensation expenses were
 measured with reference to the fair values of the share     —    Obtaining an understanding of the agreement of
 options at the grant dates. The fair values were                 the share-based awards granted during the year;
 determined by management with the assistance of an
                                                             —    For each batch of grants made during the year,
 external valuer. The determination of fair values and the
 forfeiture rate of share options required significant            checking the approval and evaluating the terms

 management judgement and estimation and was based                against the scheme plans;

 on assumptions.
                                                             —    Evaluating the objectivity, independence and

 Relevant disclosures are included in notes 3 and 28 to           expertise of the external valuer;

 the consolidated financial statements.
                                                             —    Obtaining an understanding of the valuation
                                                                  reports of the valuer engaged by management
                                                                  regarding the fair value estimation of the awards;

                                                             —    Enquiring      with   management          about      the
                                                                  assumptions used in the model, including the
                                                                  dividend yield and forfeiture rate;

                                                             —    With the assistance of our internal valuation
                                                                  specialists, evaluating the valuation model and
                                                                  assumptions used in the valuation model,
                                                                  including exercise multiples and volatility;

                                                             —    Testing the mathematical accuracy of the valuation
                                                                  model and forfeiture rate.




                                                                                                                        113
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT

The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the
information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our auditor’s report
thereon.

Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express
any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other
information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the consolidated
financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based
on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are
required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.

RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements that give a
true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements of the Hong
Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to enable the
preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or
error.

In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for assessing the
Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going concern and using
the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to liquidate the Group or to
cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for overseeing
the Group’s financial reporting process.




114
                                                                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                            2019 Annual Report




                                                                                 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as a whole
are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report that includes our
opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section 90 of the Bermuda Companies Act
1981, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept liability to any other person for
the contents of this report.

Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance
with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error
and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the
economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial statements.

As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional
scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

•     Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to
      fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that
      is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material
      misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion,
      forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of internal control.

•     Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures that are
      appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
      Group’s internal control.

•     Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting estimates and
      related disclosures made by the directors.

•     Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and, based on
      the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or conditions that may cast
      significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If we conclude that a material
      uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s report to the related disclosures in the
      consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions
      are based on the audit evidence obtained up to the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or
      conditions may cause the Group to cease to continue as a going concern.

•     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements, including the
      disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the underlying transactions and events
      in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

•     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or business activities
      within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements. We are responsible for the
      direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain solely responsible for our audit opinion.




                                                                                                                            115
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
(CONTINUED)

We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and timing of the
audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that we identify during our
audit.

We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical requirements
regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that may reasonably be
thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, related safeguards.

From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key audit
matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public disclosure about
the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not be communicated in our
report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected to outweigh the public interest
benefits of such communication.

The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Wong Man Kit.

Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
22/F, CITIC Tower
1 Tim Mei Avenue
Central
Hong Kong

May 16, 2019




116
                                                             ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                    2019 Annual Report




                          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
                                                                           Year ended March 31, 2019

                                                                      2019                         2018
                                                 Notes          RMB’000                       RMB’000


REVENUE                                           5             5,095,867                    2,442,618


Cost of revenue                                                (3,764,604)                   (1,789,794)


Gross profit                                                    1,331,263                       652,824


Operating expenses:
   Fulfilment                                     6              (572,123)                     (338,763)
   Sales and marketing expenses                                  (454,838)                     (201,094)
   Administrative expenses                                       (181,016)                     (121,251)
   Product development expenses                                  (219,018)                     (126,220)


Other income and gains                            5                 67,014                       52,393


Other expenses                                                      (2,502)                     (11,855)


Finance costs                                                      (27,966)                     (10,126)


Share of profits or losses of:
   Joint ventures                                 14                   (737)                       7,949
   Associates                                     15                   (907)                         998


LOSS BEFORE TAX                                   7                (60,830)                     (95,145)


Income tax expense                                10               (30,934)                     (13,889)


LOSS FOR THE YEAR                                                  (91,764)                    (109,034)


Attributable to:
   Owners of the parent                                            (81,949)                    (106,974)
   Non-controlling interests                                        (9,815)                       (2,060)


                                                                   (91,764)                    (109,034)


LOSS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
   HOLDERS OF THE PARENT
   Basic and diluted                              11     RMB(0.74) cents             RMB(1.16) cents




                                                                                                    117
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS
Year ended March 31, 2019

                                                                                2019        2018
                                                                             RMB’000     RMB’000


LOSS FOR THE YEAR                                                             (91,764)   (109,034)


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS)
Other comprehensive income/(loss) may be reclassified to profit or loss in
   subsequent periods:
   Translation from functional currency to presentation currency               62,213     (69,750)


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR, NET OF TAX                     62,213     (69,750)


TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE LOSS FOR THE YEAR                                         (29,551)   (178,784)


Attributable to:
   Owners of the parent                                                       (19,736)   (176,724)
   Non-controlling interests                                                   (9,815)     (2,060)


                                                                              (29,551)   (178,784)




118
                                                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                2019 Annual Report




                    CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                    March 31, 2019

                                                                                 March 31,               March 31,
                                                                                        2019                   2018
                                                                 Notes            RMB’000                 RMB’000


NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property and equipment                                            12                   8,886                   6,274
Goodwill                                                          13                  27,006                 19,123
Investments in joint ventures                                     14                  10,985                 62,593
Investments in associates                                         15              1,964,854                 950,973
Long-term receivables                                             18                  39,372                 55,921
Equity investment designated at fair value
   through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”)                   21                119,801                        —
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”)    20                507,587                        —


Total non-current assets                                                          2,678,491              1,094,884


CURRENT ASSETS
Inventories                                                       16                595,793                 442,231
Trade and bills receivables                                       17                365,446                  91,373
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                   18                323,352                  78,924
Financial assets at FVPL                                          20              1,736,713                    4,100
Restricted cash                                                   19                   1,719                   2,268
Cash and cash equivalents                                         19                280,371              1,397,197


Total current assets                                                              3,303,394              2,016,093


CURRENT LIABILITIES
Interest-bearing borrowings                                       25              1,700,000                        —
Trade and bills payables                                          22                902,651                 323,310
Other payables and accruals                                       23                463,642                 137,629
Deferred revenue                                                  24                     —                       716
Contract liabilities                                              2                 151,991                       —
Receipt in advance                                                2                      —                  111,160
Tax payable                                                                           15,098                   7,423


Total current liabilities                                                         3,233,382                 580,238


NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                                    70,012             1,435,855


TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                             2,748,503              2,530,739




                                                                                                                119
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION

March 31, 2019

                                                            March 31,      March 31,
                                                                    2019       2018
                                                Notes        RMB’000       RMB’000


NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Deferred tax liabilities                         26             11,677         7,682


Total non-current liabilities                                   11,677         7,682


Net assets                                                   2,736,826     2,523,057


EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
Share capital                                    27            102,898       86,617
Treasury shares                                  27            (25,052)       (5,474)
Reserves                                         29          2,716,673     2,499,105


                                                             2,794,519     2,580,248
Non-controlling interests                                      (57,693)      (57,191)


Total equity                                                 2,736,826     2,523,057




                           WU Yongming                  SHEN Difan
                              Director                   Director




120
                                                                                                                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                                                                                                     2019 Annual Report




                                       CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                                                                                  Year ended March 31, 2019

                                                                                                      Attributable to owners of the parent

                                                                                                                                                 Employee
                                                              Share                                                              Exchange      share-based                                                    Non-
                                                Share      premium      Treasury        Merger       Capital    Contributed     fluctuation   compensation      General    Accumulated                   controlling       Total
                                                capital     account       shares        reserve      reserve        surplus        reserve         reserve      reserve         losses          Total      interests      equity
                                      Notes   RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


At April 1, 2018                                86,617     7,255,519*     (5,474)    (3,828,605)*     28,557*        77,335*        13,660*        142,480*      13,468*     (1,203,309)*   2,580,248       (57,191)   2,523,057
Loss for the year                                   —             —            —              —           —              —              —               —            —          (81,949)      (81,949)       (9,815)     (91,764)


Other comprehensive loss
    for the year:
    Translation from functional
      currency to presentation
      currency                                      —             —           —               —           —              —          62,213              —            —               —        62,213             —       62,213


                                                    —             —           —               —           —              —          62,213              —            —          (81,949)      (19,736)       (9,815)     (29,551)


Issue of new shares for restricted
    share units                        27          245            —         (245)             —           —              —              —               —            —               —             —             —            —
Issue of new shares for acquisition
    under common control               27       15,932    12,554,598          —     (12,569,162)          —              —              —               —            —               —         1,368             —        1,368
Purchase of shares by Share Award
    Scheme Trust                       27           —             —      (37,846)             —           —              —              —               —            —               —        (37,846)           —       (37,846)
Share-based compensation
    expenses                           28           —             —           —               —           —              —              —          213,493           —               —       213,493             —      213,493
Vested awarded shares transferred
    to employees                       27           —        73,474       18,513              —           —              —              —          (91,987)          —               —             —             —            —
Exercise of share option               27          104       83,252           —               —           —              —              —          (30,377)          —               —        52,979             —       52,979
Transfer of share-based
    compensation reserve of options
    lapsed after vesting date                       —             —           —               —           —              —              —           (1,654)          —           1,654             —             —            —
Acquisition and incorporation of
    subsidiaries                                    —             —           —               —           —              —              —               —            —               —             —          9,380       9,380
Deemed interest in an interest-free
    loan to a non-wholly owned
    subsidiary                                      —             —           —               —           67             —              —               —            —               —            67            (67)          —
Transfer from general reserve                       —             —           —               —           —              —              —               —        (3,009)         3,009            —              —            —
Share of capital reserve of
    associates                                      —             —           —               —        3,946             —              —               —            —               —         3,946             —        3,946


At March 31, 2019                              102,898    19,966,843*    (25,052)   (16,397,767)*     32,570*        77,335*        75,873*        231,955*      10,459*     (1,280,595)*   2,794,519       (57,693)   2,736,826



*                 These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of RMB2,716,673,000 (March 31, 2018: RMB2,499,105,000) in the consolidated
                  statement of financial position.




                                                                                                                                                                                                                       121
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY

Year ended March 31, 2019

                                                                                                        Attributable to owners of the parent

                                                                                                                                                      Employee
                                                                 Share                                                               Exchange       share-based
                                                    Share     premium     Treasury        Merger       Capital    Contributed       fluctuation    compensation     General    Accumulated                  Non-controlling       Total
                                                   capital     account      shares        reserve     reserve         surplus          reserve          reserve     reserve         losses         Total          interests      equity
                                         Notes   RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000


At April 1, 2017                                   72,481    1,907,220         (91)            —       25,037          77,335          83,410          104,282       13,468     (1,105,306)    1,177,836           (58,174)   1,119,662
Loss for the year                                      —            —            —             —           —               —               —                —            —        (106,974)     (106,974)           (2,060)    (109,034)


Other comprehensive loss
  for the year:
  Translation from functional currency
    to presentation currency                           —            —           —              —           —               —          (69,750)               —           —              —        (69,750)               —       (69,750)


Total comprehensive loss
  for the year                                         —            —           —              —           —               —          (69,750)               —           —        (106,974)     (176,724)           (2,060)    (178,784)


Issue of new shares                       27        3,672    1,465,002          —              —           —               —                   —             —           —              —      1,468,674                —     1,468,674
Issue of new shares for restricted
  share units                             27         164            —         (164)            —           —               —                   —             —           —              —             —                 —            —
Issue of new shares for acquisition
  under common control                    27       10,300    3,821,342          —     (3,828,605)          —               —                   —             —           —              —          3,037                —         3,037
Purchase of shares by Share Award
  Scheme Trust                            27           —            —      (13,129)            —           —               —                   —             —           —              —        (13,129)               —       (13,129)
Share-based compensation expenses         28           —            —            —             —           —               —                   —       117,034           —              —       117,034                 —      117,034
Vested awarded shares transferred to
  employees                               27           —       61,955        7,910             —           —               —                   —        (69,865)         —              —             —                 —            —
Transfer of share-based compensation
  reserve of options lapsed after
  vesting date                                         —            —           —              —           —               —                   —         (8,971)         —           8,971            —                 —            —
Capital contribution from
  a non-controlling shareholder of
  a subsidiary                                         —            —           —              —           —               —                   —             —           —              —             —              3,000        3,000
Deemed interest in an interest-free
  loan to a non-wholly owned
  subsidiary                                           —            —           —              —          (43)             —                   —             —           —              —            (43)               43           —
Share of capital reserve of
  an associate                                         —            —           —              —        3,563              —                   —             —           —              —          3,563                —         3,563


At March 31, 2018                                  86,617    7,255,519*     (5,474)   (3,828,605)*     28,557*         77,335*         13,660*         142,480*      13,468*    (1,203,309)*   2,580,248           (57,191)   2,523,057




122
                                                                             ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                    2019 Annual Report




                               CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                           Year ended March 31, 2019

                                                                                         2019                    2018
                                                                     Notes            RMB’000                 RMB’000


CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Loss before tax                                                                          (60,830)               (95,145)
Adjustments for:
   Share of loss/(profits) of joint ventures                                                 737                  (7,949)
   Share of loss/(profits) of associates                                                     907                    (998)
   Bank interest income                                               5                  (23,573)               (13,206)
   Other interest income                                              5                   (1,483)                 (1,617)
   Gain on disposal of items of property and equipment                5                      (15)                      (4)
  Gain on disposal of a joint venture                                 5                 (12,417)                      —
  Finance costs                                                                          27,966                  10,126
  Fair value (gains)/loss on financial instruments at FVPL            5/7               (26,248)                  6,200
  Depreciation                                                         7                  3,989                   4,508
  Impairment of trade receivables                                      7                  1,226                   1,167
  Reversal of impairment of other receivables                          7                   (807)                     —
  (Reversal of impairment)/Impairment and write-off of inventories     7                (11,526)                  16,832
  Foreign exchange differences, net                                                          64                  (31,760)
  Share-based compensation expenses                                   7                 213,493                 117,034


                                                                                        111,483                    5,188
Increase in trade and bills receivables                                                (275,299)                 (54,039)
Increase in prepayments, other receivables and other assets                            (181,368)                 (36,521)
Increase in inventories                                                                (141,473)               (307,558)
Increase in trade and bills payables                                                    579,324                 197,448
Increase in other payables and accruals                                                 230,879                   54,024
Increase in contract liabilities                                                         40,115                       —
increase in receipt in advance                                                               —                   73,728
Decrease/(increase) in restricted cash                                                       549                  (1,354)
Decrease in long-term receivables                                                         15,939                      —
Exchange differences                                                                        (660)                 (9,513)


Cash generated from/(used in) operations                                                379,489                 (78,597)
Interest received                                                                        32,486                    8,836
Dividend received from investment in an associate                                            —                     4,839
PRC taxes paid                                                                           (15,406)                 (5,350)
HK Taxes paid                                                                               (199)                     —


Net cash flows generated from/(used in) operating activities                            396,370                 (70,272)




                                                                                                                    123
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

Year ended March 31, 2019

                                                                                     2019           2018
                                                                          Notes   RMB’000        RMB’000


Net cash flows generated from/(used in) operating activities                        396,370        (70,272)


CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchases of items of property and equipment                               12         (6,102)       (5,731)
Purchase of financial assets at FVPL                                              (2,155,747)           —
Purchase of equity investment at FVOCI                                              (119,801)           —
Proceeds from disposal of items of property and equipment                                 48            13
Decrease in pledged time deposits                                                         —       222,848
PRC tax paid                                                                         (3,659)           —
Business acquisitions                                                      30        (2,876)           —
Capital injection in associates                                                    (982,852)     (527,166)
Capital injection in a joint venture                                                (13,500)       (12,000)
(Increase)/decrease of time deposits with original maturity of
    over three months                                                               888,778      (888,778)


Net cash flows used in investing activities                                       (2,395,711)   (1,210,814)


CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Issue of new shares                                                                       —     1,468,674
Repurchase of shares                                                                (37,846)       (13,129)
Bank loans and other borrowings                                                   2,304,162       595,931
Repayment of bank loans and other borrowings                                       (604,162)     (795,931)
Proceeds from exercise of options                                                    52,979             —
Interest paid                                                                       (10,624)       (10,428)
Capital contribution from a non-controlling shareholder of a subsidiary               3,980          3,000


Net cash flows generated from financing activities                                1,708,489     1,248,117


NET DECREASE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                          (290,852)       (32,969)
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                              62,804        (28,472)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                      508,419       569,860


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                                            280,371       508,419




124
                                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report




                                                             CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

                                                                                              Year ended March 31, 2019

                                                                                            2019                    2018
                                                                        Notes            RMB’000                 RMB’000


ANALYSIS OF BALANCES OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS
Cash and bank balances                                                   19                162,626                 246,838
Non-pledged time deposits with original maturity of three months or
  less when acquired and cash equivalents placed at payment
  platform                                                               19                117,745                 261,581
Non-pledged time deposits with original maturity of over three months                           —                  888,778


Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated
  statement of financial position                                        19                280,371              1,397,197
Non-pledged time deposits with original maturity of over three months
  when acquired                                                                                   —               (888,778)


Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated statement of
  cash flows                                                                               280,371                 508,419




                                                                                                                       125
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2019

1.     CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION

       Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited (the “Company”) is incorporated in Bermuda as an exempted
       company with limited liability. The address of its registered office is Canon’s Court, 22 Victoria Street, Hamilton
       HM12, Bermuda. The principal place of business of the Company is located at 17th to 19th Floors, Building B,
       Greenland Center, Beijing, the People’s Republic of China (“PRC”).

       The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (hereinafter collectively
       referred to as the “Group”) are primarily engaged in the pharmaceutical and healthcare product and service
       sales business, consumer healthcare business, Internet healthcare business and intelligent medicine business.

       In the opinion of the directors, the Company’s immediate holding company is Perfect Advance Holding Limited
       (“Perfect Advance”), which is incorporated in the British Virgin Islands, and the ultimate holding company is
       Alibaba Group Holding Limited (“Alibaba Holding”, together with its subsidiaries, “Alibaba Group”).

       Information about subsidiaries

       Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows:

                                                 Place of                                  Percentage of
                                                 incorporation/       Issued ordinary/   equity attributable
                                                 registration               registered    to the Company
       Name                                      and operations          share capital   Direct       Indirect Principal activities


       Alibaba Health (Hong Kong)                Hong Kong               HK$1,000,000         —            100 Investment holding
         Technology Company Limited                                                                                  and pharmaceutical
         (“Alibaba Health (Hong Kong)”)                                                                              e-commerce


       阿里健康信息技術（北京）有限公司                          PRC/Mainland China   RMB300,000,000          —            100 Provision of
         (CITIC 21CN (China) Technology                                                                              e-commerce
         Company Limited )    a bc
                                                                                                                     platform service


       中信國檢信息技術有限公司                              PRC/Mainland China    RMB60,000,000          —                50 Provision of product
         (CITIC Credit Information                                                                                   tracking platform
         Technology Co., Ltd. ) (“CCIT”)
                                     a     bed
                                                                                                                     services


       阿里健康科技（中國）有限公司                            PRC/Mainland China   RMB295,000,000          —            100 Telemedicine service,
         (Alibaba Health Technology                                                                                  comprehensive
         (China) Limited ) (“Alibaba Health
                       a bc
                                                                                                                     member service to
         (China)”)                                                                                                   users, product
                                                                                                                     tracking platform
                                                                                                                     service and
                                                                                                                     pharmaceutical
                                                                                                                     e-commerce




126
                                                                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report




                                                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                 March 31, 2019

1.   CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     Information about subsidiaries (continued)

     Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries are as follows: (continued)

                                           Place of                                    Percentage of
                                           incorporation/       Issued ordinary/     equity attributable
                                           registration               registered      to the Company
     Name                                  and operations          share capital      Direct       Indirect Principal activities


     阿里健康大藥房醫藥連鎖有限公司                       PRC/Mainland China   RMB120,000,000            —            100 Pharmacy business
      (Alibaba Health Pharmaceutical
      Chain Co., Ltd.a)bd


     杭州禮和醫藥有限公司                            PRC/Mainland China    RMB20,000,000            —            100 Pharmaceutical
      (Hangzhou Lihe Pharmaceutical                                                                             product trading and
      Co., Ltd. ) (“Lihe”)
               a             bd
                                                                                                                healthcare business


     弘雲久康數據技術（北京）有限公司                      PRC/Mainland China     RMB1,000,000            —            100 Investment holding
      (Hongyun Jiukang Data
      Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.a)
      (“Hongyun Jiukang”)bdf


     阿里健康科技（杭州）有限公司                        PRC/Mainland China   RMB200,000,000            —            100 Provision of
      (Alibaba Health Technology                                                                                e-commerce
      (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd.a)bc (Formerly                                                                        platform services
      known as Hangzhou Hengping
      Information Technology Co., Ltd.a)


     鹿康大藥房（杭州）有限公司                         PRC/Mainland China     RMB1,000,000            —            100 Provision of
      (Lukang Pharmacy (Hangzhou)                                                                               e-commerce
      Co., Ltd.a)bc (Formerly known as                                                                          platform services
      Hangzhou Hengping Health
      Technology Co., Ltd.a)


     阿里健康網絡醫院有限公司                          PRC/Mainland China    RMB50,000,000            —            100 Network hospital
      (Alibaba Health Network Hospital                                                                          services
      Co., Ltd.a)b




                                                                                                                             127
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

1.     CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

       Information about subsidiaries (continued)

       a      For identification purposes only.


       b      The statutory financial statements of these subsidiaries are not audited by Ernst & Young, Hong Kong or another member firm of the
              Ernst & Young global network.


       c      Registered as wholly-foreign-owned enterprises under PRC law.


       d      Registered as limited liability companies under PRC law.


       e      CCIT is accounted for as a subsidiary of the Group because the percentage of voting power attributable to the Group is 80% according
              to an entrustment arrangement between the Group and a party holding 30% interest on CCIT, pursuant to which the shareholder
              entrusted all his voting right to the Group.


       f      The Company does not have legal ownership in the equity of Hongyun Jiukang. However, under certain contractual agreements (including
              power of attorney agreement, loan agreement, equity option agreement, equity interest pledge agreement and exclusive technical
              consulting and service agreement) entered into with the registered owners of the entity, the Company through its indirectly wholly-
              owned subsidiary controls the entity by way of controlling the voting rights, governing the financial and operating policies, appointing or
              removing the majority of the members of its controlling authorities, and casting the majority of votes at meetings of such authorities. In
              addition, such contractual agreements also transfer the risks and rewards of the entity to the Company and/or its indirectly owned
              subsidiary. As a result, the entity is treated as a subsidiary of the Company and its financial statements have been consolidated by the
              Company.


       The above table lists the subsidiaries of the Company which, in the opinion of the directors, principally affected
       the results for the year or formed a substantial portion of the net assets of the Group. To give details of other
       subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors, result in particulars of excessive length.

2.1    BASIS OF PREPARATION

       These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong Financial
       Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) (which include all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards, Hong Kong
       Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public
       Accountants (“HKICPA”), accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong and the disclosure
       requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared under the historical cost
       convention, except for financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss, and bills receivables and equity
       investment at fair value through other comprehensive income, which have been measured at fair value. These
       financial statements are presented in RMB and all values are rounded to the nearest thousand except when
       otherwise indicated.




128
                                                                                  ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                         2019 Annual Report




                                                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                             March 31, 2019

2.1   BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED)

      Merger accounting for Business combinations under common control

      As disclosed in note 30(B) to the consolidated financial statements, a business combination under common
      control was effected during the current year, where the business acquired in the business combination and the
      Company are both ultimately controlled by Alibaba Holding. The business combination were accounted for
      using the principles of merger accounting.

      The net assets of the combining entities are consolidated using the existing book values from the controlling
      party’s perspective. No adjustments are made to reflect fair values, or recognise any new assets or liabilities as
      a result of the business combination under common control and no amount is recognised in respect of
      goodwill. The Company elects to not restate the financial statements for periods prior to the completion of
      combination under common control. Accordingly, the consolidated statement of profit or loss and the
      consolidated statement of other comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity and
      the consolidated statement of cash flows of the Group include the results and cash flows of the acquired
      business from the date when the Group obtains control of the acquired business.

      Basis of consolidation

      The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its subsidiaries for
      the year ended March 31, 2019. A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured entity), directly or indirectly,
      controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has rights, to variable returns
      from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns through its power over the
      investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group the current ability to direct the relevant activities of the
      investee).

      The Company has set up two trusts (the “Trusts”) for the purpose of purchasing, administering and holding the
      Company’s shares for the share award scheme adopted on November 24, 2014 (the “Share Award Scheme”,
      note 28). The Group has the power to govern the financial and operating policies of the Trusts and derive
      benefits from the services of the employees who have been awarded the awarded shares through their
      continued employment with the Group. The assets and liabilities of the Trusts are included in the consolidated
      statement of financial position and the shares held by the Trusts are presented as a deduction in equity as
      shares held for the share award scheme.




                                                                                                                         129
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

2.1    BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED)

       Basis of consolidation (continued)

       When the Company has, directly or indirectly, less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee,
       the Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee,
       including:

       (a)    the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;

       (b)    rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

       (c)    the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.

       The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the Company, using
       consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date on which the Group
       obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control ceases.

       Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of the parent
       and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance.
       All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to transactions between
       members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

       The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that there are
       changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the ownership interest
       of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.

       If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognises (i) the assets (including goodwill) and liabilities of
       the subsidiary, (ii) the carrying amount of any non-controlling interest and (iii) the cumulative translation
       differences recorded in equity; and recognises (i) the fair value of the consideration received, (ii) the fair value of
       any investment retained and (iii) any resulting surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The Group’s share of
       components previously recognised in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit or loss or retained
       profits/accumulated losses, as appropriate, on the same basis as would be required if the Group had directly
       disposed of the related assets or liabilities.

       Certain comparative amounts in preceding year’s consolidated financial statement have also been reclassified to
       conform with current year’s presentation.




130
                                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report




                                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                            March 31, 2019

2.2   CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES

      The Group has adopted the following new and revised HKFRSs for the first time for the current year’s financial
      statements.

      Amendments to HKFRS 2                    Classification and Measurement of Share-based Payment Transactions
      Amendments to HKFRS 4                    Applying HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments with HKFRS 4 Insurance
                                                  Contracts
      HKFRS 9                                  Financial Instruments
      HKFRS 15                                 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
      Amendments to HKFRS 15                   Clarifications to HKFRS 15 Revenue from Contracts with Customers
      HK(IFRIC)-Int 22                    Foreign Currency Transactions and Advance Consideration
                              –
      Annual Improvements 2014 2016 Cycle Amendments to HKFRS 1 and HKAS 28

      Except for the amendments to HKFRS 4 and Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2014 –2016 Cycle , which are
      not relevant to the preparation of the Group’s financial statements, the nature and the impact of the new and
      revised HKFRSs are described below:

      (a)   Amendments to HKFRS 2 address three main areas: the effects of vesting conditions on the measurement
            of a cash-settled share-based payment transaction; the classification of a share-based payment
            transaction with net settlement features for withholding a certain amount in order to meet an employee’s
            tax obligation associated with the share-based payment; and accounting where a modification to the
            terms and conditions of a share-based payment transaction changes its classification from cash-settled to
            equity-settled. The amendments clarify that the approach used to account for vesting conditions when
            measuring equity-settled share-based payments also applies to cash-settled share-based payments. The
            amendments introduce an exception so that a share-based payment transaction with net share
            settlement features for withholding a certain amount in order to meet the employee’s tax obligation is
            classified in its entirety as an equity-settled share-based payment transaction when certain conditions are
            met. Furthermore, the amendments clarify that if the terms and conditions of a cash-settled share-based
            payment transaction are modified, with the result that it becomes an equity-settled share-based payment
            transaction, the transaction is accounted for as an equity-settled transaction from the date of the
            modification. The amendments have had no impact on the financial position or performance of the Group
            as the Group does not have any cash-settled share-based payment transactions and has no share-based
            payment transactions with net settlement features for withholding tax.

      (b)   HKFRS 9 Financial Instruments replaces HKAS 39 Financial Instruments: Recognition and Measurement
            for annual periods beginning on or after April 1, 2018, bringing together all three aspects of the
            accounting for financial instruments: classification and measurement, impairment and hedge accounting.

            The Group has recognised the transition adjustments against the applicable opening balances in equity at
            April 1, 2018. Therefore, the comparative information was not restated and continues to be reported
            under HKAS 39.




                                                                                                                        131
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

2.2    CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (CONTINUED)

       (b)    (continued)

             Classification and measurement

              The following information sets out the impacts of adopting HKFRS 9 on the statement of financial
              position, including the effect of replacing HKAS 39’s incurred credit loss calculations with HKFRS 9’s
              expected credit losses (“ECLs”).

              A reconciliation between the carrying amounts under HKAS 39 and the balances reported under HKFRS
              9 as at April 1, 2018 is as follows:

                                                                                                                          Original
                                                                                                                          carrying New carrying
                                                        Original measurement              New measurement                  amount      amount
                                                        category under                    category under                    under        under
                                                  Notes HKAS 39                           HKFRS 9                        HKAS 39      HKFRS 9


              Long-term receivables                        Loans and receivables          Financial assets at               55,921             55,921
                 (note 18)                                                                   amortized cost
              Financial assets at FVPL                     Loans and receivables          Financial assets at                 4,100              4,100
                 — current (note 20)                                                         FVPL
              Trade receivables (note 17)                  Loans and receivables          Financial assets at               52,986             52,986
                                                                                             amortized cost
              Bills receivables (note 17)           (i)    Loans and receivables          Financial assets at               38,387             38,387
                                                                                             FVOCI
              Prepayments, other                           Loans and receivables          Financial assets at               52,481             52,481
                 receivables and other                                                       amortized cost
                 assets (note 18)
              Restricted cash (note 19)                    Loans and receivables          Financial assets at                 2,268              2,268
                                                                                             amortized cost
              Cash and cash equivalents                    Loans and receivables          Financial assets at            1,397,197          1,397,197
                 (note 19)                                                                   amortized cost
              Trade and bills payables                     Financial liabilities at       Financial liabilities at         323,310            323,310
                 (note 22)                                    amortized cost                 amortized cost
              Other payables and accruals                  Financial liabilities at       Financial liabilities at          97,540             97,540
                 (note 23)                                    amortized cost                 amortized cost
              Contract liabilities                         Financial liabilities at       Financial liabilities at         111,876            111,876
                                                              amortized cost                 amortized cost

             Notes:


              (i)     The Group’s bills receivables are managed with a business model under which bills receivables are held to collect contractual
                      cash flows or endorsed to suppliers prior to their expiry date. Accordingly, these bills receivables are reclassified as financial
                      assets at fair value through other comprehensive income upon adoption of HKFRS 9.


              The carrying amounts of the Group’s financial assets and liabilities under HKFRS 9 are equal to their
              respective original carrying amounts under HKAS 39 as at April 1, 2018.


132
                                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report




                                                                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                           March 31, 2019

2.2   CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (CONTINUED)

      (b)   (continued)

            Impairment

            The Group has remeasured the impairment allowances of financial assets as at April 1, 2018 using the
            expected credit losses (“ECL”) under HKFRS 9, which approximate to the impairment allowances under
            HKAS 39. Accordingly, no transition adjustment to the financial assets and equity at April 1, 2018 was
            recognised.

            The Group’s joint ventures and associates remeasured the impairment allowances of their financial assets
            as at April 1, 2018 using ECL under HKFRS 9 and applied the simplified approach for the trade
            receivables. The effect of adoption of HKFRS 9 by the Group’s joint ventures and associates was
            insignificant to the Group’s consolidated financial statements and hence no transition adjustment to the
            financial assets and equity at April 1, 2018 was recognised.

      (c)   HKFRS 15 and its amendments replace HKAS 11 Construction Contracts, HKAS 18 Revenue and related
            interpretations and it applies, with limited exceptions, to all revenue arising from contracts with
            customers. HKFRS 15 establishes a new five-step model to account for revenue arising from contracts
            with customers. Under HKFRS 15, revenue is recognised at an amount that reflects the consideration to
            which an entity expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring goods or services to a customer. The
            principles in HKFRS 15 provide a more structured approach for measuring and recognising revenue. The
            standard also introduces extensive qualitative and quantitative disclosure requirements, including
            disaggregation of total revenue, information about performance obligations, changes in contract asset and
            liability account balances between periods and key judgements and estimates. The disclosures are
            included in notes 3 and 5 to the financial statements. As a result of the application of HKFRS 15, the
            Group has changed the accounting policy with respect to revenue recognition in note 2.4 to the financial
            statements.

            The Group has adopted HKFRS 15 using the modified retrospective method of adoption. Under this
            method, the standard can be applied either to all contracts at the date of initial application or only to
            contracts that are not completed at this date. The Group has elected to apply the standard to contracts
            that are not completed as at April 1, 2018.

            The cumulative effect of the initial application of HKFRS 15 was recognised as an adjustment to the
            opening balance of retained profits as at April 1, 2018. Therefore, the comparative information was not
            restated and continues to be reported under HKAS 11, HKAS 18 and related interpretations.




                                                                                                                       133
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

2.2    CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (CONTINUED)

       (c)    (continued)

              Set out below are the amounts by which each financial statement line item was affected as at April 1,
              2018 as a result of the adoption of HKFRS 15:

                                                                                                          Increase/
                                                                                                         (decrease)
                                                                                           Notes          RMB’000


              Liabilities
              Deferred revenue                                                               (ii)              (716)
              Receipt in advance                                                             (ii)          (111,160)
              Contract liabilities                                                           (ii)           111,876


              Total liabilities                                                                                  —


              Set out below are the amounts by which each financial statement line item was affected as at March 31,
              2019 and for the year ended March 31, 2019 as a result of the adoption of HKFRS 15. The adoption of
              HKFRS 15 has had no impact on the consolidated statement of profit or loss, other comprehensive
              income or on the Group’s operating, investing and financing cash flows. The first column shows the
              amounts recorded under HKFRS 15 and the second column shows what the amounts would have been
              had HKFRS 15 not been adopted:

              Consolidated statement of financial position as at March 31, 2019:

                                                                        Amounts prepared under
                                                                                          Previous        Increase/
                                                                         HKFRS 15           HKFRS        (decrease)
                                                              Notes       RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


              Receipt in advance                               (ii)                —       151,991         (151,991)
              Contract liabilities                             (ii)         151,991             —           151,991


              Total liabilities                                           3,245,059      3,245,059               —


              Net assets                                                  2,736,826      2,736,826               —


              Total equity                                                2,736,826      2,736,826               —




134
                                                                                   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report




                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                              March 31, 2019

2.2   CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (CONTINUED)

      (c)   (continued)

            The nature of the adjustments as at April 1, 2018 and the reasons for the significant changes in the
            statement of financial position as at March 31, 2019 are described below:

            (i)    Sale of healthcare products

                   Some contracts of sale of healthcare products provide customers with a right of return. Before
                   adopting HKFRS 15, the Group recognised revenue from the sale of healthcare products measured
                   at the fair value of the consideration received or receivable, net of returns. If revenue could not be
                   reliably measured, the Group deferred the recognition of revenue until the uncertainty was resolved.
                   Under HKFRS 15, rights of return give rise to variable consideration which is determined using the
                   expected value method or the most likely amount method. The impact on rights of return is not
                   significant to the Group.

                   Rights of return

                   For a contract that provides a customer with a right to return the goods within a specified period,
                   the Group previously estimated expected returns based on the average historical return rate. Before
                   the adoption of HKFRS 15, the amount of revenue related to the expected returns was deferred
                   and recognised in other payables and accruals in the statement of financial position with a
                   corresponding adjustment to cost of sales. The initial carrying amount of goods expected to be
                   returned was included in inventories.

                   Upon adoption of HKFRS 15, the Group recognised a right-of-return asset which is included in
                   prepayments, other receivables and other assets and is measured at the former carrying amount of
                   the goods to be returned less any expected costs to recover the goods, including any potential
                   decreases in the value of the returned goods. In addition, a refund liability which is included in
                   other payables and accruals was recognised based on the amount that the Group expects to return
                   to the customers using the expected value method.

            (ii)   Consideration received from customers in advance

                   Before the adoption of HKFRS 15, the considerations received before the Group’s fulfilment of the
                   obligation to transfer goods and services were recognised as receipts in advance or deferred
                   revenue. Under HKFRS 15, the Group reclassified such considerations to contract liabilities.




                                                                                                                          135
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

2.2    CHANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES (CONTINUED)

       (d)    HK(IFRIC)-Int 22 provides guidance on how to determine the date of the transaction when applying HKAS
              21 to the situation where an entity receives or pays advance consideration in a foreign currency and
              recognises a non-monetary asset or liability. The interpretation clarifies that the date of the transaction for
              the purpose of determining the exchange rate to use on initial recognition of the related asset, expense
              or income (or part of it) is the date on which an entity initially recognises the non-monetary asset (such
              as a prepayment) or non-monetary liability (such as deferred income) arising from the payment or receipt
              of the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts in advance of recognising the
              related item, the entity must determine the transaction date for each payment or receipt of the advance
              consideration. The interpretation has had no impact on the Group’s financial statements as the Group’s
              accounting policy for the determination of the exchange rate applied for initial recognition of non-
              monetary assets or non-monetary liabilities is consistent with the guidance provided in the interpretation.

2.3    ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS

       The Group has not applied the following new and revised HKFRSs, that have been issued but are not yet
       effective, in these financial statements.

       Amendments to HKFRS 3                               Definition of a Business 2
       Amendments to HKFRS 9                               Prepayment Features with Negative Compensation 1
       Amendments to HKFRS 10                              Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its
         and HKAS 28 (2011)                                   Associate or Joint Venture 4
       HKFRS 16                                            Leases 1
       HKFRS 17                                            Insurance Contracts 3
       Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKAS 8                     Definition of Material 2
       Amendments to HKAS 19                               Plan Amendment, Curtailment or Settlement 1
       Amendments to HKAS 28                               Long-term Interests in Associates and Joint Ventures 1
       HK(IFRIC)-Int 23                                    Uncertainty over Income Tax Treatments 1
      Annual Improvements 2015 –2017 Cycle Amendments to HKFRS 3, HKFRS 11, HKAS 12 and HKAS 231
       1
              Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2019
       2
              Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2020
       3
              Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2021
       4
              No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption


       Further information about those HKFRSs that are expected to be applicable to the Group is described below.




136
                                                                                    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                           2019 Annual Report




                                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                               March 31, 2019

2.3   ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (CONTINUED)

      Amendments to HKFRS 3 clarify and provide additional guidance on the definition of a business. The
      amendments clarify that for an integrated set of activities and assets to be considered a business, it must
      include, at a minimum, an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to
      create output. A business can exist without including all of the inputs and processes needed to create outputs.
      The amendments remove the assessment of whether market participants are capable of acquiring the business
      and continue to produce outputs. Instead, the focus is on whether acquired inputs and acquired substantive
      processes together significantly contribute to the ability to create outputs. The amendments have also
      narrowed the definition of outputs to focus on goods or services provided to customers, investment income or
      other income from ordinary activities. Furthermore, the amendments provide guidance to assess whether an
      acquired process is substantive and introduce an optional fair value concentration test to permit a simplified
      assessment of whether an acquired set of activities and assets is not a business. The Group expects to adopt
      the amendments prospectively from April 1, 2020.

      Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (2011) address an inconsistency between the requirements in
      HKFRS 10 and in HKAS 28 (2011) in dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and
      its associate or joint venture. The amendments require a full recognition of a gain or loss when the sale or
      contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint venture constitutes a business. For a
      transaction involving assets that do not constitute a business, a gain or loss resulting from the transaction is
      recognised in the investor’s profit or loss only to the extent of the unrelated investor’s interest in that associate
      or joint venture. The amendments are to be applied prospectively. The previous mandatory effective date of
      amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (2011) was removed by the HKICPA in January 2016 and a new
      mandatory effective date will be determined after the completion of a broader review of accounting for
      associates and joint ventures. However, the amendments are available for adoption now.




                                                                                                                           137
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

2.3    ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (CONTINUED)

       HKFRS 16 replaces HKAS 17 Leases , HK(IFRIC)-Int 4 Determining whether an Arrangement contains a Lease ,
       HK(SIC)-Int 15 Operating Leases — Incentives and HK(SIC)-Int 27 Evaluating the Substance of Transactions
      Involving the Legal Form of a Lease . The standard sets out the principles for the recognition, measurement,
       presentation and disclosure of leases and requires lessees to recognise assets and liabilities for most leases.
       The standard includes two elective recognition exemptions for lessees — leases of low-value assets and short-
       term leases. At the commencement date of a lease, a lessee will recognise a liability to make lease payments
       (i.e., the lease liability) and an asset representing the right to use the underlying asset during the lease term
       (i.e., the right-of-use asset). The right-of-use asset is subsequently measured at cost less accumulated
       depreciation and any impairment losses unless the right-of-use asset meets the definition of investment
       property in HKAS 40, or relates to a class of property, plant and equipment to which the revaluation model is
       applied. The lease liability is subsequently increased to reflect the interest on the lease liability and reduced for
       the lease payments. Lessees will be required to separately recognise the interest expense on the lease liability
       and the depreciation expense on the right-of-use asset. Lessees will also be required to remeasure the lease
       liability upon the occurrence of certain events, such as change in the lease term and change in future lease
       payments resulting from a change in an index or rate used to determine those payments. Lessees will
       generally recognise the amount of the remeasurement of the lease liability as an adjustment to the right-of-use
       asset. Lessor accounting under HKFRS 16 is substantially unchanged from the accounting under HKAS 17.
       Lessors will continue to classify all leases using the same classification principle as in HKAS 17 and distinguish
       between operating leases and finance leases. HKFRS 16 requires lessees and lessors to make more extensive
       disclosures than under HKAS 17. Lessees can choose to apply the standard using either a full retrospective or
       a modified retrospective approach. The Group will adopt HKFRS 16 from April 1, 2019. The Group plans to
       adopt the transitional provisions in HKFRS 16 to recognise the cumulative effect of initial adoption as an
       adjustment to the opening balance of retained earnings at April 1, 2019 and will not restate the comparatives.
       In addition, the Group plans to apply the new requirements to contracts that were previously identified as
       leases applying HKAS 17 and measure the lease liability at the present value of the remaining lease payments,
       discounted using the Group’s incremental borrowing rate at the date of initial application. The right-of-use asset
       will be measured at the amount of the lease liability, adjusted by the amount of any prepaid or accrued lease
       payments relating to the lease recognised in the statement of financial position immediately before the date of
       initial application. The Group plans to use the exemptions allowed by the standard on lease contracts whose
       lease terms end within 12 months as of the date of initial application. During financial year ended March 31,
       2019, the Group has performed a detailed assessment on the impact of adoption of HKFRS 16. The Group
       has estimated that right-of-use assets of RMB61,080,000 and lease liabilities of RMB59,136,000 will be
       recognised at April 1, 2019.

       Amendments to HKAS 1 and HKAS 8 provide a new definition of material. The new definition states that
       information is material if omitting, misstating or obscuring it could reasonably be expected to influence
       decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial statements make on the basis of those financial
       statements. The amendments clarify that materiality will depend on the nature or magnitude of information. A
       misstatement of information is material if it could reasonably be expected to influence decisions made by the
       primary users. The Group expects to adopt the amendments prospectively from April 1, 2020. The
       amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.




138
                                                                                    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                           2019 Annual Report




                                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                               March 31, 2019

2.3   ISSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING STANDARDS (CONTINUED)

      Amendments to HKAS 28 clarify that the scope exclusion of HKFRS 9 only includes interests in an associate
      or joint venture to which the equity method is applied and does not include long-term interests that in
      substance form part of the net investment in the associate or joint venture, to which the equity method has not
      been applied. Therefore, an entity applies HKFRS 9, rather than HKAS 28, including the impairment
      requirements under HKFRS 9, in accounting for such long-term interests. HKAS 28 is then applied to the net
      investment, which includes the long-term interests, only in the context of recognising losses of an associate or
      joint venture and impairment of the net investment in the associate or joint venture. The Group expects to
      adopt the amendments on April 1, 2019 and will assess its business model for such long-term interests based
      on the facts and circumstances that exist on April 1, 2019 using the transitional requirements in the
      amendments. The Group also intends to apply the relief from restating comparative information for prior periods
      upon adoption of the amendments.

      HK(IFRIC)-Int 23 addresses the accounting for income taxes (current and deferred) when tax treatments involve
      uncertainty that affects the application of HKAS 12 (often referred to as “uncertain tax positions”). The
      interpretation does not apply to taxes or levies outside the scope of HKAS 12, nor does it specifically include
      requirements relating to interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax treatments. The interpretation
      specifically addresses (i) whether an entity considers uncertain tax treatments separately; (ii) the assumptions an
      entity makes about the examination of tax treatments by taxation authorities; (iii) how an entity determines
      taxable profits or tax losses, tax bases, unused tax losses, unused tax credits and tax rates; and (iv) how an
      entity considers changes in facts and circumstances. The interpretation is to be applied retrospectively, either
      fully retrospectively without the use of hindsight or retrospectively with the cumulative effect of application as an
      adjustment to the opening equity at the date of initial application, without the restatement of comparative
      information. The Group expects to adopt the interpretation from April 1, 2019. The interpretation is not
      expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

      Investments in associates and joint ventures

      An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long term interest of the equity voting rights and over
      which it is in a position to exercise significant influence. Significant influence is the power to participate in the
      financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint control over those policies.

      A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the arrangement
      have rights to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed sharing of control of
      an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities require the unanimous consent
      of the parties sharing control.

      The Group’s investments in associates and joint ventures are stated in the consolidated statement of financial
      position at the Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any impairment
      losses.




                                                                                                                           139
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

2.4    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

       Investments in associates and joint ventures (continued)

       The Group’s share of the post-acquisition results and other comprehensive income of associates and joint
       ventures is included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and consolidated other comprehensive
       income, respectively. In addition, when there has been a change recognised directly in the equity of the
       associate or joint venture, the Group recognises its share of any changes, when applicable, in the consolidated
       statement of changes in equity. Unrealised gains and losses resulting from transactions between the Group and
       its associates or joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the Group’s investments in the associates or joint
       ventures, except where unrealised losses provide evidence of an impairment of the assets transferred. Goodwill
       arising from the acquisition of associates or joint ventures is included as part of the Group’s investments in
       associates or joint ventures.

       If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained interest is
       not remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity method. In all other
       cases, upon loss of significant influence over the associate or joint control over the joint venture, the Group
       measures and recognises any retained investment at its fair value. Any difference between the carrying amount
       of the associate or joint venture upon loss of significant influence or joint control and the fair value of the
       retained investment and proceeds from disposal is recognised in profit or loss.

       When an investment in an associate or a joint venture is classified as held for sale, it is accounted for in
       accordance with HKFRS 5 Non-current Assets Held for Sale and Discontinued Operations .

       Business combinations and goodwill

       Except for business combination under common control, the Company accounted for its business combinations
       using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred is measured at the acquisition date fair value which
       is the sum of the acquisition date fair values of assets transferred by the Group, liabilities assumed by the
       Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by the Group in exchange for
       control of the acquiree. For each business combination, the Group elects whether to measure the non-
       controlling interests in the acquiree that are present ownership interests and entitle their holders to a
       proportionate share of net assets in the event of liquidation at fair value or at the proportionate share of the
       acquiree’s identifiable net assets. All other components of non-controlling interests are measured at fair value.
       Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

       When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for appropriate
       classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic circumstances and pertinent
       conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of embedded derivatives in host contracts of
       the acquiree.

       If the business combination is achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest is remeasured at its
       acquisition date fair value and any resulting gain or loss is recognised in profit or loss.




140
                                                                                    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                           2019 Annual Report




                                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                               March 31, 2019

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Business combinations and goodwill (continued)

      Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognised at fair value at the acquisition
      date. Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability is measured at fair value with changes in fair
      value recognised in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is not remeasured and
      subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.

      Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration transferred, the
      amount recognised for non-controlling interests and any fair value of the Group’s previously held equity
      interests in the acquiree over the identifiable net assets acquired and liabilities assumed. If the sum of this
      consideration and other items is lower than the fair value of the net assets acquired, the difference is, after
      reassessment, recognised in profit or loss as a gain on bargain purchase.

      After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses. Goodwill is
      tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
      carrying value may be impaired. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business
      combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units (“CGUs”), or
      groups of CGUs, that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination, irrespective of whether
      other assets or liabilities of the Group are assigned to those units or groups of units.

      Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the cash-generating unit (“CGU”) (group of
      CGUs) to which the goodwill relates. Where the recoverable amount of the CGU (group of CGUs) is less than
      the carrying amount, an impairment loss is recognised. An impairment loss recognised for goodwill is not
      reversed in a subsequent period.

      Where goodwill has been allocated to a CGU (or group of CGUs) and part of the operation within that unit is
      disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in the carrying amount of the
      operation when determining the gain or loss on the disposal. Goodwill disposed of in these circumstances is
      measured based on the relative value of the operation disposed of and the portion of the CGU retained.

      Fair value measurement

      The Group measures its investment properties, derivative financial instruments and equity investments at fair
      value at the end of each reporting period. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid
      to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair
      value measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability
      takes place either in the principal market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market, in the
      most advantageous market for the asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market must be
      accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the assumptions that market
      participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market participants act in their
      economic best interest.




                                                                                                                           141
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

2.4    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

       Fair value measurement (continued)

       A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to generate
       economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another market participant
       that would use the asset in its highest and best use.

       The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which sufficient data
       are available to measure fair value, maximising the use of relevant observable inputs and minimising the use of
       unobservable inputs.

       All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are categorised
       within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair
       value measurement as a whole:

       Level 1     — based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities


       Level 2     — based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                       measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly


       Level 3     — based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value
                       measurement is unobservable

       For assets and liabilities that are recognised in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the Group
       determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing categorisation
       (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a whole) at the end of
       each reporting period.

       Impairment of non-financial assets

       Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is required (other
       than inventories, construction contract assets, financial assets, investment properties and non-current assets/a
       disposal group classified as held for sale), the asset’s recoverable amount is estimated. An asset’s recoverable
       amount is the higher of the asset’s or cash-generating unit’s value in use and its fair value less costs of
       disposal, and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate cash inflows that are
       largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets, in which case the recoverable amount is
       determined for the cash-generating unit to which the asset belongs.

       An impairment loss is recognised only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable amount. In
       assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value using a pre-tax
       discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the risks specific to the
       asset. An impairment loss is charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises in those
       expense categories consistent with the function of the impaired asset.




142
                                                                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                              2019 Annual Report




                                                                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                  March 31, 2019

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Impairment of non-financial assets (continued)

      An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication that previously
      recognised impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication exists, the
      recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognised impairment loss of an asset other than goodwill is
      reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the recoverable amount of that
      asset, but not to an amount higher than the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of any
      depreciation/amortisation) had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. A reversal of
      such an impairment loss is credited to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it arises, (only if
      there are revalued assets in the financial statements) unless the asset is carried at a revalued amount, in which
      case the reversal of the impairment loss is accounted for in accordance with the relevant accounting policy for
      that revalued asset.

      Related parties

      A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

      (a)   the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person

            (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;

            (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

            (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;

      or

      (b)   the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:

            (i)     the entity and the Group are members of the same group;

            (ii)    one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or fellow
                    subsidiary of the other entity);

            (iii)   the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

            (iv)    one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third entity;

            (v)     the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the Group or an
                    entity related to the Group; (If the Group is itself such a plan) and the sponsoring employers of the
                    post-employment benefit plan;

            (vi)    the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);




                                                                                                                              143
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

2.4    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

       Related parties (continued)

              (vii)    a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the key
                       management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

              (viii)   the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management personnel
                       services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.

       Property, plant and equipment and depreciation

       Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment losses. The cost
       of an item of property and equipment comprises its purchase price and any directly attributable costs of
       bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.

       Expenditure incurred after items of property, plant and equipment have been put into operation, such as repairs
       and maintenance, is normally charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it is incurred. In
       situations where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection is capitalised in the
       carrying amount of the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property, plant and equipment are
       required to be replaced at intervals, the Group recognises such parts as individual assets with specific useful
       lives and depreciates them accordingly.

       Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property, plant and
       equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for this purpose
       are as follows:

                                                           Over the shorter of lease terms and 33 /3%
                                                                                                   1
       Leasehold improvements
                                                           20% to 33 /3%
                                                                     1
       Computer equipment, furniture and fixtures
                                                           20% to 33 /3%
                                                                      1
       Motor vehicles

       Where parts of an item of property, plant and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item is
       allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual values,
       useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at each financial
       year end.

       An item of property, plant and equipment including any significant part initially recognised is derecognised upon
       disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss on
       disposal or retirement recognised in the statement of profit or loss in the year the asset is derecognised is the
       difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant asset.

       Construction in progress represents a building under construction, which is stated at cost less any impairment
       losses, and is not depreciated. Cost comprises the direct costs of construction and capitalised borrowing costs
       on related borrowed funds during the period of construction. Construction in progress is reclassified to the
       appropriate category of property, plant and equipment when completed and ready for use.




144
                                                                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                            2019 Annual Report




                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                March 31, 2019

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Leases

      Leases where substantially all the rewards and risks of ownership of assets remain with the lessor are
      accounted for as operating leases. Where the Group is the lessor, assets leased by the Group under operating
      leases are included in non-current assets, and rentals receivable under the operating leases are credited to the
      statement of profit or loss on the straight-line basis over the lease terms. Where the Group is the lessee,
      rentals payable under operating leases net of any incentives received from the lessor are charged to the
      statement of profit or loss on the straight-line basis over the lease terms.

      Investments and other financial assets (policies under HKFRS 9 applicable from April 1, 2018)

      Initial recognition and measurement

      Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortised cost, fair value
      through other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.

      The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual cash flow
      characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade receivables
      that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the practical
      expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially measures a
      financial asset at its fair value, plus in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through profit or loss,
      transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the
      Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the transaction price determined under HKFRS 15
      in accordance with the policies set out for “Revenue recognition (applicable from April 1, 2018)” below.

      In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortised cost or fair value through other
      comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and interest
      (“SPPI”) on the principal amount outstanding.

      The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial assets in order
      to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from collecting
      contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both.

      All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date that
      the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of
      financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by regulation or
      convention in the marketplace.




                                                                                                                            145
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

2.4    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

       Investments and other financial assets (policies under HKFRS 9 applicable from April 1, 2018)
       (continued)

      Subsequent measurement

       The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:

      Financial assets at amortised cost (debt instruments)

       The Group measures financial assets at amortised cost if both of the following conditions are met:

       •      The financial asset is held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in order to
              collect contractual cash flows.

       •      The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
              payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

       Financial assets at amortised cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest method and are
       subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the asset is
       derecognised, modified or impaired.

      Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (debt instruments)

       The Group measures debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income if both of the
       following conditions are met:

       •      The financial asset is held within a business model with the objective of both holding to collect contractual
              cash flows and selling.

       •      The contractual terms of the financial asset give rise on specified dates to cash flows that are solely
              payments of principal and interest on the principal amount outstanding.

       For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, interest income, foreign exchange
       revaluation and impairment losses or reversals are recognised in the statement of profit or loss and computed
       in the same manner as for financial assets measured at amortised cost. The remaining fair value changes are
       recognised in other comprehensive income. Upon derecognition, the cumulative fair value change recognised in
       other comprehensive income is recycled to the statement of profit or loss.




146
                                                                                    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                           2019 Annual Report




                                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                               March 31, 2019

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Investments and other financial assets (policies under HKFRS 9 applicable from April 1, 2018)
      (continued)

      Subsequent measurement (continued)

      Financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (equity investments)

      Upon initial recognition, the Group can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as equity investments
      designated at fair value through other comprehensive income when they meet the definition of equity under
      HKAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation and are not held for trading. The classification is determined on
      an instrument-by-instrument basis.

      Gains and losses on these financial assets are never recycled to the statement of profit or loss. Dividends are
      recognised as other income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established,
      it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of
      the dividend can be measured reliably, except when the Group benefits from such proceeds as a recovery of
      part of the cost of the financial asset, in which case, such gains are recorded in other comprehensive income.
      Equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income are not subject to impairment
      assessment.

      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss include financial assets held for trading, financial assets
      designated upon initial recognition at fair value through profit or loss, or financial assets mandatorily required to
      be measured at fair value. Financial assets are classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the
      purpose of selling or repurchasing in the near term. Derivatives, including separated embedded derivatives, are
      also classified as held for trading unless they are designated as effective hedging instruments. Financial assets
      with cash flows that are not solely payments of principal and interest are classified and measured at fair value
      through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model. Notwithstanding the criteria for debt instruments to be
      classified at amortised cost or at fair value through other comprehensive income, as described above, debt
      instruments may be designated at fair value through profit or loss on initial recognition if doing so eliminates, or
      significantly reduces, an accounting mismatch.

      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value
      with net changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

      This category includes derivative instruments and equity investments which the Group had not irrevocably
      elected to classify at fair value through other comprehensive income. Dividends on equity investments classified
      as financial assets at fair value profit or loss are also recognised as other income in the statement of profit or
      loss when the right of payment has been established, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with
      the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the dividend can be measured reliably.




                                                                                                                           147
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

2.4    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

       Investments and other financial assets (policies under HKFRS 9 applicable from April 1, 2018)
       (continued)

       Subsequent measurement (continued)

       Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (continued)

       A derivative embedded in a hybrid contract, with a financial liability or non-financial host, is separated from the
       host and accounted for as a separate derivative if the economic characteristics and risks are not closely related
       to the host; a separate instrument with the same terms as the embedded derivative would meet the definition
       of a derivative; and the hybrid contract is not measured at fair value through profit or loss. Embedded
       derivatives are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.
       Reassessment only occurs if there is either a change in the terms of the contract that significantly modifies the
       cash flows that would otherwise be required or a reclassification of a financial asset out of the fair value
       through profit or loss category.

       A derivative embedded within a hybrid contract containing a financial asset host is not accounted for
       separately. The financial asset host together with the embedded derivative is required to be classified in its
       entirety as a financial asset at fair value through profit or loss.

       Investments and other financial assets (policies under HKAS 39 applicable before April 1, 2018)

      Initial recognition and measurement

       Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss, loans
       and receivables and available-for-sale financial investments, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments
       in an effective hedge, as appropriate. When financial assets are recognised initially, they are measured at fair
       value plus transaction costs that are attributable to the acquisition of the financial assets, except in the case of
       financial assets recorded at fair value through profit or loss.

       All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on the trade date, that is, the date that
       the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases or sales of
       financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by regulation or
       convention in the marketplace.




148
                                                                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                              2019 Annual Report




                                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                  March 31, 2019

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Investments and other financial assets (policies under HKAS 39 applicable before April 1, 2018)
      (continued)

      Subsequent measurement

      The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:

      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss include financial assets held for trading and financial assets
      designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss. Financial assets are classified as held
      for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of sale in the near term. Derivatives, including separated
      embedded derivatives, are also classified as held for trading unless they are designated as effective hedging
      instruments as defined by HKAS 39.

      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial position at fair value
      with positive net changes in fair value presented as other income and gains and negative net changes in fair
      value presented as finance costs in the statement of profit or loss. These net fair value changes do not include
      any dividends or interest earned on these financial assets, which are recognised in accordance with the policies
      set out for “Revenue recognition (applicable before April 1, 2018)” below.

      Financial assets designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss are designated at the
      date of initial recognition and only if the criteria in HKAS 39 are satisfied.

      Derivatives embedded in host contracts are accounted for as separate derivatives and recorded at fair value if
      their economic characteristics and risks are not closely related to those of the host contracts and the host
      contracts are not held for trading or designated as at fair value through profit or loss. These embedded
      derivatives are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognised in the statement of profit or loss.
      Reassessment only occurs if there is either a change in the terms of the contract that significantly modifies the
      cash flows that would otherwise be required or a reclassification of a financial asset out of the fair value
      through profit or loss category.

      Loans and receivables

      Loans and receivables are non-derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable payments that are not
      quoted in an active market. After initial measurement, such assets are subsequently measured at amortised
      cost using the effective interest rate method less any allowance for impairment. Amortised cost is calculated by
      taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and includes fees or costs that are an integral part
      of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is included in other income and gains in the
      statement of profit or loss. The loss arising from impairment is recognised in the statement of profit or loss in
      finance costs for loans and in other expenses for receivables.




                                                                                                                              149
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

2.4    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

       Derecognition of financial assets (policies under HKFRS 9 applicable from April 1, 2018 and policies
       under HKAS 39 applicable before April 1, 2018)

       A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar financial assets)
       is primarily derecognised (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of financial position) when:

       •      the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or

       •      the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an obligation to
              pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a “pass-through”
              arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset,
              or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset,
              but has transferred control of the asset.

       When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a pass-
       through arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of ownership of
       the asset. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset nor
       transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to recognise the transferred asset to the extent of the
       Group’s continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also recognises an associated liability. The transferred
       asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights and obligations that the
       Group has retained.

       Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at the lower
       of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the Group could
       be required to repay.

       Impairment of financial assets (policies under HKFRS 9 applicable from April 1, 2018)

       The Group recognises an allowance for ECLs for all debt instruments not held at fair value through profit or
       loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash flows due in accordance with the
       contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive, discounted at an approximation of the
       original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include cash flows from the sale of collateral held
       or other credit enhancements that are integral to the contractual terms.

      General approach

       ECLs are recognised in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant increase in
       credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default events that are
       possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which there has been a
       significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for credit losses expected
       over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a lifetime ECL).




150
                                                                                   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report




                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                              March 31, 2019

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Impairment of financial assets (policies under HKFRS 9 applicable from April 1, 2018) (continued)

      General approach (continued)

      At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has increased
      significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk of a default
      occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default occurring on the
      financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and supportable information
      that is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-looking information.

      The Group considers a financial asset in default when contractual payments are aged more than two years.
      However, in certain cases, the Group may also consider a financial asset to be in default when internal or
      external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full
      before taking into account any credit enhancements held by the Group. A financial asset is written off when
      there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual cash flows.

      Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at amortised cost are
      subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified within the following stages for
      measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables and contract assets which apply the simplified approach as
      detailed below.

      Stage 1 — Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly since initial recognition
                   and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to 12-month ECLs


      Stage 2 — Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since initial recognition but
                   that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for which the loss allowance is measured at an
                   amount equal to lifetime ECLs


      Stage 3 — Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are not purchased or
                   originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to
                   lifetime ECLs




                                                                                                                          151
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

2.4    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

       Impairment of financial assets (policies under HKFRS 9 applicable from April 1, 2018) (continued)

      Simplified approach

       For trade receivables and contract assets that do not contain a significant financing component or when the
       Group applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the
       Group applies the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group does not
       track changes in credit risk, but instead recognises a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each reporting
       date. The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss experience,
       adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.

       For trade receivables and contract assets that contain a significant financing component and lease receivables,
       the Group chooses as its accounting policy to adopt the simplified approach in calculating ECLs with policies
       as described above.

       Impairment of financial assets (policies under HKAS 39 applicable before January 1, 2018)

       The Group assesses at the end of each reporting period whether there is objective evidence that a financial
       asset or a group of financial assets is impaired. An impairment exists if one or more events that occurred after
       the initial recognition of the asset have an impact on the estimated future cash flows of the financial asset or
       the group of financial assets that can be reliably estimated. Evidence of impairment may include indications that
       a debtor or a group of debtors is experiencing significant financial difficulty, default or delinquency in interest or
       principal payments, the probability that they will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganization and
       observable data indicating that there is a measurable decrease in the estimated future cash flows, such as
       changes in arrears or economic conditions that correlate with defaults.

      Financial assets carried at amortized cost

       For financial assets carried at amortized cost, the Group first assesses whether impairment exists individually
       for financial assets that are individually significant, or collectively for financial assets that are not individually
       significant. If the Group determines that no objective evidence of impairment exists for an individually assessed
       financial asset, whether significant or not, it includes the asset in a group of financial assets with similar credit
       risk characteristics and collectively assesses them for impairment. Assets that are individually assessed for
       impairment and for which an impairment loss is, or continues to be, recognised are not included in a collective
       assessment of impairment.

       The amount of any impairment loss identified is measured as the difference between the asset’s carrying
       amount and the present value of estimated future cash flows (excluding future credit losses that have not yet
       been incurred). The present value of the estimated future cash flows is discounted at the financial asset’s
       original effective interest rate (i.e., the effective interest rate computed at initial recognition).




152
                                                                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                               2019 Annual Report




                                                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                   March 31, 2019

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Impairment of financial assets (policies under HKAS 39 applicable before January 1, 2018) (continued)

      Financial assets carried at amortized cost (continued)

      The carrying amount of the asset is reduced through the use of an allowance account and the loss is
      recognised in the statement of profit or loss. Interest income continues to be accrued on the reduced carrying
      amount using the rate of interest used to discount the future cash flows for the purpose of measuring the
      impairment loss. Loans and receivables together with any associated allowance are written off when there is no
      realistic prospect of future recovery and all collateral has been realised or has been transferred to the Group.

      If, in a subsequent period, the amount of the estimated impairment loss increases or decreases because of an
      event occurring after the impairment was recognised, the previously recognised impairment loss is increased or
      reduced by adjusting the allowance account. If a write-off is later recovered, the recovery is credited to other
      expenses in the statement of profit or loss.

      Financial liabilities (policies under HKFRS 9 applicable from January 1, 2018 and HKAS 39 applicable
      before January 1, 2018)

      Initial recognition and measurement

      Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss,
      loans and borrowings, payables, or as derivatives designated as hedging instruments in an effective hedge, as
      appropriate.

      All financial liabilities are recognised initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings and
      payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.

      The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and bills payable, other payables and accruals, deferred revenue,
      contract liabilities, and interest-bearing borrowings.




                                                                                                                               153
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

2.4    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

       Financial liabilities (policies under HKFRS 9 applicable from January 1, 2018 and HKAS 39 applicable
       before January 1, 2018) (continued)

      Subsequent measurement

       The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:

      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (policies under HKFRS 9 applicable from April 1, 2018)

       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial
       liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss.

       Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are incurred for the purpose of repurchasing in the
       near term. This category also includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Group that are not
       designated as hedging instruments in hedge relationships as defined by HKFRS 9. Separated embedded
       derivatives are also classified as held for trading unless they are designated as effective hedging instruments.
       Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are recognised in the statement of profit or loss. The net fair value
       gain or loss recognised in the statement of profit or loss does not include any interest charged on these
       financial liabilities.

       Financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss are designated at the
       initial date of recognition, and only if the criteria in HKFRS 9 are satisfied. Gains or losses on liabilities
       designated at fair value through profit or loss are recognised in the statement of profit or loss, except for the
       gains or losses arising from the Group’s own credit risk which are presented in other comprehensive income
       with no subsequent reclassification to the statement of profit or loss. The net fair value gain or loss recognised
       in the statement of profit or loss does not include any interest charged on these financial liabilities.

      Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss (policies under HKAS 39 applicable before April 1, 2018)

       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for trading and financial
       liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss.

       Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are acquired for the purpose of repurchasing in the
       near term. This category includes derivative financial instruments entered into by the Group that are not
       designated as hedging instruments in hedge relationships as defined by HKAS 39. Separated embedded
       derivatives are also classified as held for trading unless they are designated as effective hedging instruments.
       Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are recognised in the statement of profit or loss. The net fair value
       gain or loss recognised in the statement of profit or loss does not include any interest charged on these
       financial liabilities.

       Financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss are designated at the
       date of initial recognition and only if the criteria in HKAS 39 are satisfied.




154
                                                                                    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                           2019 Annual Report




                                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                               March 31, 2019

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Financial liabilities (policies under HKFRS 9 applicable from January 1, 2018 and HKAS 39 applicable
      before January 1, 2018) (continued)

      Subsequent measurement (continued)

      Loans and borrowings

      After initial recognition, interest-bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at amortised cost,
      using the effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would be immaterial, in which case
      they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognised in the statement of profit or loss when the liabilities
      are derecognised as well as through the effective interest rate amortisation process.

      Amortised cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and fees or costs
      that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate amortisation is included in
      finance costs in the statement of profit or loss.

      Derecognition of financial liabilities (policies under HKFRS 9 applicable from April 1, 2018 and HKAS
      39 applicable before April 1, 2018)

      A financial liability is derecognised when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled, or expires.

      When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially different terms,
      or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or modification is treated as a
      derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and the difference between the
      respective carrying amounts is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

      Offsetting of financial instruments (policies under HKFRS 9 applicable from April 1, 2018 and HKAS
      39 applicable before April 1, 2018)

      Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of financial
      position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognised amounts and there is an intention
      to settle on a net basis, or to realise the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

      Treasury shares

      Own equity instruments which are reacquired and held by the Company or the Group (treasury shares) are
      recognised directly in equity at cost. No gain or loss is recognised in the statement of profit or loss on the
      purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Group’s own equity instruments.




                                                                                                                           155
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

2.4    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

       Inventories

       Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realisable value. Cost is determined on the first-in, first-out
       basis and, in the case of work in progress and finished goods, comprises direct materials, direct labour and an
       appropriate proportion of overheads. Net realisable value is based on estimated selling prices less any
       estimated costs to be incurred to completion and disposal.

       Cash and cash equivalents

       For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash on
       hand and demand deposits, and short term highly liquid investments that are readily convertible into known
       amounts of cash, are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and have a short maturity of generally
       within three months when acquired, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on demand and form an integral
       part of the Group’s cash management.

       For the purpose of the consolidated statement of financial position, cash and cash equivalents comprise cash
       on hand and at banks, including term deposits, and assets similar in nature to cash, which are not restricted
       as to use.

       Provisions

       A provision is recognised when a present obligation (legal or constructive) has arisen as a result of a past
       event and it is probable that a future outflow of resources will be required to settle the obligation, provided that
       a reliable estimate can be made of the amount of the obligation.

       When the effect of discounting is material, the amount recognised for a provision is the present value at the
       end of the reporting period of the future expenditures expected to be required to settle the obligation. The
       increase in the discounted present value amount arising from the passage of time is included in finance costs
       in the statement of profit or loss.

       Income tax

       Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognised outside profit or loss
       is recognised outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

       Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid to the
       taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively enacted by the
       end of the reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices prevailing in the countries in
       which the Group operates.

       Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of the reporting
       period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial reporting
       purposes.




156
                                                                                    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                           2019 Annual Report




                                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                               March 31, 2019

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Income tax (continued)

      Deferred tax liabilities are recognised for all taxable temporary differences, except:

      •     when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability in a
            transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the
            accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and

      •     in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and joint
            ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can be controlled and it is
            probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the foreseeable future.

      Deferred tax assets are recognised for all deductible temporary differences, the carryforward of unused tax
      credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognised to the extent that it is probable that
      taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, the carryforward of unused
      tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilised, except:

      •     when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the initial recognition
            of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the
            transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and

      •     in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries, associates and
            joint ventures, deferred tax assets are only recognised to the extent that it is probable that the temporary
            differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit will be available against which the
            temporary differences can be utilised.

      The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and reduced to the
      extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the
      deferred tax asset to be utilised. Unrecognised deferred tax assets are reassessed at the end of each
      reporting period and are recognised to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient taxable profit will
      be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.

      Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the period when
      the asset is realised or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or
      substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

      Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally enforceable right
      to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities
      relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same taxable entity or different
      taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on a net basis, or to realise the
      assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which significant amounts of deferred tax
      liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.




                                                                                                                           157
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

2.4    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

       Government grants

       Government grants are recognised at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the grant will be
       received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an expense item, it is
       recognised as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, which it is intended to
       compensate, are expensed.

       Revenue recognition (applicable from April 1, 2018)

      Revenue from contracts with customers

       Revenue from contracts with customers is recognised when control of goods or services is transferred to the
       customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be entitled in exchange
       for those goods or services.

       When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is estimated to
       which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the customer. The
       variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly probable that a
       significant revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognised will not occur when the associated
       uncertainty with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

       The Group reports revenue on a gross or net basis depending on whether the Group is acting as a principal or
       an agent in a transaction. The Group is a principal if it controls the specified product or service before that
       product or service is transferred to a customer or it has a right to direct others to provide the product or
       service to the customer on the Group’s behalf. Indicators that the Group is a principal include but not limited
       to whether the Group (i) is primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified good or
       service; (ii) has inventory risk before the specified good or service has been transferred to a customer or after
       transfer of control to the customer; (iii) has discretion in establishing the price for the specified good or service
       and etc.

       When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer a significant benefit of
       financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is measured at the
       present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be reflected in a
       separate financing transaction between the Group and the customer at contract inception. When the contract
       contains a financing component which provides the Group a significant financial benefit for more than one year,
       revenue recognised under the contract includes the interest expense accreted on the contract liability under the
       effective interest method. For a contract where the period between the payment by the customer and the
       transfer of the promised goods or services is one year or less, the transaction price is not adjusted for the
       effects of a significant financing component, using the practical expedient in HKFRS 15.




158
                                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report




                                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                            March 31, 2019

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Revenue recognition (applicable from April 1, 2018) (continued)

      Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

      (a)   Product tracking platform services

            The Group renders series of services through its product tracking platforms to the customers, including
            product tracking, and provision of recall and enforcement information. Revenue is recognised over the
            period when the underlying services are provided.

      (b)   Revenues from the pharmaceutical self-operated business which include:

            Sale of pharmaceutical and healthcare products

            The Group is engaged in the sale of pharmaceutical and healthcare products to individual customers
            (“business-to-customer” or “B2C”) through its online stores on Tmall.com (“Tmall”) and its offline
            pharmacy outlets, and to merchant customers (“business-to-business, or “B2B”). Revenue from sale of
            pharmaceutical and healthcare products is recorded net of discounts and recognised when the goods are
            delivered to individual customers, either by third party couriers or at the offline outlets, or to merchant
            customers by third party couriers. For contracts which provide a customer with a right to return the
            goods within a specified period, the expected value method is used to estimate the goods that will not
            be returned because this method best predicts the amount of variable consideration to which the Group
            will be entitled. The requirements in HKFRS 15 on constraining estimates of variable consideration are
            applied in order to determine the amount of variable consideration that can be included in the transaction
            price. For goods that are expected to be returned, instead of revenue, a refund liability is recognised. A
            right-of-return asset (and the corresponding adjustment to cost of sales) is also recognised for the right
            to recover products from a customer.

            Marketing services

            The Group provides marketing services to pharmaceutical brands primarily through display of impressions
            or clicks of the pharmaceutical brands’ advertisement on various online platforms and mobile apps. The
            fee from pharmaceutical brands is charged primarily on the basis of per thousand impressions or per
            click at fixed prices and recognised when impression displayed or clicks generated.




                                                                                                                        159
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

2.4    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

       Revenue recognition (applicable from April 1, 2018) (continued)

       Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

      (c)    Revenues from pharmaceutical E-commerce platform business which include:

              Outsourced and value-added services to Tmall Entities

              The Group provides outsourced and value-added services to Tmall Entities, i.e. Zhejiang Tmall Network
              Co., Ltd. (浙江天貓網絡有限公司) and Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd. (浙江天貓技術有限公司), in
              relation to certain categories of products or services sold or provided on Tmall. The outsourced and
              value-added services include business development for merchants, customer services on behalf of
              merchants, marketing event planning for merchants and technical support and assistance to the Tmall
              Entities’ business team. Revenue from the outsourced and value-added services is determined as a
              percentage of the fees paid by merchants to the Tmall Entities in respect of the transaction amount of
              completed sales of products or services under certain categories on Tmall and recognised when services
              are rendered and the underlying transactions of merchants are completed.

              E-commerce platform services

              The Group provides to merchants on Tmall e-commerce platform maintenance related software services
              in respect of merchants admission, product quality control, and merchants operational and maintenance
              support, and earns commissions from merchants generally at 3% of the transaction amounts of
              merchandise being sold on Tmall by the merchants. Revenue of the commissions is recognised at the
              time when the underlying sale of merchandise by merchants on Tmall is completed.

      (d)    Revenues from consumer healthcare business

              The Group, through its online stores on Tmall and mobile apps, facilitates medical and healthcare service
              organizations to provide services to end customers. The Group provides to medical and healthcare
              service organizations e-commerce platform maintenance related software services, customer consultation,
              reservation and other value-added services and charges a service fee at a percentage of the amount of
              the transaction entered into by the medical and healthcare service providers and their customers, or at a
              fixed price per reservation through the Group’s online store. The revenue is recognised at the time when
              the underlying transaction is completed by the medical and healthcare service provider through Tmall.

              The Group also provides e-commerce platform maintenance related software service, marketing event
              planning service, promotion service to aesthetic medicine service providers through its self-operated online
              store on Tmall. The Group charges the aesthetic medicine service providers a fixed fee for services to be
              provided generally over a year and recognises revenue ratably over the service period.

              The Group also provides marketing services to medical and healthcare service organizations primarily
              through display of impressions or clicks of the advertisement in particular areas of web page or mobile
              app. The fee from medical and healthcare service organizations is charged primarily on the basis of per
              thousand impressions or per click at fixed prices and recognised when impression displayed or clicks
              generated.



160
                                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report




                                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                           March 31, 2019

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Revenue recognition (applicable from April 1, 2018) (continued)

      Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

      (e)   Revenues from other innovation businesses:

            The Group provides multi-faceted, multi-level, professional and convenient health consultation services to
            users through their engaged professionals, such as medical practitioners, pharmacists and nutritionists.
            The Group charges a fixed consultation fee to the user and recognises revenue at the time when the
            service is rendered to the user.

      Revenue from other sources

      Rental income is recognised on a time proportion basis over the lease terms.

      Other income

      Interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate that
      exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument or a
      shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.

      Dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been established, it is
      probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the
      dividend can be measured reliably.

      Revenue recognition (applicable before April 1, 2018)

      Revenue is recognised when it is probable that the economic benefits will flow to the Group and when the
      revenue can be measured reliably, on the following bases:

      (a)   Product tracking platform service income

            The Group renders series of services through its product tracking platforms to the customers, including
            product tracking, and the provision of recall and enforcement information. The services are rendered over
            a period of time. Revenue is recognised over the period when the underlying services are provided.

      (b)   Income from the pharmacy business which includes:

            Business-to-customer (“B2C”) pharmacy business

            The Group is engaged in the sale of over-the-counter drugs and other health related goods to individual
            customers through its online store on Tmall.com (“Tmall”) and its offline pharmacy outlets. The revenue
            from B2C pharmacy business is recognised when the over-the-counter drugs and other health related
            goods are delivered to individual customers, either by third party couriers or at the offline outlets.
            Revenue from B2C pharmacy business is recorded net of discounts.


                                                                                                                       161
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

2.4    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

       Revenue recognition (applicable before April 1, 2018) (continued)

       (b)    Income from the pharmacy business which includes: (continued)

             Business-to-business (“B2B”) pharmacy business

              The Group is engaged in the sale of over-the-counter drugs and other health related goods to merchants
              offline. The revenue from B2B pharmacy business is recognised when the over-the-counter drugs and
              other health related goods are delivered to merchants. Revenue from B2B pharmacy business is
              recorded net of discounts.

             Outsourced and value-added services to Tmall Entities

              The Group provides outsourced and value-added services to Tmall Entities in relation to certain
              categories of products or services sold on or provided on Tmall. The outsourced and value-added
              services provided by the Group include business development for merchant, customer services on behalf
              of merchants, marketing event planning for merchants and technical support and assistance to the Tmall
              Entities’ business team. Such service revenue is determined as a percentage of the fees paid by
              merchants to the Tmall Entities in respect of the value of completed sales of products or services under
              certain categories on Tmall. The revenue from these services is recognised when services are rendered
              and the underlying transactions of merchants are completed.

             E-commerce platform services

              The Group provided e-commerce platform maintenance related software services to merchants on
              Tmall.com. The revenue is recognised at the time when the transactions are completed and settled on
              Tmall.com.

             Marketing services

              The Group provided comprehensive marketing services covering multiple channels throughout the whole
              chain to pharmaceutical brands. The revenue is recognised when services are performed in accordance
              with the terms of the contract.

      (c)     interest income is recognised on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the rate
              that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial instrument
              or a shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset; and

      (d)     dividend income is recognised when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been established.

       Contract assets (applicable from April 1, 2018)

       A contract asset is the right to consideration in exchange for goods or services transferred to the customer. If
       the Group performs by transferring goods or services to a customer before the customer pays consideration or
       before payment is due, a contract asset is recognised for the earned consideration that is conditional.



162
                                                                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                            2019 Annual Report




                                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                March 31, 2019

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Contract liabilities (applicable from April 1, 2018)

      A contract liability is the obligation to transfer goods or services to a customer for which the Group has
      received a consideration (or an amount of consideration that is due) from the customer. If a customer pays the
      consideration before the Group transfers goods or services to the customer, a contract liability is recognised
      when the payment is made or the payment is due (whichever is earlier). Contract liabilities are recognised as
      revenue when the Group performs under the contract.

      Contract costs (applicable from April 1, 2018)

      Other than the costs which are capitalised as inventories, property, plant and equipment and intangible assets,
      costs incurred to fulfil a contract with a customer are capitalised as an asset if all of the following criteria are
      met:

      (a)    The costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the entity can specifically identify.

      (b)    The costs generate or enhance resources of the entity that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing to
             satisfy) performance obligations in the future.

      (c)    The costs are expected to be recovered.

      The capitalised contract costs are amortised and charged to the statement of profit or loss on a systematic
      basis that is consistent with the pattern of the revenue to which the asset related is recognised. Other contract
      costs are expensed as incurred.

      Costs of services

      Costs of services comprise labour, other costs of personnel directly engaged in providing the services and
      attributable overhead costs for technical support and other direct service costs purchased.

      Share-based payments

      The Company operates a share option scheme for the purpose of providing incentives and rewards to eligible
      participants who contribute to the success of the Group’s operations. Employees (including directors) of the
      Group receive remuneration in the form of share-based payments, whereby employees render services as
      consideration for equity instruments (“equity-settled transactions”).

      The cost of equity-settled transactions with employees for grants after November 7, 2002 is measured by
      reference to the fair value at the date at which they are granted. The fair value is determined by an external
      valuer using a binomial model, further details of which are given in note 28 to the financial statements.




                                                                                                                            163
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

2.4    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

       Share-based payments (continued)

       The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognised in employee benefit expense, together with a
       corresponding increase in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service conditions are
       fulfilled. The cumulative expense recognised for equity-settled transactions at the end of each reporting period
       until the vesting date reflects the extent to which the vesting period has expired and the Group’s best estimate
       of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. The charge or credit to the statement of profit or
       loss for a period represents the movement in the cumulative expense recognised as at the beginning and end
       of that period.

       Service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining the grant date
       fair value of awards, but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as part of the Group’s best
       estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. Market performance conditions are
       reflected within the grant date fair value. Any other conditions attached to an award, but without an associated
       service requirement, are considered to be non-vesting conditions. Non-vesting conditions are reflected in the fair
       value of an award and lead to an immediate expensing of an award unless there are also service and/or
       performance conditions.

       For awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service conditions have not
       been met, no expense is recognised. Where awards include a market or non-vesting condition, the
       transactions are treated as vesting irrespective of whether the market or non-vesting condition is satisfied,
       provided that all other performance and/or service conditions are satisfied.

       Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is recognised as if the
       terms had not been modified, if the original terms of the award are met. In addition, an expense is recognised
       for any modification that increases the total fair value of the share-based payments, or is otherwise beneficial to
       the employee as measured at the date of modification.

       Where an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated as if it had vested on the date of cancellation, and any
       expense not yet recognised for the award is recognised immediately. This includes any award where non-
       vesting conditions within the control of either the Group or the employee are not met. However, if a new award
       is substituted for the cancelled award, and is designated as a replacement award on the date that it is
       granted, the cancelled and new awards are treated as if they were a modification of the original award, as
       described in the previous paragraph.

       The dilutive effect of outstanding options is reflected as additional share dilution in the computation of earnings
       per share.




164
                                                                                  ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                         2019 Annual Report




                                                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                             March 31, 2019

2.4   SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Other employee benefits

      Pension scheme

      The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme (the “MPF
      Scheme”) under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for all of its employees. Contributions are
      made based on a percentage of the employees’ basic salaries and are charged to the statement of profit or
      loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the MPF Scheme. The assets of the MPF
      Scheme are held separately from those of the Group in an independently administered fund. The Group’s
      employer contributions vest fully with the employees when contributed into the MPF Scheme.

      Full-time employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in Mainland China are required to participate in
      a defined contribution scheme operated by the local municipal government. These subsidiaries are required to
      contribute a certain percentage of their payroll costs to the defined contribution scheme which includes
      pension, medical care, unemployment insurance, employee housing fund and other welfare. The contributions
      are charged to the statement of profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the
      defined contribution scheme. The Group has no legal obligation for the benefits beyond the contributions
      made.

      Borrowing costs

      Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying assets, i.e.,
      assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or sale, are
      capitalised as part of the cost of those assets. The capitalisation of such borrowing costs ceases when the
      assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. Investment income earned on the temporary
      investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted from the
      borrowing costs capitalised. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they are incurred.
      Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with the borrowing of
      funds.

      Dividends

      Final dividends are recognised as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a general meeting.
      Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.

      Interim dividends are simultaneously proposed and declared, because the Company’s memorandum and articles
      of association grant the directors the authority to declare interim dividends. Consequently, interim dividends are
      recognised immediately as a liability when they are proposed and declared.




                                                                                                                         165
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

2.4    SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

       Foreign currencies

       The Company’s functional currency is HK$, while these financial statements are presented in RMB. Each entity
       in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial statements of each
       entity are measured using that functional currency. Foreign currency transactions recorded by the entities in the
       Group are initially recorded using their respective functional currency rates prevailing at the dates of the
       transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies are translated at the functional
       currency rates of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting period. Differences arising on settlement or
       translation of monetary items are recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

       Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are translated using the
       exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured at fair value in a foreign
       currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value was measured. The gain or
       loss arising on translation of a non-monetary item measured at fair value is treated in line with the recognition
       of the gain or loss on change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation difference on the item whose fair value
       gain or loss is recognised in other comprehensive income or profit or loss is also recognised in other
       comprehensive income or profit or loss, respectively).

       In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income on the
       derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration, the date
       of initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognises the non-monetary asset or non-
       monetary liability arising from the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or receipts in advance,
       the Group determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt of the advance consideration.

       The functional currencies of certain overseas subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are currencies other
       than the RMB. As at the end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these entities are translated
       into RMB at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period and their statements of profit or
       loss are translated into RMB at the weighted average exchange rates for the year.

       The resulting exchange differences are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the
       exchange fluctuation reserve. On disposal of a foreign operation, the component of other comprehensive
       income relating to that particular foreign operation is recognised in the statement of profit or loss.

       Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation and any fair value adjustments to the carrying
       amounts of assets and liabilities arising on acquisition are treated as assets and liabilities of the foreign
       operation and translated at the closing rate.

       For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of overseas subsidiaries are
       translated into RMB at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash flows. Frequently recurring cash
       flows of overseas subsidiaries which arise throughout the year are translated into RMB at the weighted average
       exchange rates for the year.




166
                                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report




                                                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                            March 31, 2019

3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

     The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates and
     assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and their
     accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions and
     estimates could result in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the
     assets or liabilities affected in the future.

     Judgements

     In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following judgements,
     apart from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the amounts recognised in the
     financial statements:

     Accounting for companies governed under contractual arrangements as subsidiaries

     The Company and some of its subsidiaries do not hold any equity interests in certain of their subsidiaries.
     Nevertheless, under the contractual agreements entered into between the Group and the shareholders who are
     the registered owners of those subsidiaries, the directors of the Company determine that the Group has the
     power to govern the financial and operating policies of those subsidiaries so as to obtain benefits from their
     activities. As such, those subsidiaries are accounted for as subsidiaries of the Group for accounting purposes.

     Principal versus agent considerations

     In determining whether the Group is acting as a principal or as an agent in the sales of goods and provision of
     services, requires judgement and consideration of all relevant facts and circumstances. In evaluation of the
     Group acting as a principal or an agent, the Group considers whether it obtains control of the goods or
     service before that goods or service is transferred to a customer, including whether the Group is primarily
     responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide the specified good or service, has inventory risk before the
     specified good or service has been transferred to a customer or after transfer of control to the customer (for
     example, if the customer has a right of return), has discretion in establishing the price for the specified good or
     service and etc.

     Estimation uncertainty

     The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the end of the
     reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of assets
     and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.

     Variable consideration for returns

     The Group estimates variable consideration to be included in the transaction price for the sale of industrial
     products with rights of return and volume rebates.

     The Group developed a statistical model for forecasting sales returns. The model used the historical return data
     of each product to come up with expected return percentages. These percentages are applied to determine
     the expected value of the variable consideration. Any significant changes in experience as compared to
     historical return pattern will impact the expected return percentages estimated by the Group.



                                                                                                                        167
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

       Estimation uncertainty (continued)

      Impairment of goodwill

       The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis. This requires an estimation of
       the value in use of the cash-generating units to which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the value in use
       requires the Group to make an estimate of the expected future cash flows from the cash-generating units and
       also to choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows. The
       carrying amount of goodwill at March 31, 2019 was RMB27,006,000 (March 31, 2018: RMB19,123,000).
       Further details are given in note 13.

      Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables

       The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables. The provision rates are based on
       aging for groupings of various customers that have similar loss patterns (i.e., by customer type and rating).

       The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The Group will calibrate
       the matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information. For instance, if
       forecast economic conditions (i.e., gross domestic products) are expected to deteriorate over the next year
       which can lead to an increased number of defaults in the manufacturing sector, the historical default rates are
       adjusted. At each reporting date, the historical observed default rates are updated and changes in the
       forward-looking estimates are analysed.

       The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates, forecast economic conditions and
       ECLs is a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances and forecast
       economic conditions. The Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic conditions may
       also not be representative of customer’s actual default in the future. The information about the ECLs on the
       Group’s trade receivables is disclosed in note 17 to the financial statements, respectively.

      Provision of ECL for debt instrument at FVOCI

       The measurement of the expected credit loss allowance for debt instrument at FVOCI is an area that requires
       the use of significant assumptions including but not limited to determining criteria for significant increase in
       credit risk, choosing appropriate models and assumptions for the measurement of ECL and taking future
       economic conditions and debtor’s behaviour into account.

      Deferred tax assets

       Deferred tax assets are recognised for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable profit will
       be available against which the losses can be utilised. Significant management judgement is required to
       determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognised, based upon the likely timing and level of
       future taxable profits together with future tax planning strategies.




168
                                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report




                                                                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                           March 31, 2019

3.   SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

     Estimation uncertainty (continued)

     Fair value of financial instruments at FVPL or FVOCI

     The unlisted equity investments have been valued based on a market-based valuation technique as detailed in
     note 36 to the financial statements. The valuation requires the Group to determine the comparable public
     companies (peers) and select the price multiple. In addition, the Group makes estimates about the discount for
     illiquidity and size differences. The Group classifies the fair value of these investments as Level 3. Further
     details are included in note 20 to the financial statements.

     The wealth management products have been valued based on the expected cash flows discounted at current
     rates applicable for items with similar terms and risk characteristics. This valuation requires the Group to make
     estimates about expected future cash flows, credit risk volatility and discount rates and hence they are subject
     to uncertainty.

     The derivative instruments held by the Group and financial liabilities of the Group have been valued based on
     valuation models with the assistance of the external valuer engaged by the Group. Management make
     estimates and assumptions about factors, such as risk-free rate, dividend yield, expected volatility and
     expected life as the parameters for applying the valuation. Further details are included in note 20 to the
     financial statements.

     Impairment of inventories

     Management reviews the ageing analysis of inventories of the Group at the end of each reporting period, and
     makes provision on expired and slow-moving inventory items identified that are no longer suitable for sale.
     Management estimates the net realisable value for such inventories based primarily on the available selling
     prices, budgeted fulfilment costs and current market conditions. If the market condition was to deteriorate so
     that the actual provision might be higher than expected, the Group would be required to revise the basis of
     making the provision and its future results would be affected.

     Impairment of investments in associates

     The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for investments in associates at the end of
     each reporting period. Investments in associates are tested for impairment when there are indicators that the
     carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying amount of an investment in
     an associate exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair value less costs of disposal and its
     value in use. The calculation of the fair value less costs of disposal is based on available data from binding
     sales transactions in an arm’s length transaction of similar assets or observable market prices less incremental
     costs for disposing of the asset. When value in use calculations are undertaken, management must estimate
     the expected future cash flows from the associate and choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the
     present value of those cash flows.




                                                                                                                       169
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

3.     SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES (CONTINUED)

       Estimation uncertainty (continued)

      Measurement of share-based compensation expenses

       The Company adopted a share award scheme. Share-based compensation expenses is recorded net of
       estimated forfeitures in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and as such is recorded for those share-
       based awards that are expected to vest. Determining the fair value of share options and restricted share unites
       (“RSUs”) requires significant judgement. The Company estimated the fair value of its share options and RSUs
       using the binomial model, which requires the Group to make estimates about inputs, such as expected
       volatility, expected dividend yield, exercise multiple, risk-free interest rate and expected forfeiture rate, and
       hence it is subject to uncertainty.

4.     OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

       The Group is primarily engaged in pharmaceutical self-operated business, operation of pharmaceutical
       e-commerce platform, provision of consumer healthcare services, and other innovative healthcare related
       services. Given that the chief operating decision maker of the Company considers that the Group’s business is
       operated and managed as a single segment of development and distribution of pharmaceutical and health
       products related business, accordingly, no segment information is presented.

       Geographical information

       Substantially all of the Group’s revenue and non-current assets were derived from and located in the PRC and,
       therefore, no geographical segment information is presented.

       Information about a major customer

       During the years ended March 31, 2019 and 2018, there was no revenue derived from transactions with a
       single external customer which amounted to 10% or more of the Group’s revenue.




170
                                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                     2019 Annual Report




                                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                         March 31, 2019

5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS

     The Group is primarily engaged in e-commerce platform services, self-operated healthcare product sales,
     tracking services, consumer healthcare business and innovative healthcare related services in the PRC.

     An analysis of revenue, other income and gains is as follows:

                                                                                             2019                   2018
                                                                                       RMB’000                 RMB’000


     Pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business                                         689,980                 173,894
     Pharmaceutical self-operated business                                             4,226,950              2,209,236
     Tracking services                                                                     38,720                 24,353
     Consumer healthcare business                                                        128,254                  34,157
     Innovative healthcare related services and others                                     11,963                     978


                                                                                       5,095,867              2,442,618




                                                                                                                     171
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

5.     REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (CONTINUED)

       Revenue from contracts with customers

      (i)    Disaggregated revenue information

                                                                                                                2019
                                                                                                           RMB’000


              Type of goods or services:
                 Sales of products                                                                         4,049,991
                 Provision of services                                                                     1,045,876


              Total revenue from contracts with customers                                                  5,095,867


              Timing of revenue recognition:
                 At a point in time                                                                        5,032,674
                 Over time                                                                                    63,193


              Total revenue from contracts with customers                                                  5,095,867


              Substantially all of the Group’s revenue were derived from PRC, therefore, no geographical information is
              presented.

              The following table shows the amounts of revenue recognised in the current reporting period that were
              included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period:

                                                                                                                2019
                                                                                                           RMB’000


              Revenue recognised that was included in contract liabilities at the beginning of the
                 reporting period:
                 Sales of products                                                                            15,957
                 Provision of services                                                                        69,179


                                                                                                              85,136




172
                                                                                   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report




                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                              March 31, 2019

5.   REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (CONTINUED)

     Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

     (ii)   Performance obligations

            Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarised below:

            Sales of products

            The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of the healthcare products. For B2C pharmacy sales
            business, payment is received from payment platform, i.e. Alipay, when the receipt of goods is confirmed
            by customers or by the payment platform automatically at a pre-specified period of time after delivery.
            For B2B pharmacy sales business, payment is generally due within 30–90 days except for new
            customers, where payment in advance is normally required. Some contracts provide customers with a
            right of return which gives rise to variable consideration subject to constraint.

            Provision of services

            The performance obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time as services are rendered. Payment
            is generally received upon the completion of the underlying transactions, prior to the provision of services
            on a full prepayment basis, or due within 30–90 days except for new customers, where payment in
            advance is normally required.

            The transaction prices allocated to the remaining performance obligations (unsatisfied or partially
            unsatisfied) as at March 31, 2019 are as follows:

                                                                                                                    RMB’000


            Within one year                                                                                           371,270
            More than one year                                                                                         26,825


                                                                                                                      398,095




                                                                                                                          173
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

5.     REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (CONTINUED)

       Revenue from contracts with customers (continued)

                                                                                                                   2019                    2018
                                                                                                             RMB’000                  RMB’000


       Other income
       Bank interest income                                                                                      23,573                  13,206
       Other interest income (note 18)                                                                            1,483                   1,617
       Government grants      #
                                                                                                                  2,400                   5,326
       Others                                                                                                       878                      475


                                                                                                                 28,334                  20,624


       Gains
       Gain on disposal of items of property and equipment                                                            15                        4
       Foreign exchange difference, net                                                                               —                  31,765
       Fair value gains on financial assets at FVPL                                                              17,659                      —
       Fair value gains on financial liabilities at FVPL                                                          8,589                        —
       Gain on disposal of a joint venture (note 14)                                                             12,417                        —


                                                                                                                 38,680                  31,769


                                                                                                                 67,014                  52,393


       #
              Government grants have been received as incentives in certain regions in Mainland China in which the Company’s subsidiaries operate.


6.     FULFILMENT

       Fulfilment primarily consists of those costs incurred in warehousing, shipping, operation and customer services,
       which are associated with the Group’s B2C online pharmacy business of health related products.




174
                                                                                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report




                                                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                                   March 31, 2019

7.   LOSS BEFORE TAX

     The Group’s loss before tax is arrived at after charging/(crediting):

                                                                                                                      2019                     2018
                                                                                            Notes               RMB’000                  RMB’000


     Auditor’s remuneration                                                                                          1,330                    1,228
     Cost of goods sold*                                                                                        3,343,225                1,711,194
     Cost of services provided* (excluding employee benefit expense
           and share-based compensation expenses)                                                                 408,409                    53,755
     Interest on bank loans**                                                                                           833                   6,393
     Interest on other loans**                                                                                      27,133                    3,733
     Depreciation                                                                             12                     3,989                    4,508
     Minimum lease payments under operating leases for office
           buildings                                                                                                18,425                   13,347
     Impairment of trade receivables***                                                       17                     1,226                    1,167
     Reversal of impairment of other receivables***                                           18                       (807)                     —
     (Reversal of)/impairment of inventories*                                                                      (12,616)                  14,469
     Write-off of inventories***                                                                                     1,090                    2,363
     Fair value (gains)/losses on financial assets FVPL***                                                         (17,659)                   6,200
     Employee benefit expense (including directors’ and chief
           executive’s remuneration)
           Wages and salaries                                                                                     226,066                  145,403
           Bonuses                                                                                                  87,699                   46,752
           Pension scheme contributions#                                                                            23,420                   14,350
           Share-based compensation expenses                                                  28                  213,493                  117,034


                                                                                                                  550,678                  323,539


     Foreign exchange differences, net****                                                                               64                 (31,765)


     *        These items are included in “Cost of revenue” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


     **       These items are included in “Finance costs” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


     ***      These items are included in “Other expenses”/”Other income and gains” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


     #
              At March 31, 2019, the Group had no forfeited contributions available to reduce its contributions to the pension schemes in future years
              (2018: Nil).




                                                                                                                                               175
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

8.     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION

       Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Listing Rules, section
       383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of
       Information about Benefits of Directors) Regulation, is as follows:

                                                                                            2019                2018
                                                                                        RMB’000            RMB’000


       Fees                                                                                 1,106                996


       Other emoluments:
         Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                          1,518              1,553
         Performance related bonus                                                            375                120
         Share-based compensation expenses                                                 18,135             13,697
         Pension scheme contributions                                                         142                 52


                                                                                           20,170             15,422


                                                                                           21,276             16,418


       During the year ended March 31, 2019, two directors (2018: two) of the Company were granted share options
       and RSUs, in respect of their services to the Group, under the share award scheme of the Company, further
       details of which are set out in note 28 to the financial statements. The fair values of such options and RSUs,
       which have been recognised in the consolidated statement of profit or loss over the vesting period, were
       determined as at the date of grant and the amounts included in the financial statements for the years ended
       March 31, 2019 and 2018 are included in the above directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration disclosures.




176
                                                                                  ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                         2019 Annual Report




                                                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                             March 31, 2019

8.   DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (CONTINUED)

     (a)   Independent non-executive directors

           The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:

                                                                                                 2019                   2018
                                                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000


           Mr. Wong King On, Samuel                                                               542                     488
           Mr. Yan Xuan                                                                           271                     244
           Mr. Luo Tong                                                                           293                     264


                                                                                                1,106                     996


           There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors during the year
           (2018: Nil).

     (b)   Executive directors and non-executive directors

                                                Salaries,
                                             allowances                      Share-based          Pension
                                          and benefits in    Performance    compensation          scheme             Total
                                     Fees           kind    related bonus       expenses     contributions    remuneration
                                  RMB’000       RMB’000          RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000


           2019
           Executive directors:
           Mr. Shen Difan1              —              33              —           6,834                29             6,896
           Mr. Wang Qiang2              —           1,333            375           3,241                56             5,005


                                        —           1,366            375          10,075                85           11,901


           Non-executive
              directors:
           Mr. Wu Yongming              —              —               —               —                —                 —
           Mr. Kang Kai3                —              —               —               —                —                 —
           Mr. Wang Lei4                —            152               —           8,060                57             8,269
           Ms. Zhang Yu5                —             —                —              —                 —                 —


                                        —            152               —           8,060                57             8,269


                                        —           1,518            375          18,135               142           20,170




                                                                                                                         177
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

8.     DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (CONTINUED)

       (b)    Executive directors and non-executive directors (continued)

                                                                Salaries,                        Share-based
                                                         allowances and        Performance      compensation Pension scheme                   Total
                                                  Fees   benefits in kind    related bonus          expenses       contributions      remuneration
                                             RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000           RMB’000           RMB’000            RMB’000


              2018
              Executive directors:
              Mr. Shen Difan1                       —                   —                —                   —                —                 —
              Mr. Wang Lei   4                      —              1,481               120               13,384               52            15,037


                                                    —              1,481               120               13,384               52            15,037


              Non-executive directors:
              Mr. Wu Yongming                       —                   —                —                   —                —                 —
              Mr. Tsai Chung, Joseph     6          —                   —                —                   —                —                 —
              Ms. Huang Aizhu    7                  —                   —                —                   —                —                 —
              Mr. Kang Kai   3                      —                   72               —                 313                —                385
              Mr. Wang Lei   4                      —                   —                —                  —                 —                 —
              Ms. Zhang Yu5                         —                   —                —                   —                —                 —


                                                    —                   72               —                 313                —                385


                                                    —              1,553               120               13,697               52            15,422


              1      Appointed as executive director and the chief executive officer on March 29, 2018
              2      Appointed as executive director on July 20, 2018
              3      Resigned on July 20, 2018
              4      Resigned as an executive director and the chief executive officer, and appointed as a non-executive director on March 29, 2018
              5      Appointed on December 29, 2017
              6      Resigned on December 29, 2017
              7      Resigned on December 29, 2017




178
                                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                      2019 Annual Report




                                                                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                          March 31, 2019

9.   FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

     The five highest paid employees during the year included two (2018: one) directors, details of whose
     remuneration are set out in note 8 above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining three
     (2018: four) non-director, highest paid employees who are neither a director nor chief executive of the
     Company are as follows:

                                                                                              2019                   2018
                                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000


     Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                               3,667                   3,846
     Performance related bonuses                                                             1,409                   2,197
     Share-based compensation expenses                                                      13,459                 16,770
     Pension scheme contributions                                                              165                     135


                                                                                            18,700                 22,948


     The number of non-director, highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the following bands is as
     follows:

                                                                                        Number of employees
                                                                                              2019                    2018


     HK$5,000,001 to HK$5,500,000                                                                —                        2
     HK$5,500,001 to HK$6,000,000                                                                —                       1
     HK$6,500,001 to HK$7,000,000                                                                 1                      —
     HK$7,500,001 to HK$8,000,000                                                                2                       —
     HK$11,000,001 to HK$11,500,000                                                              —                        1


                                                                                                  3                       4


     During the years ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018, share options and RSUs were granted to non-
     director and non-chief executive highest paid employees in respect of their services to the Group, further
     details of which are included in the disclosures in note 28 to the financial statements. The fair values of such
     options and RSUs, which have been recognised in the statement of profit or loss over the vesting period, were
     determined as at the date of grant and the amounts included in the financial statements for the current and
     prior years are included in the above non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees’
     remuneration disclosures.




                                                                                                                      179
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

10.    INCOME TAX

                                                                                                               2019                    2018
                                                                                                          RMB’000                RMB’000


       Underprovision in prior years — Hong Kong                                                                 199                      —
       Current — Mainland China
         Charge for the year                                                                                 33,623                 12,773
         Overprovision in prior years                                                                         (6,883)                   —
       Deferred (note 26)                                                                                      3,995                  1,116


       Total tax charge for the year                                                                         30,934                 13,889


      Note:    No provision for Hong Kong profits tax has been made as the Group did not generate any assessable profits arising in Hong Kong
               during the year (2018: Nil).


       In general, the PRC subsidiaries of the Group are subject to the PRC corporate income tax rate of 25%
       except for one PRC subsidiary which is entitled to a preferential tax rate at 15% for the three years ended
       December 31, 2018.

       The share of tax attributable to a joint venture amounting to approximately RMB4,389,000 (2018: RMB224,000)
       is included in “Share of profits or losses of joint ventures” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.

       The share of tax charges attributable to associates amounting to approximately RMB11,877,000 (2018:
       RMB247,000) is included in “Share of profits or losses of associates” in the consolidated statement of profit or
       loss.




180
                                                                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                               2019 Annual Report




                                                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                   March 31, 2019

10.   INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)

      A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to loss before tax at the statutory rate for the jurisdictions in
      which the majority of its subsidiaries are domiciled to the tax expense at the effective tax rate, and a
      reconciliation of the applicable rate (i.e., the statutory tax rate) to the effective tax rate, are as follows:

      2019

                                                     Hong Kong               Mainland China                       Total
                                                RMB’000              %     RMB’000                %      RMB’000                %


      Income/(loss) before tax                    108,857                  (169,687)                       (60,830)


      Tax at the statutory tax rate                17,961          16.5     (42,422)            25.0       (24,461)          40.2
      Effect of lower tax rate enacted by
         local authority                                —            —         2,240             (1.3)       2,240            (3.7)
      Income not subject to tax                     (1,454)        (1.3)      (2,609)            1.5        (4,063)            6.7
      Expenses not deductible for tax                 589           0.5      74,219            (43.7)       74,808           (123)
      Research and development super
         deduction                                      —            —        (6,908)            4.1        (6,908)          11.4
      Under/(over)provision of tax in
         prior years                                  199           0.2       (6,883)            4.1        (6,684)          11.0
      Tax losses utilized from previous
         periods                                        —            —      (29,343)            17.3       (29,343)          48.2
      Tax losses and deductible temporary
         differences not recognised                 3,063           2.8      19,766            (11.6)       22,829           (37.5)
      (Profits)/losses attributable to joint
         ventures and associates                    (3,852)        (3.5)     10,107              (5.4)       6,255           (10.3)
      Effect of different tax rate between
         statutory tax rate and withholding
         tax rate in PRC                            (3,739)        (3.4)          —                —        (3,739)            6.1


      Tax charge at the Group’s
         effective rate                            12,767          11.8      18,167            (10.7)       30,934           (50.9)




                                                                                                                               181
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

10.    INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)

       2018

                                                      Hong Kong              Mainland China              Total
                                                  RMB’000            %     RMB’000            %   RMB’000           %


       Loss before tax                             (85,508)                  (9,637)               (95,145)


       Tax at the statutory tax rate of
          Mainland China                           (21,377)       25.0       (2,409)     25.0      (23,786)      25.0
       Effect of different tax rates of
          subsidiaries operating in Hong Kong       6,706          (7.8)         —            —     6,706         (7.0)
       Lower tax rate enacted by local
          authority                                     —            —       (2,103)     21.8       (2,103)        2.2
       Income not subject to tax                    (6,322)         7.4          —         —        (6,322)        6.6
       Expenses not deductible for tax             19,854         (23.2)     7,597       (78.8)    27,451        (28.9)
       Research and development super
          deduction                                     —            —       (1,207)     12.5       (1,207)        1.3
       Tax losses utilised from previous
          periods                                       —            —       (1,322)     13.7       (1,322)        1.4
       Tax losses and deductible temporary
          differences not recognised                3,524          (4.1)    10,012      (103.9)    13,536        (14.2)
       (Profits)/losses attributable to joint
          ventures and associates                   (1,431)         1.7       (346)        3.6      (1,777)        1.9
       Withholding tax on the distributable
          interest income from banks in PRC         2,713          (3.2)         —            —     2,713         (2.9)


       Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate     3,667          (4.2)    10,222      (106.1)    13,889        (14.6)


11.    LOSS PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT

       The calculation of the basic loss per share amount is based on the loss for the year attributable to ordinary
       equity holders of the parent of RMB81,949,000 (2018: RMB106,974,000), and the weighted average number of
       ordinary shares of 11,054,967,978 (2018: 9,188,229,561) in issue during the year.

       No adjustment has been made to the basic loss per share amounts presented for the years ended March 31,
       2019 and 2018 in respect of a dilution as the impact of the share options and RSUs outstanding had no
       dilutive effect on the loss per share amounts presented.




182
                                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                      2019 Annual Report




                                                                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                          March 31, 2019

12.   PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                       Computer
                                                                     equipment,
                                                      Leasehold     furniture and
                                                   improvements          fixtures Motor vehicles                   Total
                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000            RMB’000             RMB’000


      March 31, 2019
      At March 31, 2018 and at April 1, 2018:
         Cost                                             9,478           60,599                 406             70,483
         Accumulated depreciation and impairment          (6,042)         (57,971)              (196)           (64,209)


         Net carrying amount                              3,436            2,628                 210               6,274


      At April 1, 2018, net of accumulated
         depreciation and impairment                      3,436            2,628                 210               6,274
      Additions                                           1,713            4,389                  —                6,102
      Business acquisition (note 30)                        368              159                   —                 527
      Disposals                                              —                 (1)               (32)                (33)
      Depreciation provided during the year
         (note 7)                                         (1,547)          (2,372)               (70)             (3,989)
      Exchange realignment                                    —                 5                 —                     5


      At March 31, 2019, net of accumulated
         depreciation and impairment                      3,970            4,808                 108               8,886


      At March 31, 2019:
         Cost                                            11,559           64,970                 307             76,836
         Accumulated depreciation and impairment          (7,589)         (60,162)              (199)           (67,950)


         Net carrying amount                              3,970            4,808                 108               8,886




                                                                                                                      183
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

12.    PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)

                                                                      Computer
                                                                     equipment,
                                                       Leasehold    furniture and
                                                    improvements         fixtures    Motor vehicles       Total
                                                       RMB’000         RMB’000           RMB’000       RMB’000


       March 31, 2018
       At March 31, 2017 and at April 1, 2017:
          Cost                                             6,912         31,743                406      39,061
          Accumulated depreciation and impairment         (2,750)        (31,158)               (88)    (33,996)


          Net carrying amount                              4,162             585               318       5,065


       At April 1, 2017, net of accumulated
          depreciation and impairment                      4,162             585               318       5,065
       Additions                                           2,566           3,165                —        5,731
       Disposals                                              —                (9)              —            (9)
       Depreciation provided during the year
          (note 7)                                        (3,292)         (1,108)             (108)      (4,508)
       Exchange realignment                                   —                (5)              —            (5)


       At March 31, 2018, net of accumulated
          depreciation and impairment                      3,436           2,628               210       6,274


       At March 31, 2018:
          Cost                                             9,478         60,599                406      70,483
          Accumulated depreciation and impairment         (6,042)        (57,971)             (196)     (64,209)


          Net carrying amount                              3,436           2,628               210       6,274




184
                                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                     2019 Annual Report




                                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                         March 31, 2019

13.   GOODWILL

                                                                                                               RMB’000


      Cost and net carrying amount at April 1, 2017, March 31, 2018 and April 1, 2018                             19,123
      Acquisition of retail business (note 30(A))                                                                   7,883


      Cost and net carrying amount at March 31, 2019                                                              27,006


      Impairment testing of goodwill

      Goodwill acquired through business combinations is allocated to the following CGUs for impairment testing:

      •     B2C and related business in PRC CGU; and

      •     B2B business in PRC CGU.

      B2C and related business in PRC CGU

      The recoverable amount of the B2C and related business in PRC CGU has been determined based on a value
      in use calculation using cash flow projections based on financial budgets covering a five-year period. The
      discount rate applied to the cash flow projections is 15.4%. The growth rate used to extrapolate the cash
      flows beyond the five-year period is 3%, which approximates the long term average growth rate of the
      healthcare products retailing industry in PRC.

      B2B business in PRC CGU

      The recoverable amount of the B2B business in PRC CGU was determined based on a value in use
      calculation using cash flow projections based on financial budgets covering a five-year period. The discount
      rate applied to the cash flow projections is 20% and cash flows beyond the five-year period were extrapolated
      using a growth rate of 3%, which approximates the long term average growth rate of the healthcare products
      centralised procurement and distribution industry.




                                                                                                                     185
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

13.    GOODWILL (CONTINUED)

       The carrying amount of goodwill allocated to each of the CGUs is as follows:

                                                  B2C and related            B2B business
                                                business in PRC CGU          in PRC CGU                    Total
                                                    2019         2018        2019         2018         2019         2018
                                                RMB’000     RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000


       Carrying amount of goodwill                21,490       13,607       5,516        5,516        27,006       19,123


       Assumptions were used in the value in use calculation of the B2C and related business in PRC CGU and B2B
       business in PRC CGU. The following describes each key assumption on which management has based its cash
       flow projections to undertake impairment testing of goodwill:

      Discount rates — The discount rates used are before tax and reflect specific risks relating to the relevant units.

      Growth rates — The growth rates used to extrapolate the cash flows beyond the five-year period are based on
       the estimated growth rate of each unit taking into account the industry growth rate, past experience and the
       medium or long term growth target of each CGU.

14.    INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES

                                                                                               2019                 2018
                                                                                          RMB’000              RMB’000


       Share of net assets                                                                   10,985                62,593




186
                                                                                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                                                 2019 Annual Report




                                                                                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                                     March 31, 2019

14.   INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES (CONTINUED)

      Particulars of the Group’s joint ventures are as follows:


                                                                       Place of                       Percentage of
                                                Particulars of         registration and Ownership          Voting       Profit
      Name                                      capital held           business                interest    power      sharing    Principal activities


      北京鴻聯九五信息產業有限公司                            Registered capital     PRC/Mainland                 49         49          49    Telecommunications/
          (Beijing Honglian 95 Information          of RMB1 each         China                                                     information value
          Industries Company Limited@)*                                                                                            added services
          (“HL95”) (note i)


      雲南久康一心信息技術服務有限                            Registered capital     PRC/Mainland                 40         40          40    Internet medical
          公司 (Yunnan Jiukang Yixin                  of RMB1 each         China                                                     comprehensive
          Information Technology Service                                                                                           service platform
          Company Limited@)*                                                                                                       business
          (“Jiukang Yixin”) (note ii)


      浙江扁鵲健康數據技術有限公司                            Registered capital     PRC/Mainland                 45         45          45    Health related data
          (Zhejiang Bian Que Health Data            of RMB1 each         China                                                     services
          Technology Company Limited )*   @


          (“Zhejiang Bian Que “) (note iii)

      @          For identification purposes only


      *          The statutory financial statements were not audited by Ernst & Young, Hong Kong or another member firm of the Ernst & Young global
                 network


      Note i:       On August 3, 2018, Alibaba Health (Hong Kong), a subsidiary of the Company, entered into the Equity Transfer Agreements with
                    CITIC Guoan Information Industry Co., Ltd.* (中信國安信息產業股份有限公司) (“CITIC Guo An”) and Hongxin Chuangxin (Tianjin)
                    Information Technology Partnership Enterprise (Limited Partnership)* (鴻信創新（天津）信息技術合夥企業（有限合夥）) (“Hong Xin”),
                    pursuant to which 24% and 25% equity interests of HL95 held by Alibaba Health (Hong Kong) would be transferred to the other
                    two counterparties, respectively, for a total cash consideration of approximately RMB65,988,000. The transaction was completed on
                    November 12, 2018. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated August 3, 2018.


      Note ii:      In February 2019, Jiukang Yixin became a subsidiary of the Group after the acquisition of additional 40% equity interests of Jiukang
                    Yixin. Please refer to note 30(A) for details of the acquisition transaction.




                                                                                                                                                    187
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

14.    INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES (CONTINUED)

      Note iii :   On March 30, 2018, Hongyun Jiukang, a subsidiary of the Group, established a limited liability company, Zhejiang Bian Que. As at
                   the date of establishment, the registered capital of Zhejiang Bian Que was fully subscribed for by Hongyun Jiukang, and Zhe jiang
                   Bian Que became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hongyun Jiukang. As of March 31, 2019, Hongyun Jiukang contributed
                   RMB13,500,000 to Zhejiang Bian Que.


                   On June 1, 2018, Hongyun Jiukang, Shanghai Yunxin Venture Capital Co., Ltd.* (上海雲鑫創業投資有限公司) (“Shanghai Yunxin”),
                   Hangzhou Yunting Data Technology Company Limited* (杭州雲庭數據科技有限公司) (“Hangzhou Yunting”) and Zhejiang Bian Que
                   entered into a capital increase agreement, pursuant to which Shanghai Yunxin and Hangzhou Yunting agreed to make respective
                   capital contributions of RMB40,000,000 and RMB15,000,000 in cash to the registered capital of Zhejiang Bian Que.


                   Consequently, the registered share capital of Zhejiang Bian Que was increased from RMB45,000,000 to RMB100,000,000, which
                   was held as to 45% by Hongyun Jiukang, 40% by Shanghai Yunxin and 15% by Hangzhou yunting, respectively.


                   Zhejiang Bian Que and Jiukang Yixin have a financial year ending December 31, and the financial statements of the joint ventures
                   may not be available in timely manner for the Group to apply the equity method, the Group therefore elects to record its shares of
                   the profits or losses of Zhejiang Bian Que and Jiukang Yixin on a quarter lag basis.


       The above joint ventures are indirectly held by the Company.

       The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s joint ventures that are not
       individually material:

                                                                                                                      2019                    2018
                                                                                                               RMB’000                   RMB’000


       Share of the joint ventures’ loss/(gain) and total comprehensive
          loss/(gain) for the year                                                                                     737                   (7,949)
       Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investment in the joint venture                                    10,985                   62,593




188
                                                                                                   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report




                                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                               March 31, 2019

15.   INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES

                                                                                                                  2019                       2018
                                                                                                            RMB’000                  RMB’000


      Share of net assets                                                                                       780,530                  426,215
      Goodwill on acquisition                                                                               1,184,324                    524,758


      Total                                                                                                 1,964,854                    950,973


      Particulars of the Group’s associates are as follows:

                                                                                              Percentage of
                                                                                                  ownership
                                                                         Place of                    interest
                                                    Particulars of       registration and     attributable to
      Name                                          capital held         business                 the Group Principal activities


      東方口岸科技有限公司(Dongfang                           Registered capital   PRC/Mainland China               30 Operation of platforms for
         Customs Technology Company                    of RMB1 each                                               electronic customs processing
         Limited )* (“Dongfang Customs”)
                @




      萬里雲醫療信息科技(北京)有限公司                             Registered capital   PRC/Mainland China               25 Construction of medical platforms
         (Wanliyun Medical Information                 of RMB1 each                                               and provision of related
         Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd )*@ #
                                                                                                                  services
         (“Wanliyun”)


      A Company in respective of medical            Registered capital   PRC/Mainland China               10 Provision of medical self-service
         business * (“Company A”)
                    @ ^#
                                                       of RMB1 each                                               equipment and smart
                                                                                                                  healthcare solutions


      嘉和美康(北京)科技股份有限公司                              Registered capital   PRC/Mainland China               15 Provision of clinical information
         (Jiahe Meikang (Beijing) Technology           of RMB1 each                                               software products, infant
         Co., Ltd@)*^# (“Jiahe Meikang”) (note i)                                                                 medical equipment and mobile
                                                                                                                  internet digitalised medical
                                                                                                                  information software system


      北京嘉美在線科技有限公司                                  Registered capital   PRC/Mainland China               45 Provision of clinical information
         (Beijing Jiamei Online Technology Co.,        of RMB1 each                                               software products, infant
         Ltd.@)* # (“Jiamei Online”) (note ii)                                                                    medical equipment and mobile
                                                                                                                  internet digitalised medical
                                                                                                                  information software system




                                                                                                                                             189
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

15.    INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                  Percentage of
                                                                                                      ownership
                                                                        Place of                         interest
                                                   Particulars of       registration and          attributable to
       Name                                        capital held         business                      the Group Principal activities


       江蘇曼荼羅軟件股份有限公司                               Registered capital   PRC/Mainland China                     12 Provision of software development
           (Jiangsu Mandalat Software Company         of RMB1 each
           Limited@)*^# (“Mandalat”) (note iii)


       安徽華人健康醫藥股份有限公司                              Registered capital   PRC/Mainland China                  9.347 Pharmaceutical retail chain
           (Anhui Huaren Health Pharmaceutical        of RMB1 each                                                      business
           Co., Ltd.@)*^#
           (“Anhui Huaren”) (note iv)


       貴州一樹連鎖藥業有限公司                                Registered capital   PRC/Mainland China                     25 Pharmaceutical retail chain
           (Guizhou Ensure Chain Pharmacy             of RMB1 each                                                      business
           Company Limited@)*    #


           (“Guizhou Ensure”) (note v)


       甘肅德生堂醫藥科技集團有限公司                             Registered capital   PRC/Mainland China                   5.26 Pharmaceutical retail chain
           (Gansu Deshengtang Pharmaceutical          of RMB1 each                                                      business
           Technology Co., Ltd@)*^#
           (“Gansu Deshengtang”) (note vi)

       @       For identification purposes only


       *       The statutory financial statements of the above associates were not audited by Ernst & Young, Hong Kong or another member firm of
               the Ernst & Young global network.


       ^       The investments in these companies are accounted for as associates of the Group because the Group is in a position to exercise
               significant influence. The Group has at least one director at the board of directors and/or has veto rights regarding certain significant
               financial and operating decisions in board meetings and/or shareholders’ meetings of these associates.


       #       The associates have a financial year ending December 31, and the financial statements of these associates may not be available in timely
               manner for the Group to apply the equity method, the Group therefore elects to record its shares of the profits or losses of these
               associates on a quarter lag basis. Accordingly, the Group equity pick up these associates using their annual financial statements for the
               year ended December 31, 2018 for the current year (2017: year ended December 31, 2017).


       The above investments are indirectly held by the Company.




190
                                                                                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                                             2019 Annual Report




                                                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                                  March 31, 2019

15.   INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)

      Note i :     On March 19, 2017, Hongyun Jiukang, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Group, entered into a capital injection agreement with Jiahe
                   Meikang, a company established in the PRC with limited liability, and shareholders of Jiahe Meikang (“Original Shareholders I”),
                   pursuant to which Hongyun Jiukang shall inject RMB291,176,000 in cash to Jiahe Meikang, of which approximately
                   RMB15,046,000 would be contributed to Jiahe Meikang’s registered capital, and the remaining amount would be contributed to its
                   capital reserve. Upon completion of the transaction on May 19, 2017, Jiahe Meikang was held as to 85% by Original Shareholders
                   I and 15% by Hongyun Jiukang, respectively.


                   The cash consideration was RMB291,176,000, with RMB145,588,000 paid on May 23, 2017 and the remaining RMB145,588,000
                   paid on December 28, 2017.


      Note ii :    On May 19, 2017, Hongyun Jiukang entered into a capital injection agreement with Jiahe Meikang and Jiamei Online, which were
                   established in the PRC with limited liability, pursuant to which Hongyun Jiukang shall inject RMB40,000,000 in cash to Jiahe
                   Meikang, of which approximately RMB36,655,000 would be contributed to Jiamei Online’s registered capital, and the remaining
                   amount would be contributed to its capital reserve. Upon completion of the transaction on July 19, 2017, Jiamei Online was held
                   as to 55% by Jiahe Meikang and 45% by Hongyun Jiukang, respectively.


                   A cash consideration of RMB40,000,000 was fully paid by Hongyun Jiukang on June 21, 2017.


      Note iii :   On October 27, 2017, Alibaba Health Hebei information technology Co., Ltd.^ (“阿里健康河北信息技術有限公司”) (“Alibaba Health
                   Hebei”), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Group, entered into a subscription agreement with Mandalat, a company established in
                   the PRC, pursuant to which Alibaba Health Hebei subscribed an aggregate of 4,000,000 shares at the subscription price of
                   RMB16.09 each, following RMB64,348,000 in cash.


                   At the same day, Alibaba Health Hebei entered into a share transfer agreement with four original shareholders in relation to the
                   purchase of an aggregate of 2,000,000 shares at the subscription price of RMB13.04 each, following RMB26,087,000 in cash.


                   Upon completion of the transactions on January 24, 2018, Mandalat was held as to 88% by the original shareholders and 12% by
                   Alibaba Health Hebei, respectively.


                   The cash consideration was RMB90,435,000, with RMB26,087,000 paid on November 17, 2017 and RMB64,348,000 paid on
                   January 12, 2018.


      Note iv :    On May 17, 2018, Alibaba Health (China), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Group, entered into a capital injection agreement and a
                   shareholders agreement with Anhui Huaren, a company established in the PRC with limited liability, and shareholders of Anhui
                   Huaren (“Original Shareholders II”), pursuant to which Alibaba Health (China) shall inject RMB133,333,000 in cash to Anhui Huaren,
                   of which RMB11,111,000 would be contributed to the Anhui Huaren’s registered capital, and RMB122,222,000 would be
                   contributed to its capital reserve.


                   Upon completion of the acquisition on May 31, 2018, Anhui Huaren was held as to 90% by the Original Shareholders II and 10%
                   by Alibaba Health (China).


                   The cash consideration of RMB133,333,000 was fully paid during the year ended March 31, 2019.




                                                                                                                                              191
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

15.    INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)

      Note v :    On August 17, 2018, Alibaba Health (China) entered into a capital injection agreement with Guizhou Ensure, a company established
                  in the PRC with limited liability, pursuant to which Alibaba Health (China) shall inject approximately RMB404,322,000 in cash to
                  Guizhou Ensure, of which approximately RMB2,528,000 would be contributed to Guizhou Ensure’s registered capital, and
                  approximately RMB401,794,000 would be contributed to its capital reserve.


                  At the same day, Alibaba Health (China) entered into a share purchase agreement with certain original shareholders of Guizhou
                  Ensure to purchase certain equity interests of Guizhou Ensure from these shareholders, for a total cash consideration of
                  approximately RMB421,758,000.


                  Upon completion of the transactions on September 29, 2018, Guizhou Ensure was held as to 75% by the original shareholders
                  and 25% by Alibaba Health (China).


                  The cash consideration was RMB826,080,000, with RMB765,076,000 paid during the year ended March 31, 2019 and the
                  remaining RMB61,004,000 included in other payables and accruals as at March 31, 2019.


      Note vi :   On December 24, 2018, Alibaba Health (China) entered into a capital injection agreement with Gansu Deshengtang, a company
                  established in the PRC with limited liability, pursuant to which Alibaba Health (China) shall inject RMB188,888,000 in cash to Gansu
                  Deshengtang, of which approximately RMB12,346,000 would be contributed to Gansu Deshengtang’s registered capital.


                  A cash consideration of RMB94,444,000 was paid on January 28, 2019. As at March 31, 2019, Gansu Deshengtang was held as
                  to 94.74% by the original shareholders and 5.26% by Alibaba Health (China).


                  The remaining consideration of RMB94,444,000 would be payable by Alibaba Health (China) within five business days following the
                  completion date of the second subscription of equity increase of Gansu Deshengtang.


                  Upon completion of the transactions, Gansu Deshengtang shall be held as to 90% by the original shareholders and 10% by Alibaba
                  Health (China).




192
                                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                      2019 Annual Report




                                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                          March 31, 2019

15.   INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)

      The following table illustrates the summarised financial information in respect of Guizhou Ensure adjusted for
      any differences in accounting policies and reconciled to the carrying amount in the latest annual consolidated
      financial statements for the period from September 29, 2018 to December 31, 2018:

                                                                                                                     2018
                                                                                                                RMB’000


      Cash and cash equivalents                                                                                   420,143
      Other current assets                                                                                     1,020,982
      Current assets                                                                                           1,441,125
      Non-current assets                                                                                          837,429
      Current liabilities                                                                                      (1,076,006)
      Non-current liabilities                                                                                    (183,230)
      Net assets                                                                                               1,019,318


      Non-controlling interest                                                                                    (23,538)
      Net assets attributable to shareholders of Guizhou Ensure                                                   995,780


      Reconciliation to the Group’s investment in the associate:
      Proportion of the Group’s ownership                                                                             25%
      Group’s share of net assets of the associate                                                                248,945
      Goodwill on acquisition                                                                                     517,848


      Carrying amount of the investment                                                                           766,793


                                                                                                    For the period from
                                                                                                  September 29, 2018
                                                                                                to December 31, 2018
                                                                                                                RMB’000


      Revenue                                                                                                     669,014
      Depreciation and amortisation                                                                               (10,682)
      Interest income                                                                                                1,628
      Tax                                                                                                         (15,457)
      Loss and total comprehensive loss for the year                                                               72,624
      Dividend received                                                                                                —




                                                                                                                      193
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

15.    INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)

       The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s associates that are not
       individually material:

                                                                                              2019                2018
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000


       Share of the associates’ profit and
          total comprehensive income for the year                                           17,249                 998
       Share of the associates’ capital reserve                                              3,946               3,563


                                                                                            21,195               4,561


       Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in the associates            1,198,061            950,973


16.    INVENTORIES

                                                                                              2019                2018
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000


       Trading stock                                                                       595,793            442,231


17.    TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES

                                                                                              2019                2018
                                                                                         RMB’000             RMB’000


       Trade receivables                                                                   213,467              79,556
       Bills receivables                                                                   179,775              38,387


                                                                                           393,242            117,943
       Impairment                                                                          (27,796)            (26,570)


                                                                                           365,446              91,373


       The Group’s trading terms with some of its customers are on credit. The Group provides a credit period of 30
       days to 90 days. Trade receivables are settled in accordance with the terms of the respective contracts. The
       Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly
       by senior management. The Group does not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade
       receivable balances. Trade receivables are non-interest-bearing.




194
                                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                      2019 Annual Report




                                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                          March 31, 2019

17.   TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

      Included in the Group’s trade and bills receivables are amounts due from subsidiaries of Alibaba Group of
      approximately RMB10,735,000 (2018: RMB28,954,000) and the Group’s associates of approximately
      RMB25,331,000 (2018: RMB0), which are repayable on credit terms similar to those offered to major
      customers of the Group.

      An ageing analysis of the trade receivables net of impairment as at the end of the reporting period, based on
      the invoice date and net of provisions, is as follows:

                                                                                              2019                   2018
                                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000


      Within 3 months                                                                      179,668                 48,144
      3 to 12 months                                                                         5,867                   4,842
      12 to 24 months                                                                          136                      —


                                                                                           185,671                 52,986


      The movements in the provision for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                              2019                   2018
                                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000


      At April 1                                                                            26,570                 25,403
      Effect of adoption of HKFRS 9                                                             —                      —


      At April 1                                                                            26,570                 25,403
      Impairment losses recognised (note 7)                                                  1,226                   1,167


      At March 31                                                                           27,796                 26,570


      Impairment under HKFRS 9 for the year ended March 31, 2019

      An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure expected
      credit losses. The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments with
      similar loss patterns (i.e., by customer type and rating). The calculation reflects the probability-weighted
      outcome, the time value of money and reasonable and supportable information that is available at the reporting
      date about past events, current conditions and forecasts of future economic conditions.




                                                                                                                      195
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

17.    TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

       Impairment under HKFRS 9 for the year ended March 31, 2019 (continued)

       Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables using a
       provision matrix:

       As at March 31, 2019

                                                                                Ageing
                                                Less than        7 to 12      13 to 24       Over 24
                                                6 months        months         months         months           Total


       Expected credit loss rate                   0.39%         17.89%          89.6%          100%          13.0%
       Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)            183,949          2,812          1,303        25,403       213,467
       Expected credit losses (RMB’000)                 723          503          1,167        25,403         27,796

       Bills receivables, debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, are subject to impairment
       using the low credit risk simplification under the general approach. At each reporting date, the Group evaluates
       whether the bills receivables are considered to have low credit risk using all reasonable and supportable
       information that is available without undue cost or effort. In making that evaluation, the Group reassesses the
       credit ratings of the debt investments. The Group did not recognise any impairment loss on bills receivables as
       at March 31, 2019.

       Impairment under HKAS 39 for the year ended March 31, 2018

       Included in the above provision for impairment of trade receivables, which was measured based on incurred
       credit losses under HKAS 39, as at March 31, 2018, was a provision for individually impaired trade receivables
       of approximately RMB26,570,000 with a carrying amount before provision of approximately RMB26,570,000.
       The individually impaired trade receivables relate to customers that were in default and the full amount of the
       receivables is not expected to be recoverable.

       The ageing analysis of the trade and bills receivables as at March 31, 2018 that were not individually nor
       collectively considered to be impaired under HKAS 39 is as follows:

                                                                                                                2018
                                                                                                             RMB’000


       Neither past due nor impaired                                                                            87,031
       Past due but not impaired                                                                                 4,342


                                                                                                                91,373


       Receivables that were neither past due nor impaired related to a large number of diversified customers for
       whom there was no recent history of default.



196
                                                                                   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report




                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                              March 31, 2019

17.   TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

      Impairment under HKAS 39 for the year ended March 31, 2018 (continued)

      Receivables that were past due but not impaired related to a number of independent customers that had a
      good track record with the Group. Based on past experience, the directors of the Company were of the
      opinion that no provision for impairment under HKAS 39 was necessary in respect of these balances as there
      had not been a significant change in credit quality and the balances were still considered fully recoverable.

      Transferred financial assets that are not derecognised in their entirety

      At March 31, 2019, the Group endorsed certain bills receivable accepted by banks in Mainland China (the
      “Endorsed Bills”) with a carrying amount of approximately RMB48,845,000, to certain of its suppliers in order to
      settle the trade payables due to such suppliers (the “Endorsement”). In the opinion of the directors, the Group
      had retained the substantial risks and rewards, which included default risks relating to such Endorsed Bills, and
      accordingly, it continued to recognise the full carrying amounts of the Endorsed Bills and the associated trade
      payables settled. Subsequent to the Endorsement, the Group did not retain any rights on the use of the
      Endorsed Bills, including the sale, transfer or pledge of the Endorsed Bills to any other third parties. The
      aggregate carrying amount of the trade payables settled by the Endorsed Bills during the year to which the
      suppliers have recourse was RMB48,845,000, equivalent as at March 31, 2019. The Group did not have any
      Endorsed Bills as at March 31, 2018.

      Transferred financial assets that are derecognised in their entirety

      At March 31, 2019, the Group endorsed certain bills receivable accepted by banks in Mainland China (the
      “Derecognised Bills”) to certain of its suppliers in order to settle the trade payables due to such suppliers with
      a carrying amount in aggregate of approximately RMB86,135,000. The Derecognised Bills had a maturity of one
      to eight months at the end of the reporting period. In accordance with the Law of Negotiable Instruments in
      the PRC, the holders of the Derecognised Bills have a right of recourse against the Group if the PRC banks
      default (the “Continuing Involvement”). In the opinion of the directors, the Group has transferred substantially all
      risks and rewards relating to the Derecognised Bills. Accordingly, it has derecognised the full carrying amounts
      of the Derecognised Bills and the associated trade payables. The maximum exposure to loss from the Group’s
      Continuing Involvement in the Derecognised Bills and the undiscounted cash flows to repurchase these
      Derecognised Bills is equal to their carrying amounts. In the opinion of the directors, the fair values of the
      Group’s Continuing Involvement in the Derecognised Bills are not significant.

      During the year ended March 31, 2019, the Group has not recognised any gain or loss on the date of transfer
      of the Derecognised Bills. No gains or losses were recognised from the Continuing Involvement, both during
      the year or cumulatively. The endorsement has been made evenly throughout the year.




                                                                                                                          197
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

18.    PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS

                                                                                               2019               2018
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000


       Current:
       Prepayments                                                                          150,000              26,443
       Other receivables and other assets                                                   175,208              55,144


                                                                                            325,208              81,587
       Impairment                                                                            (1,856)             (2,663)


                                                                                            323,352              78,924


       Non-current:
       Long-term receivables (note i)                                                        39,372              55,921


                                                                                            362,724            134,845


       Note i: Long-term receivables as at March 31, 2019 mainly consist of non-current portion of a loan to a
       shareholder of HL95. The loan is secured by a pledge of 25% of HL95’s equity and bore interest at a rate of
       3% per annum. The loan was due in August 2019, 2020 and 2021. For this loan, an interest income of
       RMB873,000 was earned by the Group during the year ended March 31, 2019 (2018: nil).

       Long-term receivables as at March 31, 2018 represents a loan to HL95, a former joint venture of the Group,
       and respective interest in receivables. The principal and interest receivable was fully repaid by HL95 during the
       year ended March 31, 2019. An interest income of RMB610,000 was earned by the Group during the year
       ended March 31, 2019 (2018: RMB1,617,000).

       The movements in provision for impairment of other receivables during the year are as follows:

                                                                                               2019               2018
                                                                                          RMB’000             RMB’000


       At April 1                                                                             2,663               2,663
       Impairment losses reversed (note 7)                                                     (807)                 —


       At March 31                                                                            1,856               2,663


       The individually impaired other receivables of RMB1,856,000 (2018: RMB2,663,000) relate to debtors that were
       in default and the outstanding receivables are not expected to be recovered.




198
                                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                     2019 Annual Report




                                                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                         March 31, 2019

19.   CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH

                                                                                             2019                   2018
                                                                                       RMB’000                 RMB’000


      Cash and bank balances                                                             162,626                 246,838
      Restricted cash                                                                       1,719                   2,268
      Time deposits with original maturity of three months or
         less when acquired and cash equivalent placed at payment platform               117,745                 261,581
      Time deposits with original maturity of over three
         months when acquired                                                                   —                888,778


      Total                                                                              282,090              1,399,465


      Less: Restricted cash                                                                (1,719)                 (2,268)


      Cash and cash equivalents                                                          280,371              1,397,197


      At the end of the reporting period, the cash and cash equivalents of the Group denominated in RMB placed in
      the PRC amounted to approximately RMB177,782,000 (2018: RMB498,848,000). The RMB is not freely
      convertible into other currencies, however, under Mainland China’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations and
      Administration of Settlement, Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the Group is permitted to
      exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorised to conduct foreign exchange business.

      Cash at banks earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Time deposits are made for
      varying periods of between one month and two years depending on the immediate cash requirements of the
      Group, and earn interest at the respective term deposit rates. The bank balances are deposited with
      creditworthy banks with no recent history of default. The cash equivalents placed in payment platform,
      including those in restricted cash, amounting to RMB72,403,000 (2018: RMB44,340,000) represents cash and
      restricted cash placed in Alipay.com Co., Ltd.^ (支付寶（中國）網絡技術有限公司) (“Alipay”), a subsidiary of Ant
      Small and Micro Financial Services Group Co., Ltd.^ (浙江螞蟻小微金融服務集團股份有限公司) (“Ant Financial”),
      which earns interest at floating rates.




                                                                                                                     199
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

20.    FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                                                           2019                       2018
                                                                                                                     RMB’000                    RMB’000


       Financial asset at fair value through profit or loss
          Non-current:
          Put option (note i)                                                                                             1,280                           —
          Call option (note ii)                                                                                          40,587                           —
          Put option (note iii)                                                                                           7,961                           —
          Unlisted equity investment (note iv)                                                                         457,759                            —


                                                                                                                       507,587                            —


          Current:
          Put option                                                                                                           —                     4,100
          Other unlisted investments (note v)                                                                        1,736,713                          —


                                                                                                                     1,736,713                       4,100


      Note i:   In connection with the capital injection in a company in respective of medical business, an associate of the Group in note 15, Alibaba
                Health (China), a subsidiary of the Company and a shareholder of the associate, is entitled to withdraw a portion of its investment
                cost of RMB133,333,300 (representing a 10% ownership interest) in the associate at a minimum return of 10% interest per annum if
                the associate failed to achieve certain pre-determined operating targets in each of the three years ending December 31, 2019.


                Upon initial recognition, the Group’s put option was classified as financial asset measured at fair value through profit or loss.


                The fair value of put option was estimated as at the date of grant and each financial reporting period end, using a binomial model,
                taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the options were granted. The following table lists the inputs to the model
                used:


                                                                                                                March 31, 2019                May 31, 2018


                Expected volatility (%)                                                                                        45                         32
                Expected dividend (%)                                                                                        0.00                       0.00
                Exercise probability (%)                                                                                         1                         2
                Withdrawal ownership (%)                                                                                      100                        100
                Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                                                 2.438                      3.302


                The expected volatility reflects the assumption that the historical volatility is indicative of future trends, which may also not necessarily
                be the actual outcome.




200
                                                                                                            ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                                                   2019 Annual Report




                                                                                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                                           March 31, 2019

20.   FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS (CONTINUED)

      Note ii:    In connection with the capital injection in Guizhou Ensure, an associate of the Group in note 15, Alibaba Health (China), a subsidiary
                  of the Company and a shareholder of the associate, is entitled to acquire additional 26% equity interest of Guizhou Ensure with
                  consideration no more than the post-money valuation of current-round financing if the business targets which are stated in the share
                  purchase agreement are not completed.


                  Upon initial recognition, the Group’s call option was classified as financial asset measured at fair value through profit or loss.


                  The fair value of call option was estimated as at the date of grant and each financial reporting period end, using a binomial model,
                  taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the options were granted. The following table lists the inputs to the model
                  used:


                                                                                                                  March 31, 2019         September 28, 2018


                  Expected volatility (%)                                                                                        46                           33
                  Expected dividend (%)                                                                                        0.00                       0.00
                  Exercise probability (%)                                                                                       25                           30
                  Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                                                 2.438                      3.140


                  The expected volatility reflects the assumption that the historical volatility is indicative of future trends, which may also not necessarily
                  be the actual outcome.


      Note iii:   In connection with the capital injection in a company in respective of medical business, an associate of the Group, as further explained
                  in note 15 to the financial statements, Alibaba Health (China), a subsidiary of the Company and a shareholder of the associate, is
                  entitled to withdraw a portion of its investment cost of RMB94,444,000 (representing a 5.2633% ownership interest) in the associate
                  at a minimum return of 10% interest per annum if the associate failed to achieve certain pre-determined operating targets in each of
                  the three years ending December 31, 2020.


                  Upon initial recognition, the Group’s put option was classified as financial asset measured at fair value through profit or loss.


                  The fair value of put option was estimated as at the date of grant and each financial reporting period end, using a binomial model,
                  taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the options were granted. The following table lists the inputs to the model
                  used:


                                                                                                                                        January 31, 2019
                                                                                                                                      and March 31, 2019


                  Expected volatility (%)                                                                                                                50
                  Expected dividend (%)                                                                                                                0.00
                  Exercise probability (%)                                                                                                               30
                  Withdrawal ownership (%)                                                                                                              100
                  Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                                                                         2.792


                  The expected volatility reflects the assumption that the historical volatility is indicative of future trends, which may also not necessarily
                  be the actual outcome.




                                                                                                                                                        201
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

20.    FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS (CONTINUED)

      Note iv:   Unlisted equity interest represents the 9.34% equity interest in ShuYu Civilian Pharmacy Corp. Ltd.^ (漱玉平民大藥房連鎖股份有限公
                 司) (“ShuYu Civilian”), a joint stock company established in the PRC with limited liability in pharmaceutical retail chain business. On
                 June 25, 2018, Alibaba Health (China) entered into the capital increase agreement with the ShuYu Civilian at a total consideration of
                 RMB454,400,000, upon completion of which the Group shall held as to 9.34% equity interest of ShuYu Civilian. The Group does not
                 have board seat or veto rights in the board meeting or shareholders’ meeting, the Group does not have significant influence in the
                 investee. The above equity investment was classified as financial asset at FVPL as the Group has not elected to recognise the fair
                 value gain or loss through other comprehensive income.


      Note v:    The above other unlisted investments at March 31, 2019 were wealth management products issued by banks in the PRC. They were
                 mandatory classified as financial assets at FVPL as their contractual cash flows are not solely payments of principal and interest.


21.    EQUITY INVESTMENT DESIGNATED AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                                                                       2019                     2018
                                                                                                                 RMB’000                   RMB’000


       Equity investment designated at FVOCI
       Unlisted equity investment, at fair value:
       IK Healthcare Holdings Limited (“IK Healthcare”)                                                            119,801                             —


       The above equity investment was irrevocably designated at FVOCI as the Group considers this investment to
       be strategic in nature.

       On March 18, 2019, Ali JK Medical Products Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into
       a subscription agreement with IK Healthcare Holdings Limited (the “Target Company”), pursuant to which the Ali
       JK Medical Products Limited shall subscribe for 433,082 new shares, representing no less than 1% equity
       interest in the Target Company, in the IK Healthcare for a total subscription price of US$17,842,978.40
       (approximately to RMB119,801,000). The Target Company became a parent of iKang Healthcare Group, Inc.,
       through a merger transaction on January 18, 2019, which is a provider of healthcare preventive service
       through self-owned medical centers and third-party facilities. The transaction was completed on March 29,
       2019 and total consideration of US$17,842,978.40 was fully paid thereof. This also constitutes a connected
       transaction. For details of the transaction, please refer to announcement of the Company dated March 18,
       2019.




202
                                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                      2019 Annual Report




                                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                          March 31, 2019

22.   TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES

      An ageing analysis of the trade and bills payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the invoice
      date or issue date, is as follows:

                                                                                              2019                   2018
                                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000


      Within 3 months                                                                     715,779                 274,628
      3 to 12 months                                                                      186,182                  45,438
      Over 12 months                                                                           690                   3,244


                                                                                          902,651                 323,310


      The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on terms of 30 days to 90 days.

      Included in the Group’s trade payables are amounts due to subsidiaries of Alibaba Group of approximately
      RMB405,955,000 (2018: RMB55,928,000), which are repayable on credit terms similar to those offered by the
      related companies to their major customers.

23.   OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

                                                                                              2019                   2018
                                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000


      Other payables                                                                      407,124                  97,540
      Accruals                                                                              56,518                 40,089


                                                                                          463,642                 137,629


      Other payables are non-interest-bearing and have an average term of three months.




                                                                                                                      203
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

24.    DEFERRED REVENUE

                                                                                                             2019                   2018
                                                                                                       RMB’000                  RMB’000


       Deferred revenue from the product tracking platform service,
          current portion                                                                                       —                    716


25.    INTEREST-BEARING BORROWINGS

                                                                                 Effective
                                                                                  interest      Maturity
                                                                                   rate (%)                                     RMB’000


       Current
       Other loans-unsecured                                                    2.84–4.39       On demand                      1,700,000

      Note:   Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd.^ (浙江天猫技術有限公司) provided loans amounting to RMB2,000,000,000 to the Group during the
              year, of which RMB1,700,000,000 was unpaid as at March 31, 2019. Interest expense of approximately RMB27,196,000 was accrued
              and an amount of RMB17,342,000 was unpaid and recorded in other payables and accruals as at March 31,2019.


26.    DEFERRED TAX

       Deferred tax liabilities

                                                                                                                             Withholding
                                                                                                                                taxes on
                                                                                                      Fair value            distributable
                                                                                                 adjustment of             profits of the
                                                                                                           equity          Group’s PRC
                                                                                                   investments             joint ventures
                                                                                                         at FVPL      and associates
                                                                                                        RMB’000                 RMB’000


       At April 1, 2017                                                                                         —                  6,566
       Deferred tax charged to the statement of profit or loss (note 10)                                        —                  1,116


       Gross deferred tax liabilities at March 31, 2018 and April 1, 2018                                       —                  7,682
       Deferred tax charged to the statement of profit or loss (note 10)                                      840                  3,155


       Gross deferred tax liabilities at March 31, 2019                                                       840                 10,837




204
                                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report




                                                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                            March 31, 2019

26.   DEFERRED TAX (CONTINUED)

      Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of the following items:

                                                                                                2019                   2018
                                                                                          RMB’000                 RMB’000


      Tax losses                                                                            250,446                 173,305
      Deductible temporary differences                                                        31,125                 29,233


                                                                                            281,571                 202,538


      The Group does not have tax losses arising in Hong Kong which can be used to offset against future taxable
      profits of the companies in which the losses arose. The Group also has tax losses arising in Mainland China of
      RMB250,466,000 (2018: RMB173,305,000) that will expire in one to five years for offsetting against future
      taxable profits. Deferred tax assets have not been recognised in respect of these losses and other deductible
      temporary differences as they have arisen in subsidiaries that have been loss-making for some time and it is
      not considered probable that taxable profits will be available against which the tax losses can be utilized.

      Pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, a 10% withholding tax is levied on dividends declared to
      foreign investors from the foreign investment enterprises established in Mainland China. The requirement is
      effective from January 1, 2008 and applies to earnings after March 31, 2007. A lower withholding tax rate may
      be applied if there is a tax treaty between Mainland China and the jurisdiction of the foreign investors. For the
      Group, the applicable rate is 10%. The Group is therefore liable to withholding taxes on dividends distributed
      by those subsidiaries, joint venture and associates established in Mainland China in respect of earnings
      generated from January 1, 2008.

      At March 31, 2019, there were unremitted earnings of the Group’s subsidiaries established in Mainland China
      of approximately RMB44,942,000. At March 31, 2018, there were no unremitted earnings of the Group’s
      subsidiaries established in Mainland China. At March 31, 2019, there were unremitted earnings shared by the
      Group of approximately RMB111,127,000 (2018: RMB67,249,000) and RMB0 (2018: RMB78,144,000) from the
      Group’s associates and joint venture established in Mainland China in respect of earnings generated from
      January 1, 2008, respectively. During the year ended March 31, 2019, HL95, a joint venture by the Group,
      was disposed of. See note 14 for details.

      There are no income tax consequences attaching to the payment of dividends by the Company to its
      shareholders.




                                                                                                                        205
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

27.    SHARE CAPITAL

       Shares

                                                                                                        2019                2018
                                                                                                     RMB’000            RMB’000


       Issued and fully paid:
          11,710,892,714 (2018: 9,842,737,787) ordinary shares
              of HK$0.01 each                                                                         102,898             86,617


       A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:

                                                      Number of
                                                  shares in issue   Share capital   Share premium Treasury shares            Total
                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000


       At March 31, 2017 and April 1, 2017          8,192,736,918         72,481         1,907,220               (91)    1,979,610
       Issue of new shares for acquisition
          under common control (note a)             1,187,500,000         10,300         3,821,342                —      3,831,642
       Issue of shares (note b)                      442,425,000           3,672         1,465,002                —      1,468,674
       Issue of shares for RSUs to be vested
          in subsequent periods (note c)              20,075,869             164                —               (164)           —
       Repurchase of shares (note d)                          —               —                 —          (13,129)        (13,129)
       Vested awarded shares transferred to
          employees (note e)                                   —               —           61,955           7,910          69,865


       At March 31, 2018                            9,842,737,787         86,617         7,255,519          (5,474)      7,336,662


       At March 31, 2018 and April 1, 2018          9,842,737,787         86,617         7,255,519          (5,474)      7,336,662
       Issue of shares for acquisition under
          common control (note a)                   1,827,586,207         15,932        12,554,598                —     12,570,530
       Issue of shares for RSUs to be vested in
          subsequent periods (note c)                 28,299,220             245                —               (245)           —
       Repurchase of shares (note d)                          —               —                 —         (37,846)         (37,846)
       Vested awarded shares transferred to
          employees (note e)                                   —               —           73,474          18,513          91,987
       Share options exercised (note f)               12,269,500             104           83,252              —           83,356


       At March 31, 2019                          11,710,892,714         102,898        19,966,843        (25,052)      20,044,689




206
                                                                                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                                            2019 Annual Report




                                                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                                 March 31, 2019

27.   SHARE CAPITAL (CONTINUED)

      Shares (continued)

      Notes:


      (a)      On August 2, 2018, 1,827,586,207 shares of HK$0.01 each were issued to a related company. Please refer to note 29 for further
               information. (On June 30, 2017, 1,187,500,000 shares of HK$0.01 each were issued to a related company. Please refer to note 29 for
               further information.)


      (b)      On January 5, 2018, 442,425,000 shares of HK$0.01 each were issued for cash to a related company at a subscription price of HK$4.00
               per share.


      (c)      On September 11, 2018, January 21, 2019 and March 28, 2019, 28,299,220 shares of HK$0.01 each were issued for restricted share
               units to be vested for non-connected persons. (On October 3, 2017, November 23, 2017 and March 21, 2018, 20,075,869 shares of
               HK$0.01 each were issued for restricted share units to be vested for non-connected persons.)


      (d)      In July 2018, August 2018, September 2018, October 2018 and December 2018, 6,366,900 shares of HK$0.01 each were repurchased
               for restricted share units to be vested for connected persons at a total cash consideration of RMB37,846,000. (In June 2017,
               September 2017, February 2018 and March 2018, 4,113,700 shares of HK$0.01 each were repurchased for restricted share units to
               be vested for connected persons at a total cash consideration of RMB13,129,000.)


      (e)      Upon vesting of restricted share units for the year ended March 31, 2019, 19,705,318 issued shares were transferred to non-connected
               persons and 3,473,300 repurchased shares were transferred to connected persons, respectively. (Upon vesting of restricted share units
               for the year ended March 31, 2018, 14,297,328 issued shares were transferred to non-connected persons and 2,425,300 repurchased
               shares were transferred to connected persons, respectively.)


      (f)      Certain employees exercised share options from May 2018 to March 2019. The total number of options exercised is 12,269,500.


28.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS

      Share award scheme

      On November 24, 2014 (the “Adoption Date”), the Group adopted a share award scheme for the purpose of
      providing incentives and rewards to eligible participants who contribute to the success of the Group’s
      operations. An award (“Award”) granted under the Share Award Scheme may either take the form of a RSU,
      being a contingent right to receive shares of the Company which are awarded under the Share Award
      Schemes or an option to subscribe for or acquire shares of the Company which are granted under the Share
      Award Scheme.

      Share options and RSUs granted to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the Company, or
      to any of their associates, are subject to approval in advance by the independent non-executive directors. All
      grants of share options and RSUs to connected persons shall be subject to compliance with the requirements
      of the Listing Rules, including the prior approval of the shareholders according to Chapter 14A of the Listing
      Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, any grant of share options to any connected person of the Company is fully
      exempted from the compliance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules pursuant to Rule 14A.92 of the Listing
      Rules. Any grant of RSUs to any connected person of the Company will constitute a connected transaction of
      the Company and shall therefore be subject to compliance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules (unless an
      exemption applies).



                                                                                                                                             207
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

28.    SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS (CONTINUED)

       Share award scheme (continued)

       In addition, any share options and RSUs granted to a substantial shareholder or an independent non-executive
       director of the Company, or to any of their associates, in excess of 0.1% of the shares of the Company in
       issue at any time or with an aggregate value (based on the price of the Company’s shares at the date of
       grant) in excess of HK$5 million, within any 12-month period, are subject to shareholders’ approval in advance
       in a general meeting.

       The exercise price of share options is determinable by the directors, but may not be less than the higher of (i)
       the Stock Exchange closing price of the Company’s shares on the date of offer of the share options; (ii) the
       average Stock Exchange closing price of the Company’s shares for the five trading days immediately preceding
       the date of offer and (iii) the nominal value of the shares.

       The total number of shares in respect of which Awards may be granted under the Share Award Scheme and
       any other share award schemes of the Company shall not exceed 3% of the shares in issue as at the
       Adoption Date (the “Scheme Mandate Limit”), or 3% of the shares in issue as at the new approval date of the
       renewed Scheme Mandate Limit. There is no other restrictions specified under Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules
       on the maximum number of shares to be granted to each eligible participants under the Share Award Scheme.

       The Awards do not confer rights on the holders to dividends or to vote at shareholders’ meetings.

       Movements in the number of Awards granted under the Share Award Scheme during the year and their related
       weighted average fair values are as follows:

                                                              Weighted average
                                                                  exercise price       Number of           Number of
                                                               of share options            options               RSUs
                                                                      HK$ per share           ’000                ’000


       Outstanding at April 1, 2017                                            5.12         58,701              44,914
       Granted during the year                                                 3.99         30,988              56,162
       Forfeited during the year                                               4.99        (11,845)            (13,699)
       Exercised or vested during the year                                       —              —              (16,722)


       Outstanding at March 31, 2018 and April 1, 2018                         4.69         77,844              70,655


       Granted during the year                                                 7.24          8,190              75,811
       Forfeited or lapsed during the year                                     4.36        (10,692)            (12,639)
       Exercised or vested during the year                                     5.10        (12,270)            (23,179)


       Outstanding at March 31, 2019                                           5.00         63,072            110,648




208
                                                                                   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report




                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                              March 31, 2019

28.   SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS (CONTINUED)

      Share award scheme (continued)

      The weighted average grant date fair value per unit for options at March 31, 2019 was RMB2.18 (2018:
      RMB2.20) and the weighted average grant date fair value per unit for RSUs at March 31, 2019 was RMB5.23
      (2018: RMB3.15).

      For share options outstanding at the end of the reporting period, the exercise prices ranged from HK$3.610 to
      HK$7.240. The exercise period of the options is from the vesting date to 10 years from the grant date. As at
      March 31, 2019, the remaining vesting periods for the options and RSUs granted ranged from 1 month to 46
      months (2018: 1 month to 46 months).

      The fair value of the share options granted during the year was RMB27,874,000 (RMB3.40 each) (2018:
      RMB52,313,000, RMB1.69 each).

      The fair value of share options granted during the year was estimated as at the date of grant, using a binomial
      model, taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the options were granted. The following table
      lists the inputs to the model used:

                                                                                        Options                       Options
                                                                                        granted                       granted
                                                                                        in 2019                       in 2018


      Fair value of the Company’s shares as at the grant date                          HK$7.24           HK$3.58–HK$4.01
      Expected volatility (%)                                                                  75                            70
      Expected dividend (%)                                                                  0.00                         0.00
      Exercise multiple                                                                       2.8                      2.2–2.8
      Exercise price                                                                   HK$7.24          HK$3.61–HK$5.558
      Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                            2.28               0.94–1.31
      Forfeiture rate (%)                                                                  20.00                20.00–30.00


      The expected volatility reflects the assumption that the historical volatility is indicative of future trends, which
      may also not necessarily be the actual outcome.

      The fair values of the RSUs granted during the years ended March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 were
      determined based on the market value of the Company’s shares at the respective grant dates.




                                                                                                                          209
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

28.    SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS (CONTINUED)

       Share award scheme (continued)

       Total share-based compensation expenses recorded by the Group under the Share Award Scheme are as
       follows:

                                                                                             2019               2018
                                                                                          RMB’000          RMB’000


       Cost of revenue                                                                       8,934             2,533
       Sales and marketing expenses                                                         68,361            30,159
       Administrative expenses                                                              67,467            49,877
       Product development expenses                                                         57,067            28,753
       Fulfilment                                                                           11,664             5,712


       Total                                                                               213,493           117,034


       At the end of the reporting year, the Company had approximately 63,071,850 options and 110,647,912 RSUs
       outstanding under the Share Award Scheme, which represented approximately 1.48% of the Company’s shares
       in issue as at that date. The exercise in full of the outstanding options and RSUs, under the present capital
       structure of the Company, would result in the issue of approximately 139,656,289 additional ordinary shares of
       the Company and additional share capital of HK$1,396,563 (equivalent to approximately RMB1,194,256) (before
       issue expenses), the purchase of 4,807,400 existing shares from the market and release of 29,256,073, shares
       from treasury shares.

29.    RESERVES

       The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years are presented
       in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 121 and page 122 of the annual report.

       The Group’s contributed surplus represents the excess of the nominal value of the shares of the subsidiaries
       acquired pursuant to the Group reorganisation over the nominal value of the Company’s shares issued in
       exchange therefor.

       General reserve represents the share of PRC statutory reserves from the joint venture before the year ended
       March 31, 2013 and subsidiaries for the year. PRC statutory reserves are required to be maintained under the
       relevant PRC laws applicable to the joint venture and subsidiaries of the Group.




210
                                                                                   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report




                                                                              NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                              March 31, 2019

30.   BUSINESS COMBINATIONS

      (A)   Business combinations not under common control

            Acquisition of Jiukang Yixin

            In February 2019, Hongyun Jiukang, a subsidiary of the Group, entered into an equity transfer agreement
            with Yixintang, pursuant to which, Hongyun Jiukang acquired 40% equity interest of Jiukang Yixin from
            Yixintang at a cash consideration of RMB10,800,000. The consideration was fully paid by Hongyun
            Jiukang. Accordingly, the Group’s ownership interests in Jiukang Yixin increased to 80%, and hence had
            control over Jiukang Yixin.

            The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of Jiukang Yixin as at the date of acquisition were
            as follows:

                                                                                                                   Fair value
                                                                                                             recognised on
                                                                                                                 acquisition
                                                                                                                    RMB’000


            Property and equipment                                                                                         527
            Prepayments, deposits and other receivables                                                                  1,477
            Financial assets measured at fair value through profit or loss                                             15,190
            Cash and cash at banks                                                                                       9,844
            Other payables                                                                                                  (21)
            Trade payables                                                                                                  (17)


            Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                                27,000
            Non-controlling Interest                                                                                    (5,400)


                                                                                                                       21,600
            Satisfied by:
               Cash                                                                                                    10,800
               Fair value of equity interest previously held as investment in a joint venture                          10,800


            Total purchase consideration                                                                               21,600




                                                                                                                          211
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

30.    BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (CONTINUED)

       (A)    Business combinations not under common control (continued)

              Acquisition of Jiukang Yixin (continued)

              An analysis of the cash flows in respect of the acquisition of Jiukang Yixin is as follows:

                                                                                                             RMB’000


              Cash consideration paid                                                                          (10,800)
              Cash and bank balances acquired                                                                    9,844


              Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents included
                 in cash flows from investing activities                                                          (956)


              Since the acquisition, Jiukang Yixin contributed nil to the Group’s revenue and RMB132,000 to the
              consolidated loss for the year ended March 31, 2019.

              Had the combination taken place at the beginning of current year, the revenue from continuing
              operations of the Group and the loss of the Group for the year ended March 31, 2019 would have been
              RMB5,095,867,000 and RMB93,000,000, respectively.

             Acquisition of four pharmacies

              On December 15, 2018, the Group acquired four pharmacies from a third party. The purchase
              consideration was approximately RMB8,686,000. The total fair value of the identifiable net assets of four
              pharmacies as at the date of acquisition was RMB803,000 and the goodwill in acquisition was
              RMB7,883,000.




212
                                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report




                                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                            March 31, 2019

30.   BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (CONTINUED)

      (A)   Business combinations not under common control (continued)

            Acquisition of four pharmacies (continued)

            The fair values of the identifiable assets and liabilities of four pharmacies as at the date of acquisition
            were as follows:

                                                                                                                 Fair value
                                                                                                           recognised on
                                                                                                               acquisition
                                                                                                                  RMB’000


            Inventories                                                                                                  563
            Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                                                              240


            Total identifiable net assets at fair value                                                                  803


            Goodwill on acquisition                                                                                    7,883


                                                                                                                       8,686
            Satisfied by:
               Cash                                                                                                    1,920
               Other payables                                                                                          6,766


                                                                                                                       8,686


            None of the goodwill recognised is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes.




                                                                                                                        213
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

30.    BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (CONTINUED)

       (A)    Business combinations not under common control (continued)

              Acquisition of four pharmacies (continued)

              An analysis of the cash flows in respect of the acquisition of four pharmacies’ business is as follows:

                                                                                                                RMB’000


              Cash consideration                                                                                   (1,920)


              Net outflow of cash and cash equivalents
                   included in cash flows from investing activities                                                (1,920)


              Since the acquisition, four pharmacies contributed RMB2,493,000 to the Group’s revenue and loss of
              RMB340,000 to the consolidated loss for the year ended March 31, 2019.

       (B)    Business combination under common control

              The Group adopts merger accounting for common control combinations in respect of the following
              transactions:

             (a)     Business combination I

                      On June 30, 2017, the Group acquired 100% equity interest in Ali JK Nutritional Products Limited
                      and its subsidiaries, Ali JK Nutritional Products HK Limited and Hangzhou Hengping Information
                      Technology Co., Ltd. (杭州衡平信息科技有限公司), (collectively referred to as the “Ali JK Nutritional
                      Products Group”) from Ali JK Nutritional Products Holding Limited, or the “Vendor”, a direct wholly-
                      owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding. As the Company and Ali JK Nutritional Products Group are
                      under the common control of Alibaba Holding before and after the acquisition, the business
                      combination has been accounted for in the interim condensed consolidated financial statements of
                      the Group as a business combination under common control using merger accounting.

                      Ali JK Nutritional Products Group was established by the Vendor to hold the business (the “Target
                      Business I”) which comprises: (i) all merchant relationships with the target merchants for the
                      promotion and distribution of Blue Cap Health Food on Tmall.com; and (ii) certain relevant
                      marketing and operations personnel managing the relationships with the target merchants. The
                      Target Business I earns software service fees from merchants when sales of Blue Cap Health Food
                      on Tmall.com are completed.




214
                                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report




                                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                           March 31, 2019

30.   BUSINESS COMBINATIONS (CONTINUED)

      (B)   Business combination under common control (continued)

            (a)   Business combination I (continued)

                  The consideration amounting to HK$3,800 million was satisfied by the Company issuing 1,187.5
                  million shares on June 30, 2017 to the Vendor. The total fair value of these consideration shares
                  was HK$4,417.5 million (approximately to RMB3,831.6 million) based on the market price of
                  HK$3.72 per ordinary shares as at June 30, 2017. The difference between the fair value of
                  consideration shares issued amounting to approximately RMB3,831.6 million and the carrying
                  amount amounting to approximately RMB3.0 million of the net asset of Ali JK Nutrition Products
                  Group at acquisition date is recognised in merger reserve amounting to RMB3,828.6 million

                  Since the acquisition, Ali JK Nutritional Products Group contributed RMB56,310,000 to the Group’s
                  revenue and RMB3,274,000 to the Group’s loss for the year ended March 31, 2018.

            (b)   Business combination II

                  On August 2, 2018, the Group acquired 100% equity interest in Ali JK Medical Products Limited
                  and its subsidiaries, Ali JK Medical Products (HK) Limited, and Hangzhou Hengping Health
                  Technology Co., Ltd^ (杭州衡凭健康科技有限公司), (collectively referred to as the “Ali JK Medical
                  Products Group”) from Ali JK Nutritional Products Holding Limited, or the “Vendor”, a direct wholly-
                  owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding. As the Company and Ali JK Medical Products Group are
                  under the common control of Alibaba Holding before and after the acquisition, the business
                  combination has been accounted as a business combination under common control using merger
                  accounting.

                  The consideration amounting to HK$10,600 million was satisfied by the Company issuing 1,827.6
                  million shares on August 2, 2018 to the Vendor. The fair value of these consideration shares was
                  HK$14,419.7 million (approximately to RMB12,570.5 million) based on the market price of HK$7.89
                  per ordinary shares as at August 2, 2018. The difference of RMB12,569.1 million between the fair
                  value of consideration shares issued of approximately RMB12,570.5 million and the carrying amount
                  of approximately RMB1.4 million of the net asset of Ali JK Medical Products Group at acquisition
                  date is recognised in merger reserve. Ali JK Medical Products Group was established by the
                  Vendor to hold the business (the “Target Business II”) which comprises: (i) all Merchant
                  relationships with the Target Merchants for the promotion and distribution of Target Products on
                  Tmall.com and (ii) certain relevant marketing and operations personnel managing the relationships
                  with the Target Merchants. The Target Business II earns commissions from merchants when sales
                  of Target Products on Tmall.com was completed.

                  Since the acquisition, Ali JK Medical Products Group contributed RMB470,861,000 to the Group’s
                  revenue and profit of RMB32,903,000 to the consolidated loss for the year ended March 31, 2019.




                                                                                                                       215
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

31.    NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

       (a)    Major non-cash transactions

              During the year, the Group entered into share transfer agreement regarding 24% and 25% equity
              interests of HL95 held by Alibaba Health (Hong Kong). As at March 31, 2019, the total consideration of
              RMB65,988,000 has not been received yet.

              During the year, the Group entered into capital injection agreement with Guizhou Ensure, pursuant to
              which Alibaba Health (China) shall inject approximately RMB404,322,000 in cash to Guizhou Ensure. As
              at March 31, 2019, the remaining cash consideration of RMB61,004,000 was unpaid and included in
              other payables and accruals.

              On December 15, 2018, the Group acquired four pharmacies from a third party. The purchase
              consideration was approximately RMB8,686,000. As at March 31, 2019, the remaining cash consideration
              of RMB6,766,000 was unpaid and included in other payables and accruals.

       (b)    Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                                                            Interest
                                                                                                     bearing other
                                                                                                        borrowings
                                                                                                          RMB’000


              At April 1, 2017                                                                              200,000
              Changes from financing cash flows                                                            (200,000)


              At March 31, 2018                                                                                  —


              At April 1, 2018                                                                                   —
              Changes from financing cash flows                                                          (1,700,000)


              At March 31, 2019                                                                          (1,700,000)




216
                                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report




                                                                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                           March 31, 2019

32.   OPERATING LEASE ARRANGEMENTS

      (a)   As lessee

            The Group leases certain of its office buildings under operating lease arrangements, which are negotiated
            for terms ranging from 12 months to 108 months.

            At March 31, 2019, the Group had total future minimum lease payments under the non-cancellable
            operating leases falling due as follows:

                                                                                            2019                    2018
                                                                                         RMB’000                 RMB’000

            Within one year                                                                  25,112                   8,648
            In the second to fifth years, inclusive                                          48,231                   6,991
            Over five years                                                                   1,597                      —


                                                                                             74,940                 15,639


      (b)   As lessor

            The Group leases its office properties and retail outlets under operating lease arrangements, with leases
            negotiated for terms ranging from 10 months to 36 months. The terms of the leases generally also
            require the tenants to pay security deposits and provide for periodic rent adjustments according to the
            then prevailing market conditions.

            At March 31, 2019, the Group had total future minimum lease receivables under non-cancellable
            operating leases with its tenants falling due as follows:

                                                                                            2019                    2018
                                                                                         RMB’000                 RMB’000

            Within one year                                                                     299                       —


                                                                                                299                       —


33.   COMMITMENT

      In addition to the operating lease commitments detailed in note 32 above, the Group had the following capital
      commitment at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                            2019                    2018
                                                                                         RMB’000                 RMB’000

      Contracted, but not provided for:
      Capital injection of investments                                                     375,944                  62,000




                                                                                                                       217
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

34.    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

       (I)    Transactions with related parties

              In addition to the transactions detailed elsewhere in these financial statements, the Group had the
              following material transactions with related parties during the period:

                                                                                               2019                2018
                                                                            Notes           RMB’000             RMB’000


              Services received from related parties:
                Share based compensation paid to connected persons
                    for the services provided                                 (i)             (27,644)            (16,716)
                Cloud computing services received from a subsidiary of
                    Alibaba Holding                                           (ii)             (5,078)             (5,599)
                Services received from a joint venture                        (iii)            (7,070)             (8,079)
                Internet information and other related services received
                    from relevant entities of Alibaba Group                   (iv)           (136,330)            (68,930)
                Shared services received from Alibaba Group                   (v)             (31,422)            (17,478)
                Marketing services received from Alibaba Group                (vi)            (52,478)              (7,659)
                Logistics and warehouse services received from a
                    subsidiary of Alibaba Holding                            (vii)            (52,582)            (22,949)
                Payment services received from Alipay                        (viii)           (18,873)              (7,759)
                Technical services received from Tmall entities@
                    regarding Blue Cap Health Food                            (ix)            (48,368)            (27,093)
                Technical services received from Tmall Entities regarding
                    medical devices, healthcare products, adult products,
                    and medical and healthcare services                       (x)            (242,302)                 —

              Services and products provided to related parties:
                Incentive fee received from a subsidiary of
                    Alibaba Holding                                           (vi)              3,126                 859
                Outsourced and value-added services provided to
                    Tmall Entities                                            (xi)           123,239             114,769
                Tracking related services provided to a subsidiary of
                    Alibaba Holding                                           (xii)             7,535              6,298
                Products provided to Alibaba Group                           (xiii)               341             19,339
                Products provided to associates of the Group                 (xiv)             54,426                 —

              Others:
                Interest expense to Alibaba Group                            (xv)             (25,656)             (2,675)
                Interest income from a joint venture                         (xvi)                610               1,617
                Deemed disposal of 55% equity interest in a subsidiary
                   through a capital increase                                (xvii)            55,000                  —
                Subscription Agreement with IK Healthcare Holdings
                   Limited                                                  (xviii)          119,801                   —


              @      Zhejiang Tmall Network Co., Ltd.^ (浙江天貓網絡有限公司) and Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd.^ (浙江天貓技術有限公司)




218
                                                                                                    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                                           2019 Annual Report




                                                                                               NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                                 March 31, 2019

34.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

      (I)   Transactions with related parties (continued)

            Notes:


            (i)      On June 14, 2017, the Company granted a total of 6,415,000 RSUs to Mr. Wang Lei and certain employees of the Group, each
                     of them either being a director of a subsidiary or certain subsidiaries of the Company, and hence a connected person of the
                     Company, under the Share Award Scheme. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the
                     Company dated June 14, 2017.


                     On October 10, 2017, the Company granted a total of 296,000 RSUs to Mr. Kang Kai, the non-executive director of the
                     Company and hence a connected person of the Company, under the Share Award Scheme. Further details of the transaction
                     were set out in the announcement of the Company dated October 10, 2017.


                     On June 8, 2018, the Company granted 8,190,000 Options and 1,170,000 RSUs to Mr. Shen Difan, the Chief Executive Officer
                     of the Company and an executive director, and hence a connected person of the Company, under the Share Award Scheme.
                     Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated June 8, 2018.


                     On June 8, 2018, the Company granted a total of 1,800,000 RSUs to Mr. Wang Qiang, an executive director of the Company,
                     and certain employees of the Group, each of them either being a director of a subsidiary or certain subsidiaries of the
                     Company, and hence a connected person of the Company, under the Share Award Scheme. Further details of the transaction
                     were set out in the announcement of the Company dated June 8, 2018.


            (ii)     On March 13, 2017, Alibaba Health Technology (China) Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康科技（中國）有限公司), an indirectly wholly-owned
                     subsidiary of the Company, and Alibaba Cloud Computing Ltd.^ (阿里雲計算有限公司) (“Alibaba Cloud”) entered into a Third
                     Renewed Cloud Computing Services Agreement for a term of one year from April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018, pursuant to
                     which Alibaba Cloud provided certain cloud computing services to the Group. Further details of the transaction were set out in
                     the announcement of the Company dated March 13, 2017. On February 14, 2018, the same parties entered into a Fourth
                     Renewed Cloud Computing Services Agreement for a term of one year from April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019. Further details of
                     the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated February 14, 2018.


                     On March 28, 2019, the same parties entered into a 2020 Cloud Computing Services Agreement for a term of one year from
                     April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated
                     March 28, 2019.


            (iii)    On April 3, 2017, September 1, 2017, and October 27, 2017, the Group entered into certain promotion service agreements and
                     call center outsourcing service agreements with HL95, a former joint venture of the group and one of its subsidiaries, pursuant
                     to which HL95 will provide certain promotion service and call center services to the Group. The terms of the agreements are
                     approximately one year commencing on the agreement date. On August 3, 2018, Alibaba China Co., Ltd.^ (阿里巴巴中國有限
                     公司), on behalf of its related parties including the Group, entered into a call center service outsourcing agreement with HL95.
                     The term of the agreement is approximately one year commencing on the agreement date.




                                                                                                                                             219
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

34.    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

       (I)    Transactions with related parties (continued)

             Notes: (continued)


              (iv)   On December 31, 2016, the Company, Alibaba.com China Limited^ (阿里巴巴網絡中國有限公司), and Taobao China Holding
                     Limited entered into a Services Framework Agreement, pursuant to which relevant entities# of Alibaba Group would provide to
                     the Group internet information related software technical services and other related services. The contract commenced from
                     March 11, 2017, being the date following approval at the special general meeting on March 10, 2017 and ended on March
                     31, 2018. On February 14, 2018, the same parties entered into a Renewed Services Framework Agreement for a term of one
                     year from April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019. The transaction was approved by the Company’s independent shareholders at a
                     special general meeting. For the period ended March 31, 2019, a service fee of RMB151,510,000 (2018: RMB78,582,000) was
                     charged to the Group. 21.5% of the part of the above-mentioned service fee was paid to the Group. A net service fee of
                     RMB136,330,000 (2018: RMB68,930,000) was recorded in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. Further details of the
                     transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company February 14, 2018.


                     On January 30, 2019, Alibaba Holding and the Company entered into a 2020 Platform Services Framework Agreement for a
                     term of one year, which runs from April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020, pursuant to which Alibaba Group will provide to the Group
                     internet information related software technical services and other related services. The transaction was approved by the
                     Company’s independent shareholders at a special general meeting. Further details of the transaction were set out in the
                     announcement of the Company January 30, 2019.


                     #
                            Relevant entities refers to Alibaba (China) Technology Co., Ltd.^ (阿里巴巴（中國）網絡技術有限公司), Hangzhou Alibaba
                            Advertising Co., Ltd.^ (杭州阿里巴巴廣告有限公司), Taobao China Holding Limited, the Tmall Entities and their respective
                            affiliates, collectively.


              (v)    On July 3, 2017, the Company entered into the Shared Services Agreement with Alibaba Holding, pursuant to which Alibaba
                     Holding shall procure the Alibaba Service Providers* to provide to the Group the shared services for a term of one year with
                     retrospective effect from April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018. On February 14, 2018, the same parties entered into a Renewed
                     Shared Services Agreement for a term of one year, which runs from April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019. Further details of the
                     transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company February 14, 2018.


                     On March 28, 2019, the same parties entered into a 2020 Shared Services Agreement for a term of one year, which runs from
                     April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated
                     March 28, 2019.


                     *      Alibaba Service Providers refers to Alibaba Holding, persons controlled by it and persons under the common control of
                            Alibaba Holding, and any other persons designated by Alibaba Holding.




220
                                                                                                  ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                                         2019 Annual Report




                                                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                              March 31, 2019

34.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

      (I)   Transactions with related parties (continued)

            Notes: (continued)


            (vi)   On August 4, 2016, Hangzhou Alimama Software Services Co., Ltd. ^ (杭州阿里媽媽軟件服務有限公司) (“Alimama”), a subsidiary
                   of Alibaba Holding, and Alibaba Health Technology (China) Co., Ltd. ^ (阿里健康科技（中國）有限公司), an indirectly wholly-owned
                   subsidiary of the Company, entered into an agency agreement to provide marketing services to Alibaba Health Technology
                   (China) Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康科技（中國）有限公司) and its contracted clients for a term of nine months from July 1, 2016 to
                   March 31, 2017. As the marketing agent, Alibaba Health Technology (China) Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康科技（中國）有限公司) would
                   be entitled to receive certain incentive fees. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the
                   Company dated January 6, 2017.


                   On June 28, 2017, Alibaba Health (Hong Kong) Technology Company Limited, which holds 100% shares of Alibaba Health
                   Technology (China) Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康科技（中國）有限公司) and Alimama entered into the Renewed Agency Agreement for a
                   term of one year, which runs retrospectively from April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018. Further details of the transaction were set
                   out in the announcement of the Company dated June 28, 2017.


                   On February 14, 2018, Alimama and the Company entered into an Advertising Services Framework Agreement for a term of one
                   year from April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019, pursuant to which Alimama provided marketing services to the Group. The
                   transaction was approved by the Company’s independent shareholders at a special general meeting. Further details of the
                   transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated February 14, 2018.


                   On April 20, 2018, Alimama, Shanghai Quam Tudou Cultural Communications Company Limited^ (上海全土豆文化傳播有限公司)
                   (“Youku”), a subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, and Alibaba Health (HK) Technology Company Limited entered into a Second
                   Renewed Agency Agreement for a term of one year retrospectively from April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019. As the marketing
                   agent, the Group would be entitled to receive certain incentive fees. Further details of the transaction were set out in the
                   announcement of the Company dated April 20, 2018.


                   On January 30, 2019, Alibaba Holding and the Company entered into a 2020 Advertising Services Framework Agreement for a
                   term of one year from April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020. The transaction was approved by the Company’s independent
                   shareholders at a special general meeting. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company
                   dated January 30, 2019.


                   On March 28, 2019, Alimama, Youku and Alibaba Health (Hong Kong) Technology Company Limited, entered into a 2020
                   Agency Agreement for a term of one year, which runs from April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020. Further details of the transaction
                   were set out in the announcement of the Company dated March 28, 2019.




                                                                                                                                          221
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

34.    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

       (I)    Transactions with related parties (continued)

             Notes: (continued)


              (vii)    On September 20, 2016, Zhejiang Cainiao Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd.^ (浙江菜鳥供應鏈管理有限公司) (“Cainiao”), a
                       subsidiary of Alibaba Holding and Alibaba Health (Hong Kong) Technology Company Limited, a wholly-owned subsidiary of the
                       Company, entered into a Service Agreement, pursuant to which Cainiao will provide bonded warehouse services, customs
                       clearance services and distribution services. The term of the Service Agreement was one year commencing on April 1, 2016 to
                       March 31, 2017. On June 28, 2017, the Group and Cainiao entered into the Logistics Services Framework Agreement for a
                       term of one year, commencing from April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018. Further details of the transaction were set out in the
                       announcement of the Company dated June 28, 2017.


                       On February 14, 2018, Hangzhou Cainiao Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd. ^ (杭州菜鳥供應鏈管理有限公司) entered into the
                       Renewed Logistics Services Framework Agreement for a term of one year, which runs retrospectively from April 1, 2018 to
                       March 31, 2019. The transaction was approved by the Company’s independent shareholders at a special general meeting.
                       Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated February 14, 2018.


                       On March 28, 2019, the same parties entered into a 2020 Logistics Services Framework Agreement for a term of one year,
                       which runs from April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the
                       Company dated March 28, 2019.


              (viii)   On September 20, 2017, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into the Payment Services Framework
                       Agreement with Alipay, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Ant Financial, a company incorporated in the PRC with limited liability,
                       which together with its subsidiaries have been deemed by the Stock Exchange as connected persons of the Company on July
                       10, 2017, pursuant to which Alipay will provide payment services and the Group will pay service fees. The term of the Payment
                       Service Framework Agreement is from July 10, 2017 to March 31, 2018. On February 14, 2018, same parties entered into the
                       Renewed Payment Services Framework Agreement for a term of one year, which runs from April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019.
                       Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated February 14, 2018.


                       On March 28, 2019, the same parties entered into a 2020 Payment Service Framework Agreement for a term of one year,
                       which runs from April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the
                       Company dated March 28, 2019.


              (ix)     On May 18, 2017, Alibaba Health Technology(Hangzhou) Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康科技（杭州）有限公司) entered into the Framework
                       Technical Services Agreement with the Tmall Entities, pursuant to which the Tmall Entities will continue to provide technical
                       support, internet information services and secondary domain names and other services for the operation of the Target Business
                       I as described in note 30(B) on Tmall. The Tmall Entities charged service fees of 50% of total software service fees received by
                       the Target Business I from the relevant merchants on Tmall.com. The Framework Technical Services Agreement was approved
                       by the independent shareholders at the special general meeting, and the term of the Framework Technical Services Agreement
                       commenced on the day following the completion of business acquisition under common control as described in note 30(B) and
                       will end on March 31, 2020. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated May
                       19, 2017.




222
                                                                                                  ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                                         2019 Annual Report




                                                                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                               March 31, 2019

34.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

      (I)   Transactions with related parties (continued)

            Notes: (continued)


            (x)    On May 28, 2018, Lu Kang pharmacy (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd.^ (鹿康大藥房（杭州）有限公司) (formerly known as Hangzhou Hengping
                   Health Technology Co., Ltd* (杭州衡憑健康科技有限公司)) entered into the Framework Technical Services Agreement with the
                   Tmall Entities, pursuant to which the Tmall Entities will continue to provide software technical services, internet information
                   services and secondary domain names and other services for the operation of the Target Business II as described in note 30(B)
                   on Tmall. The Tmall Entities charged service fees of 50% of total software service fees received by the Target Business II from
                   the relevant merchants on Tmall.com. The Framework Technical Services Agreement was approved by the independent
                   shareholders at the special general meeting, and the term of the Framework Technical Services Agreement commenced on the
                   day following the completion of business acquisition under common control as described in note 30(B) and will end on March
                   31, 2021. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated May 29, 2018.


            (xi)   On August 24, 2016, Alibaba Health Technology (China) Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康科技（中國）有限公司), an indirectly wholly-owned
                   subsidiary of the Company, and the Tmall Entities, members of Alibaba Group, entered into a Services Agreement, pursuant to
                   which the Group agreed to provide certain outsourced and value-added services in accordance with the terms and conditions
                   of the services agreement. The Tmall Entities shall pay the Group a service fee amounting to 21.5% of the fees paid by the
                   merchants to the relevant Tmall Entities in respect of the value of the completed sales of products or services under certain
                   categories on Tmall. The transaction was approved by the Company’s independent shareholders at a special general meeting.
                   The term of the services agreement was from September 13, 2016 to March 31, 2017. Further details of the transaction were
                   set out in the announcement of the Company dated August 24, 2016.


                   On March 10, 2017, Alibaba Health Technology (China) Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康科技（中國）有限公司), and the Tmall Entities
                   renewed the Service Agreement for a term of one year, commencing from April 1, 2017 to March 31, 2018. The transaction
                   was approved by the Company’s independent shareholders at a special general meeting. Further details of the transaction were
                   set out in the announcement of the Company dated March 10, 2017.


                   On February 14, 2018, the same parties entered into a Renewed Services Agreement for a term of one year from April 1, 2018
                   to March 31, 2019. The transaction was approved by the Company’s independent shareholders at a special general meeting.
                   For the period ended March 31, 2019, a service income of RMB138,419,000 (2018: RMB124,421,000) was charged by the
                   Group to the Tmall Entities. Certain of the above-mentioned service income included 21.5% of the fees paid by Alibaba Health
                   Pharmaceutical Chain Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康大藥房醫藥連鎖有限公司), an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, to
                   the Tmall Entities in respect of the value of the completed sales of products. A net service income of RMB123,239,000 (2018:
                   RMB114,769,000) was recorded in the consolidated statement of profit or loss. Further details of the transaction were set out
                   in the announcement of the Company dated February 14, 2018. On May 28, 2018, the same parties entered into a Services
                   Amendment Agreement, pursuant to which relevant categories has been changed. The transaction was approved by the
                   Company’s independent shareholders at a special general meeting. Further details of the transaction were set out in the
                   announcement of the Company dated May 29, 2018.


                   On January 30, 2019, Taobao Holding Limited, a subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, and Alibaba Health Information Technology
                   (Beijing) Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康信息技術（北京）有限公司), an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, entered into a
                   2020 Outsourced Service Framework Agreement for a term of one year, which runs from April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020,
                   pursuant to which the Group agreed to provide certain outsourced and value-added services in accordance with the terms and
                   conditions of the services agreement to Alibaba Group. The transaction was approved by the Company’s independent
                   shareholders at a special general meeting. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company
                   dated January 30, 2019.




                                                                                                                                           223
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

34.    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

       (I)    Transactions with related parties (continued)

             Notes: (continued)


              (xii)    On September 26, 2017, Alibaba Health Technology (China) Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康科技（中國）有限公司), an indirect wholly-owned
                       subsidiary of the Company, entered into the Tracking Service Agreement with Taobao China Holding Limited, an indirect wholly-
                       owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, pursuant to which Alibaba Health Technology (China) Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康科技（中國）有
                       限公司) shall provide development, maintenance and operation service of tracking information system to Taobao China Holding
                       Limited for a term commenced on September 26, 2017 and ended on August 31, 2018. The Renewed Tracking Service
                       Agreement was entered into on September 7, 2018 with a term which runs from September 7, 2018 to March 31, 2019 and
                       the details of which were set out in the announcement dated September 7, 2018.


              (xiii)   On October 15, 2017, the Company entered into the supply framework agreement with Alibaba.com Singapore E-commerce
                       Private Limited, a company incorporated in Singapore and an indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, pursuant to
                       which the Company shall procure the Group to supply to Alibaba Group various products including but not limited to health
                       products, nutritional supplements and family planning products for a term commencing on October 15, 2017 and ending on
                       March 31, 2018. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcements of the Company dated October 15,
                       2017, October 27, 2017 and January 10, 2018. On February 14, 2018, the same parties entered into a renewed supply
                       framework agreement for a term of one year from April 1, 2018 to March 31, 2019. Further details of the transaction were set
                       out in the announcement of the Company dated February 14, 2018.


                       On March 28, 2019, the same parties entered into a 2020 Supply and Purchase Framework Agreement for a term of one year,
                       which runs from April 1, 2019 to March 31, 2020. Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the
                       Company dated March 28, 2019.


              (xiv)    The products provided to associates were provided as prices and on conditions offered to major customers.


              (xv)     Alibaba Holding provided loans amounting to US$90,000,000 to the Group during the year ended March 31, 2018. These loans
                       were repaid on January 5, 2018. Interest was charged at 3.15% –3.17% per annum. Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd. ^ (浙江
                       天貓技術有限公司) provided loans amounting to RMB2,000,000,000 to the Group during the year ended March 31, 2019, of
                       which RMB1,700,000,000 was unpaid as at March 31, 2019. Interest was charged at 2.84%–4.39% per annum.


              (xvi)    On January 1, 2017, HL95 entered into a loan agreement with Alibaba Health (Hong Kong) Technology Company Limited, a
                       wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company, pursuant to which Alibaba Health (Hong Kong) Technology Company Limited agreed
                       to provide a loan of RMB53,900,000 to HL95 for the three years ending December 31, 2019, which is unsecured and bears
                       interest at a rate of 3% per annum. The principal was repaid by HL95 during the year.




224
                                                                                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                                            2019 Annual Report




                                                                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                                  March 31, 2019

34.   RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

      (I)   Transactions with related parties (continued)

            Notes: (continued)


            (xvii)    On June 1, 2018, Shanghai Yunxin Venture Capital Co., Ltd.^ (上海雲鑫創業投資有限公司) (“Shanghai Yunxin”), a company
                      wholly-owned by Ant Financial, Hangzhou Yunting Data Technology Company Limited^ (杭州雲庭數據科技有限公司) (“Hangzhou
                      Yunting”), an independent third party, Hongyun Jiukang Data Technology (Beijing) Company Limited^ (弘雲久康數據技術（北京）
                      有限公司) (“Hongyun Jiukang”), a subsidiary of the Group, and the joint venture& entered into a Capital Increase Agreement,
                      pursuant to which Shanghai Yunxin and Hangzhou Yunting agreed to make respective capital contributions of RMB40 million
                      and RMB15 million in cash to the registered capital of the joint venture. At the date of the transaction, the joint venture was
                      wholly-owned by Hongyun Jiukang with registered capital of RMB45 million and fully subscribed for. Upon completion of the
                      transaction on June 1, 2018, the registered share capital of the joint venture was increased from RMB45 million to RMB100
                      million, which was held as to 45% by Hongyun Jiukang, 40% by Shanghai Yunxin and 15% by Hangzhou Yunting, respectively.
                      Further details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated June 1, 2018.


                      &
                             Zhejiang Bian Que Health Data Technology Co., Ltd^ (浙江扁鵲健康數據技術有限公司), a limited liability company
                             established in the PRC and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Hongyun Jiukang prior to the transaction.


            (xviii)   On March 18, 2019, Ali JK Medical Products Limited, a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Company, entered into the Subscription
                      Agreement with IK Healthcare Holdings Limited^ (愛康), pursuant to which the Subscriber shall subscribe for 433,082 new
                      shares in the IK Healthcare Holdings Limited for a total subscription price of US$17,842,978.40. Upon completion of the
                      Subscription Agreement, the IK Healthcare Holdings Limited shall be held as to not less than 1% by the Subscriber. Further
                      details of the transaction were set out in the announcement of the Company dated March 18, 2019.


      The related party transactions in respect of items (i), (ii), from (iv) to (xiii), (xv), (xvii) and (xviii) above for the
      current year also constitute continuing connected transactions or connected transactions as defined in Chapter
      14A of the Listing Rules.




                                                                                                                                              225
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

34.    RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

       (II)    Outstanding balances with related parties:

               In addition to the outstanding balances detailed elsewhere in these financial statements, the balance with
               related parties as at March 31, 2019 and March 31, 2018 are listed below:

                                                                                    March 31, 2019      March 31, 2018
                                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000


               (1) Amounts due from related parties:
                 Subsidiaries of Alibaba Holding                                              24,256              34,061
                 Joint venture                                                                    —               55,921


                                                                                              24,256              89,982


               (2) Amounts due to related parties:
                 Subsidiaries of Alibaba Holding                                               1,881              58,651
                 Associates                                                                        88                 —
                 Joint venture                                                                     —               2,685


                                                                                               1,969              61,336


       (III)   Compensation of key management personnel of the Group

                                                                                                2019                2018
                                                                                           RMB’000             RMB’000


               Short-term employee benefits                                                   10,557               8,282
               Performance related bonuses                                                     2,989               3,597
               Share-based compensation expenses                                              32,667              37,023
               Pension scheme contributions                                                      423                 367


               Total compensation paid to key management personnel                            46,636              49,269


               Further details of directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments are included in note 8 to the financial
               statements.




226
                                                                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                                2019 Annual Report




                                                                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                    March 31, 2019

35.   FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

      The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting period
      are as follows:

      2019

      Financial assets

                                      Financial assets at FVPL        Financial assets at FVOCI
                                      Designated
                                         as such                                                        Financial
                                      upon initial      Held for           Debt           Equity        assets at
                                      recognition        trading     investments    investments        amortised              Total
                                        RMB’000        RMB’000         RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000


      Equity investment at FVOCI               —                 —            —          119,801               —           119,801
      Trade receivables                        —                 —            —               —           185,671          185,671
      Bills receivables                        —                 —       179,775              —                —           179,775
      Financial assets included in
         other receivables and
         other assets                          —                 —            —               —           173,352          173,352
      Financial investments at FVPL      457,759       1,786,541              —               —                —         2,244,300
      Cash and cash equivalents               —               —               —               —           280,371          280,371
      Long-term receivables                    —                 —            —               —            39,372           39,372


                                         457,759       1,786,541         179,775         119,801          678,766        3,222,642


      Financial liabilities at amortised cost

                                                                                                               March 31, 2019
                                                                                                                       RMB’000


      Trade and bills payables                                                                                           902,651
      Interest-bearing other borrowings                                                                                1,700,000
      Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                                                      407,124


                                                                                                                       3,009,775




                                                                                                                                227
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

35.    FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (CONTINUED)

       2018

       Financial assets

                                                                       Financial
                                                                       assets at            Loans
                                                                          FVPL     and receivables            Total
                                                                       RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000


       Trade receivables                                                     —             91,373            91,373
       Financial assets included in prepayments, other
          receivables and other assets                                       —             52,481            52,481
       Financial assets at FVPL                                           4,100                —              4,100
       Restricted cash and pledged deposits                                  —              2,268             2,268
       Cash and cash equivalents                                             —          1,397,197         1,397,197
       Long-term receivables                                                 —             55,921            55,921


                                                                          4,100         1,599,240         1,603,340


       Financial liabilities at amortised cost

                                                                                                     March 31, 2018
                                                                                                          RMB’000


       Trade payables                                                                                      323,310
       Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                                         97,540


                                                                                                           420,850




228
                                                                                   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                          2019 Annual Report




                                                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                              March 31, 2019

36.   FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS

      The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s financial instruments, other than those with carrying
      amounts that reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:

                                                    Carrying amount                                 Fair value
                                                      2019                  2018                  2019                   2018
                                                 RMB’000             RMB’000                RMB’000                 RMB’000


      Financial assets
      Financial asset at FVPL                    2,244,300               4,100              2,244,300                    4,100
      Equity investment designated at
         FVOCI                                     119,801                    —               119,801                        —
      Long-term receivables                         39,372              55,921                  39,372                 55,921
      Bills receivables                            179,775              38,387                179,775                  38,387


                                                 2,583,248              98,408              2,583,248                  98,408


      Financial liabilities
      Interest-bearing other borrowings          1,700,000                    —             1,700,000                        —


      Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, trade receivables, trade and bills
      payables, financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets, and financial liabilities
      included in other payables and accruals, approximate to their carrying amounts largely due to the short-term
      maturities of these instruments.

      The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument could
      be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale. The
      following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

      The fair values of the non-current portion of long-term receivables, bills receivables and interest-bearing other
      borrowings have been calculated by discounting the expected future cash flows using rates currently available
      for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and remaining maturities. The Group’s own non-performance risk
      for interest-bearing bank loans as at March 31, 2019 was assessed to be insignificant.




                                                                                                                          229
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

36.    FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

       The fair values of unlisted equity investment designated at FVOCI is based on external transactions in the
       investee’s equity.

       The Group invests in unlisted investments, which represent wealth management products issued by banks in
       Mainland China. The Group has estimated the fair value of these unlisted investments by using a discounted
       cash flow valuation model based on the market interest rates of instruments with similar terms and risks.

       Below is a summary of significant unobservable inputs to the valuation of financial instruments together with a
       quantitative sensitivity analysis as at March 31, 2019:

                                                            Significant                             Sensitivity of fair
                                      Valuation technique   unobservable input     Range            value to the input


       Unlisted equity investments    Valuation multiples   Average EV/EBIT        15.47 to 42.52   1% increase/decrease in multiple
                                                              multiple of peers                       would result in increase/
                                                                                                      decrease in fair value by
                                                                                                      RMB1,775,000/RMB2,522,000
                                                            Average P/S            1.3 to 3.14      1% increase/decrease in multiple
                                                              multiple of peers                       would result in increase/
                                                                                                      decrease in fair value by
                                                                                                      RMB2,055,000/RMB2,803,000
                                                            Discount for lack of   2018: 20%        1% increase/decrease in discount
                                                              marketability                           would result in decrease/
                                                                                                      increase in fair value by
                                                                                                      RMB1,495,000/RMB747,000

       The discount for lack of marketability represents the amounts of premiums and discounts determined by the
       Group that market participants would take into account when pricing the investments.




230
                                                                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                              2019 Annual Report




                                                                                 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                  March 31, 2019

36.   FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

      Fair value hierarchy

      The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial instruments:

      Assets measured at fair value:

      As at March 31, 2019

                                                       Fair value measurement using
                                            Quoted prices            Significant            Significant
                                                   in active         observable         unobservable
                                                   markets                 inputs                inputs
                                                   (Level 1)            (Level 2)             (Level 3)                    Total
                                                  RMB’000              RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000


      Equity investment designated at
         FVOCI                                            —                    —                119,801                119,801
      Financial assets at FVPL                            —                    —             2,244,300               2,244,300
      Bills receivables                                   —              179,775                    —                  179,775


                                                          —              179,775             2,364,101               2,543,876


      As at March 31, 2018

                                                           Fair value measurement using
                                                Quoted prices            Significant            Significant
                                                      in active         observable          unobservable
                                                      markets                 inputs                 inputs
                                                      (Level 1)            (Level 2)              (Level 3)                   Total
                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000               RMB’000                 RMB’000


      Financial asset at FVPL                               —                    —                   4,100                   4,100


      The Group did not have any financial liabilities measured at fair value as at March 31, 2019 and 2018.

      During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2 and no
      transfers into or out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (2018: Nil).




                                                                                                                              231
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

36.    FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

       Fair value hierarchy (continued)

      Assets for which fair values are disclosed:

       As at March 31, 2019

                                                         Fair value measurement using
                                                Quoted prices       Significant        Significant
                                                     in active      observable       unobservable
                                                     markets             inputs              inputs
                                                     (Level 1)        (Level 2)            (Level 3)           Total
                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000              RMB’000         RMB’000


       Long-term receivables                               —                 —               39,372           39,372


       As at March 31, 2018

                                                            Fair value measurement using
                                                  Quoted prices        Significant          Significant
                                                       in active       observable      unobservable
                                                        markets            inputs               inputs
                                                       (Level 1)         (Level 2)           (Level 3)              Total
                                                      RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000          RMB’000


       Long-term receivables                                 —                 —               55,921           55,921


      Liabilities for which fair values are disclosed:

       As at March 31, 2019

                                                         Fair value measurement using
                                                Quoted prices       Significant        Significant
                                                     in active      observable       unobservable
                                                     markets             inputs              inputs
                                                     (Level 1)        (Level 2)            (Level 3)           Total
                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000              RMB’000         RMB’000


       Interest-bearing other borrowings                   —          1,700,000                   —        1,700,000


       The Group did not have any financial liabilities for which fair values are disclosed as at March 31, 2018.




232
                                                                                  ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                         2019 Annual Report




                                                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                             March 31, 2019

37.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

      The Group’s principal financial instruments comprise cash and term deposits. The Group has various other
      financial assets and liabilities such as trade receivables and trade payables, which arise directly from its
      operations.

      It is, and has been throughout the year under review, the Group’s policy that no trading in financial
      instruments shall be undertaken.

      The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are credit risk, foreign currency risk and liquidity
      risk. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and they are
      summarised below.

      Credit risk

      The Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group’s policy that all
      customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. In addition,
      receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis.

      The credit risk of the Group’s other financial assets, which comprise cash and cash equivalents, other
      receivables and long-term deposits, arises from default of the counterparty, with a maximum exposure equal to
      the carrying amounts of these instruments.

      Further quantitative data in respect of the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade receivables are
      disclosed in note 17 to the financial statements.

      The Group places its cash deposits with major international banks in Hong Kong and state-owned banks in
      Mainland China. This investment policy limits the Group’s exposure to concentrations of credit risk.




                                                                                                                         233
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

37.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

       Credit risk (continued)

      Maximum exposure and year-end staging as at March 31, 2019

       The table below shows the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the Group’s credit
       policy, which is mainly based on ageing information unless other information is available without undue cost or
       effort, and year-end staging classification as at March 31, 2019. The amounts presented are gross carrying
       amounts for financial assets and the exposure to credit risk for the financial guarantee contracts.

                                                12-month
                                                      ECLs                              Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                                    Simplified
                                                  Stage 1                Stage 2                Stage 3             approach
                                                RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000                RMB’000


       Trade receivables*                                 —                      —                      —              185,671                185,671
       Bills receivables                          179,775                        —                      —                   —                 179,775
       Financial assets included
            in prepayments,
            other receivables and
         other assets
       — Normal**                                 212,724                        —                      —                      —              212,724
       Cash and cash
         equivalents
       — Not yet past due                         280,371                        —                      —                      —              280,371


                                                  672,870                        —                      —              185,671                858,541


       *      For trade receivables to which the Group applies the simplified approach for impairment, information based on the provision matrix is
              disclosed in note 17 to the financial statements, respectively.


       **     The credit quality of the financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets is considered to be “normal” when
              they are not past due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit risk since initial
              recognition.




234
                                                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                        2019 Annual Report




                                                                            NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                            March 31, 2019

37.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Credit risk (continued)

      Maximum exposure as at December 31, 2017

      The credit risk of the Group’s other financial assets, which comprise cash and cash equivalents, amounts due
      from associates and joint ventures, other receivables and certain derivative instruments, arises from default of
      the counterparty, with a maximum exposure equal to the carrying amounts of these instruments.

      Since the Group trades only with recognised and creditworthy third parties, there is no requirement for
      collateral. Concentrations of credit risk are managed by customer/counterparty, by geographical region and by
      industry sector. There are no significant concentrations of credit risk within the Group as the customer bases
      of the Group’s trade receivables are widely dispersed in different sectors and industries.

      Foreign currency risk

      The Group has transactional currency exposures. Such exposures arise from the Group’s cash and bank
      balances denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of the operating units.

      The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a reasonably possible
      change in the RMB exchange rate, with all other variables held constant, of the Group’s loss before tax (due to
      changes in the fair value of cash and bank balances).

                                                                                       Increase/               Increase/
                                                                                  (decrease) in           (decrease) in
                                                                                       RMB rate        loss before tax
                                                                                                 %              RMB’000


      2019
      If the Hong Kong dollar weakens against RMB                                                  1                   226
      If the Hong Kong dollar strengthens against RMB                                            (1)                  (226)


      2018
      If the Hong Kong dollar weakens against RMB                                                  1                   106
      If the Hong Kong dollar strengthens against RMB                                            (1)                  (106)




                                                                                                                        235
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

37.    FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

       Liquidity risk

       The Group monitors its risk to a shortage of funds using a recurring liquidity planning tool. This tool considers
       the maturity of both its financial instruments and financial assets (e.g., trade receivables) and projected cash
       flows from operations.

       The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period, based on the
       contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:

                                                                                                                2019
                                                                                                           Less than
                                                                                                        1 year or on
                                                                                                             demand
                                                                                                            RMB’000


       Interest-bearing other borrowings                                                                   1,714,300
       Trade payables                                                                                        902,651
       Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                                         407,124


                                                                                                           3,024,075


                                                                                                                  2018
                                                                                                              Less than
                                                                                                           1 year or on
                                                                                                               demand
                                                                                                              RMB’000


       Trade payables                                                                                          323,310
       Financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals                                             97,540


                                                                                                               420,850




236
                                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                       2019 Annual Report




                                                                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                           March 31, 2019

37.   FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Capital management

      The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a going concern
      while maximising the return to stakeholders through the optimisation of the debt and equity balance. The
      Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from that of the prior year.

      The capital structure of the Group consists of equity attributable to owners of the Company, comprising issued
      share capital and reserves.

      The directors of the Company review the capital structure on a regular basis. As part of this review, the
      directors consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on
      recommendations of the directors, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through new issues of
      shares.




                                                                                                                       237
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

March 31, 2019

38.    STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

       Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period is as
       follows:

                                                                                      March 31,           March 31,
                                                                                            2019               2018
                                                                                       RMB’000            RMB’000


       NON-CURRENT ASSETS
       Investments in subsidiaries                                                   16,805,899           4,010,767
       Due from subsidiaries                                                           2,582,183          2,001,073


       Total non-current assets                                                      19,388,082           6,011,840


       CURRENT ASSETS
       Prepayments and other receivables                                                   1,340              7,329
       Cash and cash equivalents                                                          47,819            497,056


       Total current assets                                                               49,159            504,385


       CURRENT LIABILITIES
       Accounts payable                                                                    2,875              1,862
       Other payables and accruals                                                        13,605             13,098
       Due to subsidiaries                                                                23,550             14,847
       Accrued salaries                                                                      462                477


       Total current liabilities                                                          40,492             30,284


       NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                                  8,667            474,101


       TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                         19,396,749           6,485,941


       Net assets                                                                    19,396,749           6,485,941


       EQUITY
       Share capital                                                                     102,898             86,617
       Treasury shares                                                                   (25,052)            (5,474)
       Reserves                                                                      19,318,903           6,404,798


       Total equity                                                                  19,396,749           6,485,941




238
                                                                                                                  ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
                                                                                                                                         2019 Annual Report




                                                                                                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

                                                                                                                                                 March 31, 2019

38.   STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                                                  Employee
                                                                                  Share                             Exchange share-based
                                                                               premium      Capital Contributed    fluctuation compensation Accumulated
                                                                                account     reserve     surplus       reserve#      reserve      losses          Total
                                                                      Notes    RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000        RMB’000


      At March 31, 2017                                                        1,907,220     10,752      57,741       57,920       104,282     (1,001,026)    1,136,889
      Profit for the year                                                             —          —           —            —             —          55,967        55,967
      Other comprehensive loss for the year:
      Translation from functional currency to presentation currency                   —          —           —       (174,555)           —             —       (174,555)


      Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                                  —          —           —       (174,555)           —        55,967       (118,588)
      Issue of new shares                                              27      1,465,002         —           —             —             —            —       1,465,002
      Issue of new shares for acquisition under common control         27      3,821,342         —           —             —             —            —       3,821,342
      Share-based compensation expenses                                28             —          —           —             —       117,034            —         117,034
      Vested awarded shares transferred to employees                   27        61,955          —           —             —        (69,865)          —           (7,910)
      Transfer of share-based compensation reserve of options
          lapsed after vesting date                                                   —          —           —             —        (8,971)            —         (8,971)


      At March 31, 2018                                                        7,255,519     10,752      57,741      (116,635)     142,480      (945,059)     6,404,798


      Profit for the year                                                             —          —           —             —             —        (80,897)     (80,897)
      Translation from functional currency to presentation currency                   —          —           —       194,203             —             —       194,203


      Total comprehensive income/(loss) for the year                                  —          —           —       194,203             —        (80,897)      113,306
      Issue of new shares for acquisition under common control         27     12,554,598         —           —            —              —             —     12,554,598
      Exercise of share options                                        27         83,252         —           —            —        (30,377)            —         52,875
      Share-based compensation expenses                                28             —          —           —            —        213,493             —        213,493
      Vested awarded shares transferred to employees                   27        73,474          —           —            —        (91,987)            —        (18,513)
      Transfer of share-based compensation reserve of options
          lapsed after vesting date                                                   —          —           —             —        (1,654)            —         (1,654)


      At March 31, 2019                                                       19,966,843     10,752      57,741       77,568       231,955     (1,025,956)   19,318,903


      #
               The exchange fluctuation reserve represents the difference arising from translating the financial statements from HK$ into RMB, the
               Company’s presentation currency.


39.   APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

      The financial statements were approved and authorised for issue by the board of directors on May 16, 2019.

      *        For identification purpose only




                                                                                                                                                               239
ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited
2019 Annual Report




FINANCIAL SUMMARY

                                                                     Year ended March 31,
                                                     2019         2018             2017          2016         2015
                                                RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                                                          (Restated)


RESULTS


Revenue                                         5,095,867     2,442,618          475,078       56,595        29,744


Loss before tax                                    (60,830)     (95,145)        (207,099)     (197,117)     (83,178)
Income tax expense                                 (30,934)     (13,889)          (1,554)       (1,851)        (927)


Loss for the year                                  (91,764)    (109,034)        (208,653)     (198,968)     (84,105)


Attributable to:
Owners of the parent                               (81,949)    (106,974)        (207,626)     (191,608)     (81,221)
Non-controlling interests                           (9,815)      (2,060)          (1,027)       (7,360)      (2,884)


                                                   (91,764)    (109,034)        (208,653)     (198,968)     (84,105)


                                                                           As at March 31,
                                                     2019         2018             2017          2016         2015
                                                RMB’000       RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000      RMB’000
                                                                                                          (Restated)


ASSETS AND LIABILITIES


Total assets                                    5,981,885     3,110,977        1,679,700     1,348,150    1,408,721
Total liabilities                               (3,245,059)    (587,920)        (560,038)     (192,879)    (141,830)


                                                2,736,826     2,523,057        1,119,662     1,155,271    1,266,891


Equity attributable to owners
  of the parent                                 2,794,519     2,580,248        1,177,836     1,221,360    1,325,620
Non-controlling interests                          (57,693)     (57,191)         (58,174)      (66,089)     (58,729)


                                                2,736,826     2,523,057        1,119,662     1,155,271    1,266,891




240
