ALIBABA HEALTH INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY LIMITED   阿里健康信息技術有限公司   ANNUAL REPORT 2023 年報
CONTENTS
2     Corporate Information
3     Chairman’s Statement
6     Management Discussion and
      Analysis
21    Directors’ Report
60    Biographical Information of
      Directors and Senior Management
64    Corporate Governance Report
80    Risk Management and Internal
      Control

89    Independent Auditor’s Report
96    Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss
97    Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive
      Income
98    Consolidated Statement of Financial Position
100   Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity
102   Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
104   Notes to Financial Statements
210   Financial Summary
CORPORATE INFORMATION

BOARD OF DIRECTORS                                                        REGISTERED OFFICE
                                                                          Victoria Place
 Executive Directors
                                                                          5th Floor
Mr. Zhu Shunyan                                                           31 Victoria Street
  (Chairman and Chief Executive Officer)                                  Hamilton HM 10
Mr. Shen Difan                                                            Bermuda
Mr. Tu Yanwu

 Non-executive Director
                                                                          PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
                                                                          HONG KONG
Mr. Li Faguang (resigned on May 15, 2023)
                                                                          26/F, Tower One
Ms. Huang Jiaojiao (appointed on May 15, 2023)                            Times Square
 Independent Non-executive Directors                                      1 Matheson Street
                                                                          Causeway Bay
Mr. Luo Tong
                                                                          Hong Kong
Mr. Wong King On, Samuel
Ms. Huang Yi Fei (Vanessa)
                                                                          PRINCIPAL PLACE OF BUSINESS IN
 Audit Committee                                                          PRC
Mr. Wong King On, Samuel (Chairman)                                       65/F, CITIC Tower
Mr. Luo Tong                                                              Building 1, No.10
Ms. Huang Yi Fei (Vanessa)                                                Courtyard, Guanghua Road
                                                                          Jianwai Subdistrict, Chaoyang District
 Remuneration Committee                                                   Beijing
Ms. Huang Yi Fei (Vanessa) (Chairman)
Mr. Li Faguang (resigned on May 15, 2023)                                 PRINCIPAL SHARE REGISTRAR (IN
Ms. Huang Jiaojiao (appointed on May 15, 2023)                            BERMUDA)
Mr. Wong King On, Samuel                                                  Ocorian Management (Bermuda) Ltd.
                                                                          Canon’s Court
 Nomination Committee
                                                                          22 Victoria Street
Mr. Zhu Shunyan (Chairman)                                                Hamilton HM 12
Mr. Luo Tong                                                              Bermuda
Mr. Wong King On, Samuel
                                                                          BRANCH SHARE REGISTRAR (IN
AUTHORIZED REPRESENTATIVES                                                HONG KONG)
Mr. Zhu Shunyan                                                           Tricor Secretaries Limited
Ms. Lee Wai Yan Vivian (resigned on June 30, 2022)                        17/F, Far East Finance Centre
Ms. Chun Ka Yan (appointed on June 30, 2022)                              16 Harcourt Road
                                                                          Hong Kong
COMPANY SECRETARY
Ms. Lee Wai Yan Vivian (resigned on June 30, 2022)                        PRINCIPAL BANKERS
Ms. Chun Ka Yan (appointed on June 30, 2022)                              China CITIC Bank International Limited
                                                                          The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corporation
LEGAL ADVISOR                                                             Limited
Taylor Wessing                                                            China Merchants Bank Co., Ltd.
                                                                          Bank of Ningbo Co., Ltd.
AUDITOR                                                                   JPMorgan Chase Bank
                                                                          Agricultural Bank of China
Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Registered Public Interest Entity Auditor
                                                                          COMPANY WEBSITE
                                                                          www.irasia.com/listco/hk/alihealth/


02   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                                      CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

Dear fellow shareholders,

     First of all, on behalf of the Board of Directors and Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited (the
“Company” or “Alibaba Health”, together with its subsidiaries, the “Group”), I would like to take this
opportunity to express our sincere gratitude to all of our shareholders and the general public for their
continued interest and support.

     Year 2022 was a milestone year. The 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of the People’s
Republic of China (the “PRC” or “China”) held in the year emphasized high-quality development as the primary
task of building a modern socialist country in all respects, proposed to make safeguarding public health a
priority for its development strategies, promoted the transformation from focusing on disease treatment to
public health and drew up a blueprint for building a healthy China. Following the publication of the “Measures
for the Supervision and Administration of Online Drug Sales”^ (藥品網絡銷售監督管理辦法) and the “Measures
for the Administration of Internet Diagnosis and Treatment (Provisional)”^ (互聯網診療監管細則（試行）) in the
Internet healthcare industry, the Internet healthcare industry is guided into a new stage of regulated
development and the long-term development of the industry is protected and supported. As a leading player in
the digital healthcare services industry, Alibaba Health adheres to the principle of compliant operation, actively
responds to guiding policy directions, integrates Internet digital technology with its caring proposition in order
to offer genuine and accessible healthcare services to every user.

     Adhering to the original intention of making healthcare accessible, Alibaba Health leverages on its
established capabilities and service experience in Internet and Internet of Things technology to empower the
“cloud-based pharmacy”, “cloud-based hospital” and “cloud-based infrastructure” strategies. With the
realization of the synergy among the “three clouds”, Alibaba Health has established a full-life cycle healthcare
service model from consulting a doctor, purchasing medicine to health management. In the cloud-based
pharmacy sector, as of March 31, 2023, annual active users (those who made one or more actual purchase(s)
on the platform within the past 12 months) of Tmall Healthcare Platform reached nearly 300 million. Following
the continuous increase of the yearly consumption amount of healthcare products per capita, Tmall Healthcare
Platform served over 28,000 merchants. In the post-pandemic era, we will continue to focus on changes in user
needs in medical services, non-pharmaceutical categories, and home devices categories, etc. and help our
partners explore new growth tracks. Over the past three years, Tmall Healthcare Platform has developed 10
new categories with over RMB5 billion in value. Tmall Healthcare Platform has become the preferred platform
sought by brands to develop trending categories and achieve sustainable development. Adhering to our
operation motto that highlights “authenticity, affordability, professionalism and reliability”, our pharmaceutical
direct sales business continued to maintain high speed and good development momentum in the past year. The
number of annual active users (those who made one or more actual purchase(s) in the past 12 months) of our
direct online stores exceeded 130 million, representing an increase of over 20 million from 110 million as at
March 31, 2022. Our pharmaceutical direct sales business currently serves 75 million members, representing an
increase of 47.4% year-on-year. We have further improved our smart supply chain system. As at March 31,
2023, we established a distribution network of 39 warehouses in 22 locations. With the application of smart
tools, we have greatly improved our warehousing operation capacity and efficiency. At the end of 2022, in light
of the enhanced epidemic prevention and control policies and relying on Alibaba Health’s strong supply chain
fulfillment capabilities, our leading position in digital technology, and advantages resulted from our
comprehensive product offerings, Alibaba Health had proactively participated in preventing and combating the
COVID-19 pandemic. Under the guidance from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the PRC



                                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   03
CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

and various local governments of the PRC, we managed to support the timely delivery of medicines and
medical supplies in more than 20 regions across different cities and provinces, meeting the longing demand for
medicines from the public.

     In terms of cloud-based hospital, over the past year, leveraging on our Internet hospitals as a network, we
have fully utilized our technical advantages as well as exploration experience in the field of healthcare services
to continuously optimize our online solutions to medical and healthcare services. The service efficiency of
traditional medical resources with respect to medical consultation for western medicine, appointment-booking,
chronic disease patients, community management, Internet TCM, adult vaccinations, medical check-ups, etc., has
been continuously improving. To address the pain points of online healthcare service users, we continued to
enhance service experience and value of service for users, built online service scenarios and platforms for
chronic disease patients with proactive health management awareness, health management groups, doctors as
well as pharmaceutical companies, and achieved rapid growth in the healthcare service business. As at the end
of the Reporting Period, nearly 200,000 licensed physicians, pharmacists and nutritionists contracted with us to
provide online health consultation services, representing an increase of nearly 40,000 professionals (including
those from Xiaolu traditional Chinese medicine (“Xiaolu TCM”)), as compared with the number as at March 31,
2022, with online consultation services reaching an average of over 400,000 sessions per day during the
Reporting Period. In terms of chronic diseases, we served nearly nine million patients in the financial year, a
year-on-year increase of 35.2%. The per capita length of medication use rose rapidly year-on-year, along with
significant improvement in medication compliance.

     In terms of cloud-based infrastructure, we have achieved rapid development and remarkable results in the
past year in terms of tracking code and medical knowledge graph. We have also initiated in-depth cooperation
with the drug regulatory systems of various regions across different cities and provinces to further promote the
code scanning tracking of drugs, as well as the coverage and promotion in retail terminal pharmacies and
healthcare institutions. In developing the medical knowledge graph, we have published the Alibaba Health
Chinese medical terminology. The Chinese clinical terminology collection contains nearly 600,000 medical
academic terms and 2.2 million semantic relations, while the Chinese drug terminology collection covers nearly
30,000 clinically applied drugs. These terminology collections, and the professional tools developed during their
publication, will serve as an important cornerstone of our healthcare applications to be developed based on
large language models.

     Last year, leveraging on our advantages in technology, channels and operation, we continued to play an
active role in practicing corporate social responsibility and promoting philanthropic health promotion
campaigns. During the 11.11 Global Shopping Festival, Alibaba Health Philanthropy launched the “Hearing Aid
Scheme”^ (助聽行動) in collaboration with Tmall Healthcare Platform, professional hearing aid brands such as
Eartech^ (摯聽) and Fucong^ (復聰), as well as China Social Welfare Foundation and Alibaba Foundation. This
scheme has helped the elderly find professional and reliable medical solutions to their hearing problem
through the provision of online-to-offline hearing test consultations and scientific education. Alibaba Health
Philanthropy also joined hands with Alibaba Foundation and China Association of County Hospital President to
launch supportive initiatives featuring interventional cardiology in counties such as Qinglong Manchu
Autonomous County in Hebei province, and Yongshun County in Hunan province’s Xiangxi prefecture. As at
March 31, 2023, we assisted in training a total of 3,744 interventional cardiologists with cumulative online
learning time exceeding 86,000 hours. At the end of 2022, following the enhanced epidemic prevention and
control policies against COVID-19, Alibaba Health actively responded to the requests from medical treatment



04   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                                      CHAIRMAN’S STATEMENT

team under the Joint Prevention and Control Mechanism of the State Council of the PRC (the “State Council”)
and launched the “Peace of Mind Action”^ (安心行動). By introducing five reassuring measures, namely fever
consultation, care for emotional wellbeing, chronic disease protection, medication consultation and “Ma Shang
Fang Xin”, we provided our users with professional support and caring companionship. Building on this
foundation, we launched two initiatives with Alibaba Foundation to provide epidemic-related support in rural
areas across China: a free COVID-19 online medical consultation for rural residents and internal immigrants in
China, and a training scheme for grassroot doctors. We also donated medical supplies and equipment to rural
clinics in the counties to which its rural development ambassadors were dispatched, ensuring full access to
antipyretic drugs for over 5,000 rural clinics.

     Year 2023 marks the first year to fully implement the spirit of the 20th National Congress of the
Communist Party of China. With rising economic prosperity and enhanced health literacy of the public, and the
implementation of the proposition “everyone is the first person responsible for their own health” advocated by
the Chinese government, across the healthcare system, we have entered a new era featured by the transition
from passive disease treatment to proactive personal health management. In line with the new development of
the Internet healthcare industry, and upholding our original intention of making healthcare affordable and
accessible, Alibaba Health has proposed the high-quality development vision of “becoming a digital health
management company serving 500 million people within five years” and has developed a new map of digital
health management with the core triangle of “data collection and analysis, health risk assessment and health
intervention and management”. Through the collection of portable, family-oriented, and data-based health
indicators for users in personal health management, and based on a risk assessment system comprising
doctors, large models, and medical knowledge graph, we will provide users with integrated health
management solutions covering healthcare education, healthcare consumption, medication services, and patient
follow-up, tap into the huge market of users’ active personal health management with Internet and digital
technology, and take an important and milestone step towards our original goal of making healthcare services
accessible.

     In March 2023, the Board of Alibaba Group Holding Limited (“Alibaba Holding”, together with its
subsidiaries “Alibaba Group”) issued a letter to all employees, “Futures Are Created Through Self-
Transformation”, and unveiled the plan of “1+6+N” organizational reform. As the flagship healthcare platform
of Alibaba Group and a leading player in the industry, Alibaba Health decided to take this opportunity to ride
on the momentum. At a new starting point, we will adopt a more independent and flexible decision-making
mechanism to maintain business synergy and efficiency coupling with all sectors within our Group, and to
further improve our operational capabilities, and economic efficiency.

     “Those who walk, often arrive; and those who do, often achieve.” Again, I would like to thank all of our
shareholders, partners, users, and people from all walks of life who have been staying with us for their
continued support, understanding and assistance. We will continue to bring affordable healthcare services to a
wider group of people, so that every user can access high-quality health support with dignity.




Zhu Shunyan
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

May 23, 2023


                                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   05
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

BUSINESS REVIEW

     Looking back at the financial year ended March 31, 2023 (the “Reporting Period”), the Chinese
government further formalized and standardized its regulations and rules for the Internet healthcare industry,
providing on-going support to develop the industry in an orderly and efficient manner. As it was clearly
indicated in the report made at the 20th National Congress of the Communist Party of the PRC to “make
safeguarding public health a priority for its development strategies”, the Chinese government has set out a
clear direction for the Internet intelligent healthcare industry to develop actively and guide the industry to
provide customers with quality services. In June 2022, the National Health Commission of the PRC issued the
“Measures for the Administration of Internet Diagnosis and Treatment (Provisional)”^ (互聯網診療監管細則（試
行）), in which it stipulates detailed requirements for organizations, personnel, business, quality and safety
procedures relating to Internet diagnosis and treatment, thereby signifying a high degree of recognition among
regulators for the “Internetization”^ (互聯網化) of the healthcare industry. The “Measures for the Supervision
and Administration of Online Drug Sales”^ (藥品網絡銷售監督管理辦法), which came into effect in December
2022, allows online sale of prescription drugs, setting out the direction for compliance development of online
drug sales. During the same period, the National Development and Reform Commission of the PRC issued the
“Fourteenth Five-Year Plan for the Implementation of Strategies for Expanding Domestic Demand”^ (「十四五」擴
大內需戰略實施方案), in which it calls for an active development of “Internet + Healthcare” services, which
includes the promotion of the orderly development of services such as appointment by sessions for diagnosis
and treatment, circulation of electronic prescriptions and online drug sales, and inclusion of eligible Internet
healthcare services under the scope of medical insurance in accordance with existing procedures.

     In March 2023, the General Office of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the PRC and the
General Office of the State Council issued the “Opinions on Further Improving the Medical and Health Service
System”^ (關於進一步完善醫療衞生服務體系的意見), which highlights the supporting role of information technology
by developing the “Internet + Healthcare” sector and establishing an industrial Internet platform targeting the
healthcare sector. As a leading player in the sector, the Group has always been actively responding to national
policies amidst the ongoing enhancement of relevant policies and mechanisms and is also committed to strictly
fulfilling its responsibilities and creating long-term values for its users in the Internet healthcare industry. At the
end of 2022, in light of the enhanced prevention and control policies, the Group had proactively participated in
preventing and combating the COVID-19 pandemic by fully leveraging its digital capabilities. Under the
guidance from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the PRC and various local governments of
the PRC, the Group managed to support the timely delivery of medicines and medical supplies in more than 20
regions across different cities and provinces, meeting the longing demand for medicines from the public. In
collaboration with media partners across China, the Group also introduced the “Peace of Mind Action”^ (安心行
動), through which various healthcare services were launched, including free medical consultation for COVID-19,
chronic disease protection and medication consultation. During the Reporting Period, all business segments of
the Company continued to achieve solid growth.




06   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     During the Reporting Period, the total revenue of the Group reached RMB26,763.0 million, representing an
increase of 30.1% year-on-year. The Group’s pharmaceutical direct sales business achieved a revenue of
RMB23,591.6 million, representing an increase of 31.7% year-on-year. As at March 31, 2023, the number of
annual active users (those who made one or more actual purchase(s) in the past 12 months) of the Group’s
direct online stores exceeded 130 million. The Group’s pharmaceutical direct sales business currently serves 75
million members, representing an increase of 47.4% year-on-year. The number of annual active users (those
who made one or more actual purchase(s) on the platform within the past 12 months) of Tmall Healthcare
Platform reached nearly 300 million as at March 31, 2023. Following the continuous increase of the yearly
consumption amount of healthcare products per capita, Tmall Healthcare Platform served over 28,000
merchants as at March 31, 2023, representing an increase of over 2,000 compared with the number as at
March 31, 2022. In terms of warehousing and logistics, the Group has further improved its smart supply chain
system. As at the end of the Reporting Period, the Group established a distribution network of 39 warehouses in
22 locations. With the application of smart tools, the Group has greatly improved its warehousing operation
capacity and efficiency. On the customer service front, the Group continued to improve its 24/7
departmental-based capabilities in providing guidance for the use of medication and upgraded its epidemic
service assurance system, which led to a noticeable elevation in user satisfaction. In terms of healthcare
services, as at the end of the Reporting Period, nearly 200,000 licensed physicians, pharmacists and nutritionists
contracted with the Group to provide online health consultation services, representing an increase of nearly
40,000 professionals (including those from Xiaolu TCM, as compared with the number as at March 31, 2022,
with online consultation services reaching an average of over 400,000 sessions per day.

     As the flagship healthcare platform of Alibaba Group, the Group upholds its original intention to make
healthcare services accessible. The Group will continue to consolidate and strengthen its existing business
foundations in healthcare, explore innovative business models, actively foster innovative business ventures in
the industry and prepare for the future to align with the evolving needs of its customers, while maintaining high
standards of compliance and quality control. The Group will utilize its leading digital technology and digital
operation capabilities, with “cloud-based infrastructure” as the foundation, “cloud-based pharmacy” as the
core, and “cloud-based hospital” as the engine to provide affordable, convenient, efficient and reliable
medical and healthcare services to hundreds of millions of families.

Pharmaceutical E-commerce Business

     The customer-centric pharmaceutical e-commerce business of the Group makes full use of its brand
advantages and resources accumulated over the years. Building on its strengths in e-commerce, big data and
cloud computing, the Group actively expands cooperations with recognized upstream pharmaceutical,
nutritional and healthcare product manufacturers and distributors through a synergetic operation model that
integrates its pharmaceutical direct sales business, the Tmall Healthcare Platform and its new retail business.
The Group aims to provide a comprehensive suite of Internet integrated healthcare management solutions for
users with healthcare needs. During the Reporting Period, the pharmaceutical e-commerce business continued
to promote the construction of its omni-category and omni-scenario healthcare and pharmaceutical service
platform.




                                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   07
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

•    Pharmaceutical Direct Sales Business

     Adhering to its operation motto that highlights “authenticity, affordability, professionalism and reliability”,
the Group’s pharmaceutical direct sales business is committed to providing consumers from Tmall, Taobao,
Alipay, Taobao Deals, Ele.me and Kaola with comprehensive and affordable healthcare services, including
prescription drugs, over-the-counter (OTC) drugs, nutritional supplements, medical devices and contact lenses.
Leveraging on the Group’s competitive edge in operation and brand strengths, as well as the high execution
efficiency of its workforce, the pharmaceutical direct sales business recorded a revenue of RMB23,591.6 million
during the Reporting Period, representing an increase of 31.7% year-on-year. As at March 31, 2023, the number
of annual active users (those who made one or more actual purchase(s) in the past 12 months) of the Group’s
direct online stores exceeded 130 million, representing an increase of over 20 million as compared with the
number as at March 31, 2022. The Group’s pharmaceutical direct sales business currently serves 75 million
members, representing an increase of 47.4% year-on-year.

     As the general public becomes increasingly health conscious, the Group continues to create growth
opportunities for the healthcare industry by capturing user needs and promoting mutual growth with
pharmaceutical companies. In the field of prescription drugs, the Group’s pharmaceutical direct sales business
continued to engage well-known pharmaceutical companies worldwide for all-round strategic partnerships.
During the Reporting Period, leveraging on its leading digital technologies, the Group’s pharmaceutical direct
sales business collaborated with hundreds of pharmaceutical companies, including Novartis China, Pfizer,
Servier and Haisco, and established 19 “Health Care Centres”^ (健康關愛中心) to provide patients with full chain
omni-scenario services that cover digitalized healthcare education, prevention, treatment, guidance on the use
of medication and health management. In terms of the non-pharmaceutical categories, the Group’s
pharmaceutical direct sales business has always adhered to the business philosophy of providing its users with
one-stop access to a full range of healthcare products in a safe manner. During the Reporting Period, the
Group continued to enrich its supply of non-pharmaceutical categories by undertaking in-depth cooperations
with more than 3,000 brands which have strengths in brand marketing, operations and supply chain, leading to
continuous improvement in user experience. The Group continued to improve and deliver remarkable results in
its supporting infrastructure and service capabilities in warehousing, logistics and customer services. In terms of
warehousing and logistics, the Group has further improved its smart supply chain system. As at March 31, 2023,
the Group established a distribution network of 39 warehouses in 22 locations. With the application of smart
tools, the Group has greatly improved its warehousing operation capacity and efficiency. On the customer
service front, the Group continued to improve its 24/7 departmental-based capabilities in providing guidance
for the use of medication and upgraded its epidemic service assurance system, which led to a noticeable
elevation in user satisfaction. Furthermore, relying on its strong supply chain fulfillment capabilities, its leading
position in digital technology, and advantages resulted from its comprehensive product offerings, the Group
supported the timely delivery of medicines and medical supplies in more than 20 regions across cities and
provinces in China with the guidance from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology of the PRC and
various local governments of the PRC. By taking on the challenging task of ensuring the supply of medical
supplies and reducing barriers faced by the public to access pharmaceutical products, the Group focused on
providing local residents with antipyretic drugs, N95 respirators, as well as other drugs and items which are in
short supply.




08   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

•    Pharmaceutical E-Commerce Platform Business — Tmall Healthcare Platform

     As a leading pharmaceutical and healthcare products service platform in China, Tmall Healthcare Platform
continued to leverage its digital capabilities during the Reporting Period, as it collaborated with partners to
jointly explore new development trends within the sector, and to provide a wide spectrum of users with
accessible and quality healthcare services. As at March 31, 2023, the number of annual active users (those who
made one or more actual purchase(s) within the past 12 months) on the Tmall Healthcare Platform reached
nearly 300 million and the yearly consumption amount of healthcare products per capita continued to increase.
Additionally, Tmall Healthcare Platform served over 28,000 merchants. In light of rising demands for healthcare
consumption in the post-pandemic era, the Group will continue to focus on user refinement operation, assist its
partners in exploring new growth engines, and revitalize the healthcare sector for new momentum. In terms of
pharmaceutical services, Tmall Healthcare Platform launched its “elderly version” in collaboration with Taobao
to provide elderly users with exclusive customer services during the 11.11 Global Shopping Festival, allowing the
elderly to enjoy a better online drug purchase experience. In terms of the non-pharmaceutical categories, by
capturing consumer demands and observing the new trends in healthcare products, the Group provided
comprehensive support to nurture the healthcare food business segment through the launch of the “Blue Cap
Incubation Program”^ (藍帽子護航計劃) and assisted its merchants to grow in this category. Regarding the home
devices categories, Tmall Healthcare Platform has successively published professional guidelines for many
sub-categories (such as nasal washer and pelvic floor rehabilitation devices) to promote user education on
trending categories. Over the past three years, Tmall Healthcare Platform successfully developed 10 new
categories of over RMB5 billion in value, including, among others, color contact lenses, blood glucose supplies,
medical patch materials, moxibustion and mugwort products. Tmall Healthcare Platform has become the
preferred platform sought by brands to develop trending categories and achieve sustainable development.

•    Pharmaceutical E-commerce Platform Business — New Retail Model

     Keeping abreast of China’s latest national policies and relying on its accumulated operational experience
and capabilities from implementing online medical insurance and dual-channel medical insurance, the Group
continues to enrich its online-to-offline service application that integrates “medication + medical care +
medical insurance” with the support of industry-leading technologies. Relying on the continuous improvement
in its professional service capabilities, the Group aims to provide its users with additional guidance on
medication and health management, so as to make it more convenient for the public to seek medical
consultation and purchase medicine, and make medical insurance more affordable and accessible to the
public.




                                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   09
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Healthcare and Digital Services Business

     During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to enhance user experience of the professional
healthcare services by providing its users with a seamless online-to-offline system of healthcare services
(including, among others, traditional Chinese medicine (“TCM”), medical checkups, nucleic acid testing, medical
consultation, appointment-booking, vaccination, dental care, mental care, optometry and nursing) through a
variety of terminals such as Tmall, Taobao, Alipay, “Dr. Deer” APP, AMap, DingTalk, Freshippo and Quark. As at
March 31, 2023, nearly 200,000 licensed physicians, pharmacists and nutritionists contracted with the Group to
provide online health consultation services, representing an increase of nearly 40,000 professionals (including
those from Xiaolu TCM) as compared with the number as at March 31, 2022. As at March 31, 2023, the Group’s
online consultation services reported an average of over 400,000 sessions per day. During the Reporting Period,
revenue generated from the healthcare and digital services business amounted to RMB933.5 million,
representing an increase of 45.7% year-on-year.

•    Healthcare Services

     Leveraging on its Internet hospitals as a network, the Group has fully utilized its technical advantages to
improve the efficiency of medical services, optimize service process and enhance medical supply capabilities.
Through the launch of service offerings including online consultation, prescription refill, discounted medication,
targeted education, precise follow-up visits, companion support and after-sales support services in Internet
hospitals, the Group has established a new service portal for chronic disease patients, doctors and
pharmaceutical companies. As at March 31, 2023, the Group served nearly nine million chronic disease users for
the financial year, an increase of 35% year-on-year, with the per capita length of medication use on a rapid
rise year-on-year. In addition to having developed their competencies in patient management covering 17 core
disease areas, including, among others, respiratory, neurology, hepatitis B and enteral nutrition, the Internet
hospitals within the Group’s network have also formed cooperations with dozens of well-known domestic and
foreign pharmaceutical companies, such as Organon, UCB and LEO Pharma. Not only did the Group record a
significant increase in the number of partnerships as compared with the number during the year ended March
31, 2022 (the ”Corresponding Period”), the Internet hospitals were also well received by its pharmaceutical
partners.

     During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to improve the full chain of experience before, during
and after vaccination, and expanded the scope of quality vaccine supply services. Through cooperations with
thousands of vaccination clinics, the Group served tens of millions of users by providing them with education on
vaccination, as well as appointment by sessions, making the Group one of the leading online platforms for
vaccination services in China. As at March 31, 2023, the Group partnered with over 7,000 public and private
medical checkup institutions. In addition to offering users from multiple terminals (including, among others,
Tmall, Alipay, “Dr. Deer” APP, Freshippo and AMap) consumer-grade and professional/medical-grade medical
checkup services, the Group also recommended customized online add-ons to cater for different demographic
characteristics, allowing its users to access personalized and comprehensive healthcare management services.




10   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     In terms of TCM services, Xiaolu TCM has always adhered to the philosophy of “reliable Chinese
medicine”. Xiaolu TCM aims to support the “Healthy China”^ (健康中國) ambition by facilitating TCM medical
services through the “Internet +” model continuously and further expanding its online and offline medical
service network to establish a closed-loop system covering all TCM medical services. During the Reporting
Period, in order to help more patients find reputable practitioners close by and enjoy quality medical services,
Xiaolu TCM released the “2023 Gold Bianque Top 100 TCM Practitioners List”^ (2023金扁鵲中醫百強榜) in its
capacity as the officially-designated platform. Xiaolu TCM also launched a video consultation function to bring
patients and doctors the same experience as they would expect in a consultation room. As at March 31, 2023,
Xiaolu TCM had more than 100,000 registered TCM practitioners, having served nearly one million patients
during the Reporting Period and further improved its drug service network, and its dispensing centers covered
25 regions across different provinces and direct-administered municipalities.

•    Digital Tracking Business

     During the Reporting Period, the Group’s proprietary “Ma Shang Fang Xin”^ (碼上放心) tracking platform
business continued to maintain a steady pace of development. As a pioneer in the field of drug tracking, the
Group follows the strengthened implementation of China’s drug tracking policy for key drug varieties across the
entire chain, and the “Ma Shang Fang Xin” platform has further launched its full chain coverage over drug
production, distribution, retail terminal pharmacies and healthcare institutions. As at March 31, 2023, based on
the “one object, one code” product operation and digital service capacity, the “Ma Shang Fang Xin” platform
cooperated with more than 300 top pharmaceutical companies to provide them with doctor-patient education
and digital marketing services as well as intensified cooperation with more than 50 pharmaceutical companies
to develop digitalized channel management through the use of tracking code.

Public Service

     At the end of 2022, following the enhanced epidemic prevention and control policies against COVID-19,
the Group actively responded to the requests from medical treatment team under the State Council’s Joint
Prevention and Control Mechanism and launched the “Peace of Mind Action”^ (安心行動). By introducing five
reassuring measures, namely fever consultation, care for emotional wellbeing, chronic disease protection,
medication consultation and “Ma Shang Fang Xin”, the Group provided its users with professional support and
caring companionship. Building on this foundation, the Group launched two initiatives with Alibaba Foundation
to provide epidemic-related support in rural areas across China: a free COVID-19 online medical consultation for
rural residents and internal immigrants in China, and a training scheme for grassroot doctors. The Group also
donated medical supplies and equipment to rural clinics in the counties to which its rural development
ambassadors were dispatched, ensuring full access to antipyretic drugs for over 5,000 rural clinics.




                                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   11
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

      During the 11.11 Global Shopping Festival, Alibaba Health Philanthropy launched the “Hearing Aid
Scheme”^ (助聽行動) in collaboration with Tmall Healthcare Platform, professional hearing aid brands such as
Eartech^ (摯聽) and Fucong^ (復聰), as well as China Social Welfare Foundation and Alibaba Foundation. This
scheme has helped the elderly find professional and reliable medical solutions to their hearing problem
through the provision of online-to-offline hearing test consultations and scientific education. Alibaba Health
Philanthropy also joined hands with Alibaba Foundation and China Association of County Hospital President to
launch supportive initiatives featuring interventional cardiology in counties such as Qinglong Manchu
Autonomous County in Hebei province, and Yongshun County in Hunan province’s Xiangxi prefecture. As at
March 31, 2023, the Group assisted in training a total of 3,744 interventional cardiologists with cumulative
online learning time exceeding 86,000 hours. “Xiao Lu Lantern”^ (小鹿燈) Children’s Serious Disease Relief
Platform has also made rapid progress. As at March 31, 2023, the platform held 37 free medical consultation
sessions covering over 410 towns in 31 counties in 15 provinces, over 14,000 children were identified through
free screening, campus screening, as well as reports filed at both county and foundation-supported hospital
levels.

Future Prospects

      As a technology innovation company rooted deeply in the Internet industry, the Group always places user
value at its core, and strives to maintain high standards of compliance and quality control. By utilizing the
Internet technologies and other technological innovations, the Group works closely with its partners in the
ecosystem to explore opportunities within the Internet healthcare and digital health fields, and customize health
management solutions of greater efficiency and accuracy for its users to improve their health and quality of life.

      In terms of the pharmaceutical e-commerce business, Tmall Healthcare Platform will further leverage on its
digital capabilities to address the need of its growing user base for healthcare services of greater convenience
and better quality, and cooperate with partners to explore new trends in the industry so as to accelerate
sectoral development. In addition, the Group’s pharmaceutical direct sales business will continue to observe and
understand user needs, and integrate the Internet technological capabilities with the product offerings of
pharmaceutical companies, thereby improving its coverage to patients and management efficiency, creating
growth opportunities and hence making medical resources more accessible. With a deep insight into the
Internet healthcare industry, the Group will continue to explore and practice in the healthcare services industry
and enhance its professional healthcare service capabilities. In order to make vaccination more accessible, the
Group will continue to expand the scope of its vaccine supply, promote scientific education among its users,
and enhance the digital competence of its vaccination services. Additionally, the Group will strengthen
collaboration with partners from the Alibaba ecosystem, undertake in-depth cooperations on localized services
such as medical checkups and examinations to provide users with multi-level and diversified healthcare
services.




12   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     As a leading player in the healthcare services industry, the Group will take the initiative to keep abreast of
the latest policy developments, uphold its original intention to make healthcare services accessible, and build a
one-stop healthcare system that combines both online-to-offline services with a focus on its users’ underlying
needs. The Group aims at utilizing its leading digital technology and digital operation capabilities, with
“cloud-based infrastructure” as the foundation, “cloud-based pharmacy” as the core, and “cloud-based
hospital” as the engine to provide affordable, convenient, efficient and reliable medical and healthcare services
to hundreds of millions of families.


FINANCIAL REVIEW

     The key financial data of the Group for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 is summarized as
follows:

                                                                           2023                    2022                 Change
                                                                      RMB’000                  RMB’000                           %


     Revenue                                                       26,763,016               20,577,616                         30.1
     Gross profit                                                   5,701,334                4,107,993                         38.8
     Gross profit margin                                                  21.3%                   20.0%                        N/A
     Fulfillment                                                   (2,907,137)              (2,097,287)                        38.6
     Sales and marketing expenses                                  (1,768,675)              (1,981,279)                    (10.7)
     Administrative expenses                                          (379,487)                (395,082)                       (3.9)
     Product development expenses                                     (677,822)                (728,828)                       (7.0)
     Other income and gains                                            618,069                  899,494                    (31.3)
     Share of profits of joint ventures                                  48,981                    1,269                3,759.8
     Share of losses of associates                                     (37,600)                 (46,889)                   (19.8)
     Income tax expense                                                (16,731)                 (13,427)                       24.6
     Profit/(Loss) for the year                                        534,263                 (265,941)                       N/A
     NON-HKFRS ADJUSTMENTS
     Adjusted net profit/(loss)                                        751,369                 (394,259)                       N/A


—    Revenue

     Revenue of the Group for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB26,763,016,000, representing an increase
of RMB6,185,400,000 or 30.1% as compared with RMB20,577,616,000 for the Corresponding Period. The increase
in revenue was mainly attributable to the rapid growth of the pharmaceutical direct sales business and
healthcare and digital services business during the Reporting Period.




                                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report    13
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

—    Pharmaceutical Direct Sales Business

     The pharmaceutical direct sales business of the Group primarily comprises the direct business-to-customer
(“B2C”) retail and advertisement related business. During the Reporting Period, the overall revenue from the
pharmaceutical direct sales business reached RMB23,591,577,000, representing an increase of 31.7%
year-on-year. The growth in revenue from the pharmaceutical direct sales business was mainly attributable to
the constant enrichment of categories of goods sold through the direct B2C retail and stock keeping units
(“SKUs”), the increased sales volume of prescription drugs driven by in-depth cooperation with pharmaceutical
companies, as well as the continuous optimization of user experience by adopting a number of measures, such
as improving information security and providing more professional consultation services.

—    Pharmaceutical E-commerce Platform Business

     The pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business of the Group comprises the e-commerce platform
business acquired from Alibaba Group (including categories of, among others, pharmaceutical products,
healthcare food, medical devices, adult and family planning products, contact lenses, and medical and
healthcare services and other categories of e-commerce platform business), and the provision of outsourced
services to Tmall Healthcare Platform (in respect of categories other than those that have already been
acquired) and the new pharmaceutical retail business. During the Reporting Period, the total revenue of the
above businesses amounted to RMB2,237,953,000, representing an increase of 10.5% year-on-year.

—    Healthcare and Digital Services Business

     During the Reporting Period, the Group continued to penetrate the areas of Internet healthcare and
healthcare service, and leveraged on the ability of Alibaba’s ecosystem to acquire user traffic, offer multilevel,
diversified, professional and convenient medical and healthcare services, including medical checkups, nucleic
acid testing, medical consultation, appointment-booking, vaccination and TCM, to end users from a wide range
of channels, such as Taobao, Tmall, Alipay, “Dr. Deer” APP, AMap, DingTalk and Quark, with seamless
online-to-offline operation. Digital services business includes tracking business and “Ma Shang Fang Xin”, the
Group’s proprietary tracking platform, continued to grow steadily, by offering more value-added services with
further penetration into the area of distribution and increasing the coverage of retail terminals. During the
Reporting Period, the Group recorded a revenue of RMB933,486,000 from the healthcare and digital services
business, representing an growth of 45.7% year-on-year.




14   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
             MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

—     Gross profit and gross profit margin

      The Group recorded a gross profit of RMB5,701,334,000 for the Reporting Period, representing an increase
of RMB1,593,341,000 or 38.8% from RMB4,107,993,000 for the Corresponding Period. Gross profit margin for the
Reporting Period was 21.3%, representing an increase as compared with 20.0% for the Corresponding Period.
This was mainly attributable to the Group’s penetration in the areas of operation refinement and digital
upgrades during the Reporting Period, resulting in an optimization in operating efficiency and an improvement
in pricing capabilities.

—     Other income and gains

      Other income and gains for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB618,069,000, which primarily comprised
interest income and gain on disposal of investments incurred during the year. The decrease from
RMB899,494,000 for the Corresponding Period was mainly due to the decrease in gain on disposal of
investments and fair value gain on financial assets at FVPL.

—     Fulfillment

      Warehousing, logistics and customer service expenses, commissions on the Tmall Healthcare Platform,
payment of handling fees and relevant staff costs incurred by the Group’s pharmaceutical direct sales business
were included in fulfillment costs. Fulfillment costs for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB2,907,137,000,
representing an increase of RMB809,850,000 or 38.6% from RMB2,097,287,000 for the Corresponding Period.
During the Reporting Period, fulfillment costs as a proportion of the revenue generated from pharmaceutical
direct sales business increased by approximately 0.6% to 12.3%, as compared with 11.7% for the Corresponding
Period, mainly due to the rise in fulfillment costs during the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, activities such as
single packaging were launched during the year to optimize user experience and the fulfillment rate increased
as the amount of individual orders decreased. The fulfilment rate for the Reporting Period after excluding the
impact of COVID-19 and operational activities, is roughly the same as the Corresponding Period.

—     Sales and marketing expenses

      Sales and marketing expenses for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB1,768,675,000, representing a
decrease of RMB212,604,000 or 10.7% as compared with RMB1,981,279,000 for the Corresponding Period. The
decrease was mainly attributable to the optimization of marketing and advertising strategies, and the Group’s
adjustment in the investment for developing the brand awareness of Tmall Healthcare Platform and
pharmaceutical direct sales business.

—     Administrative expenses

      Administrative expenses for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB379,487,000, representing a decrease of
RMB15,595,000 or 3.9% as compared with RMB395,082,000 for the Corresponding Period, benefiting from cost
controls and the continuing effect of the economies of scale.




                                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   15
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

—    Product development expenses

     Product development expenses for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB677,822,000, representing a
decrease of RMB51,006,000 or 7.0% as compared with RMB728,828,000 for the Corresponding Period, which was
due to optimization of cost controls and research and development strategies during the Reporting Period.

—    Share of profits of joint ventures

     Share of profits of joint ventures represents the share of net operating results of the joint venture held as
to 13.7% by the Group, Jiangsu Zijin Hongyun Health Industry Investment Partnership (Limited Partnership)^ (江
蘇紫金弘雲健康產業投資合夥企業（有限合夥）). For the Reporting Period, the Group’s share of profits of joint
ventures was RMB48,981,000, as compared with RMB1,269,000 for the Corresponding Period.

—    Share of losses of associates

     The Group actively invests in the healthcare segment. The Group’s share of losses of associates for the
Reporting Period amounted to RMB37,600,000, representing a decrease of RMB9,289,000 as compared with the
losses of RMB46,889,000 recorded for the Corresponding Period. Share of losses of associates for the year was
mainly attributable to the fact that the progress of projects undertaken by some of the Group’s associates
engaged in providing services to hospitals was delayed due to the impact of COVID-19, and that some
associates were still at the transformation or growing stage.

—	Non-Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standard indicator in relation to profit/loss for the year: Adjusted
     net profit/loss

     The Group’s profit for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB534,263,000, as compared with a loss of
RMB265,941,000 for the Corresponding Period. The Group’s adjusted net profit for the Reporting Period
amounted to RMB751,369,000, as compared with an adjusted net loss of RMB394,259,000 for the Corresponding
Period. Adjusted net profit/(loss) is based on the profit/(loss) for the corresponding period after excluding
non-operating profit or loss items such as share-based compensation expenses, change in fair value of
financial assets at FVPL (non-current portion), gain or loss on disposal of subsidiaries (net of tax), and gain or
loss on deemed disposal of associates (net of tax). The adjusted net profit/loss for the Reporting Period
achieved a turnaround from loss to profit, mainly attributable to the continuous growth in the number of users
on pharmaceutical direct sales business platforms, the operation refinement of the Group’s business which has
improved its bargaining and pricing capabilities and enhanced its operational efficiency, and the improvement
in efficiency and cost sharing driven by the economies of scale on the platform.




16   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

     To supplement the Group’s consolidated financial statements presented in accordance with Hong Kong
Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”), the Group has also reported its adjusted net profit/(loss), which is
not required under, or presented in accordance with, HKFRSs, as an additional financial indicator. The Group
believes that presenting the non-HKFRS indicator together with the relevant HKFRS indicator will facilitate
investors to compare its operational performance across various periods by removing the potential impact of
items which its management considers as not indicative of its operational performance. The Group believes that
the non-HKFRS indicator provides investors and others with helpful information to understand and assess its
consolidated operational results in the same way that its management does. However, the presentation of
adjusted net (loss)/profit may not be comparable with similar indicators presented by other companies. Such
non-HKFRS indicator has its limitations as an analytical tool, and it should not be considered as being
independent of the operational results or financial position presented under HKFRSs, or as a substitute for
analyzing the relevant operational results or financial position. In addition, the definition of such non-HKFRS
indicator may differ from the definitions of similar indicators used by other companies.

     The adjusted net profit/loss for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 set out in the table below
represents adjustments to the most direct and comparable financial indicator calculated and presented in
accordance with HKFRSs (i.e. profit/loss for the year):

                                                                                               For the year ended
                                                                                                     March 31,
                                                                                                   2023                        2022
                                                                                              RMB’000                  RMB’000


     Profit/(loss)for the year                                                                 534,263                 (265,941)
     Excluding
     — Share-based compensation                                                                308,890                  408,098
     — Fair value gain on financial assets at FVPL, net of tax                                 (43,834)               (155,024)
     — Gain on deemed disposal of interests in associates, net of tax                          (32,123)               (381,392)
     — Gain on disposal of associates, net of tax                                               (17,135)                         —
     — Gain on disposal of subsidiaries, net of tax                                               1,308                          —


     Adjusted net profit/(loss)                                                                751,369                 (394,259)




                                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report    17
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

FINANCIAL RESOURCES, LIQUIDITY AND FOREIGN EXCHANGE
EXPOSURES

     For the Reporting Period, the Group met its cash requirements primarily through cash generated from
operating activities. The Group’s cash and cash equivalents represent cash and bank balances. As at March 31,
2023 and March 31, 2022, the Group’s cash and cash equivalents amounted to RMB10,917,171,000 and
RMB10,547,851,000, respectively.

     Cash flows of the Group for the years ended March 31, 2023 and 2022 were as follows:

                                                                                      For the year ended
                                                                                           March 31,
                                                                                         2023                2022
                                                                                     RMB’000              RMB’000


     Net cash flows generated from operating activities                               255,690             424,363
     Net cash flows (used in)/generated from investing activities                    (532,436)           1,872,308
     Net cash flows used in financing activities                                     (111,278)             (58,628)
     Net (decrease)/increase in cash and cash equivalents                            (388,024)           2,238,043
     Cash and cash equivalents at the beginning of the year                         9,341,427            7,252,275
     Effects of exchange rate changes                                                 283,447             (148,891)
     Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year                               9,236,850            9,341,427
     Non-pledged time deposits with a holding period of
         over three months                                                          1,680,321            1,206,424


     Cash and cash equivalents at the end of the year as stated in the
         consolidated financial statements                                         10,917,171           10,547,851


Net cash flows generated from operating activities

     For the Reporting Period, net cash flows generated from operating activities amounted to RMB255,690,000,
primarily attributable to profit before income tax from continuing operations of RMB550,994,000, as adjusted by:
(i) non-cash or non-operating activities expense items, which primarily comprised the addition of share-based
compensation expenses of RMB308,890,000, and the deduction of bank and other interest income of
RMB331,588,000; (ii) changes in working capital, which primarily comprised an increase in trade and bills
payables of RMB186,711,000, an increase in prepayments, other receivables of RMB214,854,000, an increase in
other payables and accruals of RMB89,082,000, an increase in contract liabilities of RMB234,388,000, an
increase in inventories of RMB711,694,000; and (iii) addition of interest received of RMB274,168,000.




18   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
            MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

Net cash flows generated from investing activities

     For the Reporting Period, net cash used in investing activities amounted to RMB532,436,000, which was
primarily attributable to the increase of the time deposits with original maturity of over three months of
RMB376,766,000, net cash used in the payment of acquisition activities of RMB77,326,000 and net cash used in
the purchase of financial assets at FVPL of RMB142,420,000 during the Reporting Period.

Net cash flows used in financing activities

     For the Reporting Period, net cash flows used in financing activities was RMB111,278,000, which was
primarily attributable to the principal portion of lease payments of RMB42,586,000 and the payment of
RMB81,582,000 for repurchase of shares of the Company (the “Shares“) by the trustee of the share award
scheme of the Company (the “Share Award Scheme“) during the Reporting Period.

Gearing ratio

     As at March 31, 2023, the Group did not have any borrowings, and hence no gearing ratio was shown
(March 31, 2022: Nil).

Charged on assets and contingent liabilities

     As at March 31, 2023, the Group did not have any material contingent liabilities and had not pledged any
Group assets for bank loans and banking facilities.

Liquidity

     The Group’s operations and transactions are principally conducted in the PRC. The Group prudently
managed its treasury functions and maintained a healthy liquidity position throughout the Reporting Period. The
Board closely monitors the Group’s liquidity position to ensure that the liquidity structure of our assets,
liabilities and other commitments can meet the Group’s funding requirements from time to time.

Foreign exchange exposures

     Except for a certain amount of bank balances and cash, most of the Group’s bank balances and cash are
placed in fixed deposits and are denominated in Hong Kong dollars, Renminbi and United States dollars, while
other assets and liabilities are mainly denominated in either Hong Kong dollars or Renminbi. The Group
changed its presentation currency from Hong Kong dollars to Renminbi starting from the year ended March 31,
2016 to better reflect its operations in the PRC and to be consistent with the internal reporting portfolio
reviewed by the Directors. The Group does not have foreign exchange hedging policy, but the management will
continue to closely monitor exchange rate fluctuations and will take appropriate measures to keep foreign
exchange risk exposure to the minimum. The Group does not use any financial instruments for hedging
purposes.




                                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   19
MANAGEMENT DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS

EMPLOYEES AND REMUNERATION POLICIES

        The number of full-time employees of the Group as at March 31, 2023 was 1,560 (March 31, 2022: 1,870).
Total staff costs of the Group for the Reporting Period amounted to RMB1,223.0 million (for the Corresponding
Period: RMB1,303.2 million). All staff employed by the Group in Hong Kong participated in the Mandatory
Provident Fund Scheme.

        The Group’s policy is to maintain a competitive pay structure and its employees are rewarded based on
their performance.

        The Group also adopted the Share Award Scheme as approved by the shareholders of the Company (the
“Shareholders”) on November 24, 2014. Pursuant to the Share Award Scheme, the Board may grant awards
(the “Share Awards”) in the form of restricted share units (“RSUs”) or options to eligible participants, including
the Directors, the directors of the Company’s subsidiaries, the employees of the Group or any other persons
who, as determined by the Board in its absolute discretion, have contributed or will contribute to the Group. The
Share Award Scheme was adopted before the effective date of the new Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules. The
Company will comply with the new Chapter 17 in accordance with the transitional arrangements for the existing
share scheme.


SIGNIFICANT INVESTMENTS, MATERIAL ACQUISITIONS AND DISPOSALS
OF SUBSIDIARIES, ASSOCIATES AND JOINT VENTURES

        During the Reporting Period, the Group did not purchase any short-term and liquid investments and
financial assets. The Company has its own treasury policy setting out the selection guidelines and relevant
approval procedures for acceptable short-term investments and financial assets with reference to its risk
management policy. According to such treasury policy, the Company can invest in products including non-
equity financial asset investments with strong liquidity which can be realized either at any time or within a short
period of time. According to the Company’s prevailing approval procedures, any investment decision related to
financial assets shall be approved by the financial and treasury manager of the Company, and shall,
depending on the size of the investment, be approved by the financial controller or chief financial officer. As at
March 31, 2023, the Company did not have any short-term investment at FVPL (balance as at March 31, 2022:
Nil).

        During the Reporting Period, the Group did not have any significant investments nor did the Group carry
out any material acquisition and disposal of subsidiaries, associates and joint ventures.


IMPORTANT EVENTS OCCURRED SINCE MARCH 31, 2023

        There was no important event affecting the Group which occurred after March 31, 2023 and up to the
date of this report.




^ For identification purposes only




20      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     The Board of Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited presents its report and the audited financial
statements for the Reporting Period.


PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES
      The Company is an investment holding company and the Group is primarily engaged in the
pharmaceutical direct sales business, pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business and healthcare and digital
services business.


BUSINESS REVIEW
Review of Business

      A review of the Group’s business, including the principal risks and uncertainties faced by such business
are described under the paragraph headed “4. Disclosure of Material Risks” in the section headed “Risk
Management and Internal Control” of this report on pages 85 to 87 and the paragraph headed “Risks
associated with the Contractual Arrangements and the actions taken by the Group to mitigate the risks” in the
section headed “Directors’ Report” of this report on pages 54 to 55, and its possible future development are
described under the paragraph headed “5. Outlook and Key Actions for FY2024” in the section headed “Risk
Management and Internal Control” of this report on page 88.

Analysis of Performance and Financial Position

      The key financial figures and financial position of the Group for the Reporting Period and the relevant
analysis are set out under the paragraphs headed “Financial Review” and “Financial Resources, Liquidity and
Foreign Exchange Exposures”, respectively, in the section headed “Management Discussion and Analysis” of
this report on pages 13 to 17 and pages 18 to 19, respectively.

Environmental Policies and Performance

      The Group is committed to promoting environmentally friendly business practices and raising awareness
on the conservation of natural resources. By utilizing intranet systems, our staff can accomplish some of their
administrative work electronically which reduces the use of office supplies. We also encourage prudent
electricity consumption. Our staff are advised to switch off any lights in unoccupied areas. We believe that
taking active measures in minimizing wasteful material and energy consumption in the course of conducting
our business will not only bring economic benefits but also assist in the preservation of the natural
environment.

Compliance with Laws and Regulations

     The Group recognizes the importance of compliance with legal and regulatory requirements. Internal
compliance and risk management policies and procedures are in place to ensure the Group’s adherence and
compliance with all significant and applicable legal and regulatory requirements in Hong Kong and the PRC.
During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, to the best knowledge of the Directors, the Group
has complied in all material respects with the applicable laws and regulations of Hong Kong and the PRC which
have a significant impact on the business and operations of the Group, including in respect of its principal
businesses (namely the pharmaceutical direct sales business, pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business
and healthcare and digital services business), its employment and labor practices and environmental
protection, etc. The Group has also obtained all licenses, approvals and permits from the relevant regulatory
authorities that are material for its business operations in the PRC.


                                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   21
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Relationships with Key Stakeholders

     The Group’s success depends on the support from the key stakeholders which include its employees,
customers and suppliers.

Employees

     Employees are regarded as the most important and valuable assets of the Group. The number of full-time
employees of the Group as at March 31, 2023 was 1,560 (1,870 as at March 31, 2022). The Group’s policy is to
maintain a competitive pay structure and employees are rewarded based on their performance and with
appropriate incentives including cash bonuses and through the use of the Share Award Scheme, details of
which are set out under the sub-section headed “Share Award Scheme” in this report.

Customers

     The Group believes that effective communications are the key to maintaining a good relationship with its
customers. Various means have been established to strengthen the communications between the Group and its
customers, including seeking more regular feedback through direct engagement with customers and also
through industry seminars and forums for better understanding of industry trends and demands. The Group
continually strives to improve service quality and to provide better customer experience.

Suppliers

     Sound relationships with key suppliers of the Group are important in managing the supply chain, meeting
business challenges and complying with regulatory requirements, which can drive cost effectiveness and foster
long-term business benefits. We seek to develop long-standing relationships with our key suppliers and to
explore with them ways to improve supply chain efficiencies.


RESULTS AND DIVIDENDS
     The Group’s financial performance for the Reporting Period and the financial position of the Group as at
that date are set out in the financial statements on pages 96 to 101.

     The Board does not recommend the payment of a final dividend for the Reporting Period (for the
Corresponding Period: Nil).


SUMMARY FINANCIAL INFORMATION

     A summary of the published results and assets, liabilities and non-controlling interests of the Group for the
last five financial years, as extracted from the audited financial statements and restated as appropriate, is set
out on page 210. This summary does not form part of the audited financial statements.




22   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                                                   DIRECTORS’ REPORT

SHARE CAPITAL, SHARE OPTIONS AND RSUs

     Details of movements in the Company’s share capital, share options and RSUs during the Reporting Period
are set out in notes 28 to 29 to the consolidated financial statements.


PURCHASE, REDEMPTION OR SALE OF LISTED SECURITIES OF THE
COMPANY

     During the Reporting Period, neither the Company nor any of its subsidiaries purchased, redeemed or sold
any of the Company’s listed securities, except that in October 2022, a trustee of the Share Award Scheme
purchased a total of 25,258,000 shares of the Company on the market for a total consideration of
HK$90,000,000 (equivalent to RMB81,582,000), to satisfy the share awards granted under the Share Award
Scheme to the non-connected employees of the Company upon vesting.


ISSUE FOR CASH OF EQUITY SECURITIES

Placing of New Shares under General Mandate

     On August 5, 2020, the Company entered into a placing agreement (the “Placing Agreement”) with
Citigroup Global Markets Limited and Credit Suisse (Hong Kong) Limited (the “Placing Agents”) in relation to
the placing of an aggregate of 498,753,118 new ordinary shares of the Company (the “Placing Share(s)”) at
the placing price of HK$20.05 per Placing Share (exclusive of brokerage, transaction levy of the Securities and
Futures Commission and trading fee of the Stock Exchange payable by the purchasers) (the “Placing Price”) on
the terms and conditions set out in the Placing Agreement (the “Placing”). The aggregate nominal value of the
Placing Shares was HK$4,987,531.18. The Placing Price of HK$20.05 per Placing Share represents (i) a discount
of approximately 8.03% to the closing price of HK$21.80 per share as quoted on the Stock Exchange on August
4, 2020, being the last trading day immediately prior to the date of the Placing Agreement; and (ii) a discount
of approximately 6.18% to the average closing price of HK$21.37 per share as quoted on the Stock Exchange for
the last five consecutive trading days up to and including August 4, 2020, being the date immediately prior to
the date of the Placing Agreement. The aggregate net proceeds from the Placing was HK$9,964.2 million,
representing a net Placing Price of approximately HK$19.98 per Placing Share. As stated in the daily quotation
sheets issued by the Stock Exchange, on August 5, 2020, being the date which the Placing Agreement was
entered into, the closing price per share was HK$21.25. The Group conducted the Placing based on its insights
into, and optimism for the prospects of, the Internet healthcare industry, as well as the need for the Group to
further develop its healthcare business and continue its rapid development. The Group viewed the Placing as an
opportunity for the Group to raise capital while broadening its shareholder and capital base.

     The Placing was completed on August 12, 2020 (the “Completion Date”), where a total of 498,753,118
new ordinary shares of the Company, representing approximately 3.71% of the total issued share capital of the
Company as at the Completion Date (as enlarged by the allotment and issue of the Placing Shares), have been
successfully placed to not less than six placees at a price of HK$20.05 per Placing Share who are professional,
institutional and/or individual investors. The Placing Shares were allotted and issued under the general
mandate granted by the Shareholders at the annual general meeting of the Company held on July 30, 2020.




                                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   23
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     The aggregate gross proceeds from the Placing amount to approximately HK$10,000.0 million and the
aggregate net proceeds (after deduction of the commissions and expenses relating to the Placing) from the
Placing amount to approximately HK$9,964.2 million (the “Placing Net Proceeds”), representing a net issue
price of approximately HK$19.98 per Placing Share. For further details of the Placing, please refer to the
announcements of the Company dated August 5, 2020 and August 12, 2020 (the “Placing Announcements”).

     As at March 31, 2023, the Group had applied the Placing Net Proceeds as follows:

                                                                   Actual use of         Actual use of
                                        Planned use of Placing       Placing Net           Placing Net                   Expected timeframe of
                                               Net Proceeds as    Proceeds as at      Proceeds for the        Unutilized the full utilization of
                                       disclosed in the Placing        March 31,             Reporting           Placing the unutilized Placing
     Use of Placing Net Proceeds               Announcements                2022                Period     Net Proceeds Net Proceeds(Note)


     Develop the Group’s                        Approximately         HK$2,413.2           HK$1,536.9         HK$4,021.3 March 31, 2024—
        pharmaceutical and                 HK$7,971.4 million—           million              million million—HK$5,017.7    March 31, 2027
        healthcare omni-channel             HK$8,967.8 million                                                   million
        business and medical and
        healthcare services business

     Further develop the Group’s                Approximately             HK$655.1           HK$237.4           HK$103.9 March 31, 2024—
         digital infrastructure and          HK$996.4 million—              million            million million—HK$1,100.3   March 31, 2027
         innovative business                 HK$1,992.8 million                                                   million

     Note:


     The Placing Net Proceeds have been and will be applied in the manner consistent with the use of proceeds as disclosed in the Placing
     Announcements. The expected timeframe for utilizing the Placing Net Proceeds is based on the best estimation of the future market
     conditions made by the Group as at the date of this report. It will be subject to change based on the current and future developments
     of market conditions. The Board considers that the expected timeline of the full utilization of the unutilized Placing Net Proceeds shall be
     within the coming one to four years, which is from March 31, 2024 to March 31, 2027 having taken into account the recent market
     conditions and the business environment and development of the Group. The Company will continue to closely monitor future
     developments in the market and economic environment in order to optimize the Group’s resources and timeframe for the application of
     the unutilized Placing Net Proceeds. The remaining unutilized portion of the Placing Net Proceeds has been deposited in reputable
     banks.


     Save as disclosed above and the options exercised by the relevant grantees under the Share Award
Scheme as disclosed in this report, the Company had not issued for cash any equity securities (including
securities convertible into equity securities) for the Reporting Period and no other proceeds has been brought
forward from any issue of securities for cash as at March 31, 2023.




24   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT

DEBENTURES

     During the Reporting Period, the Company did not issue any debentures.


EQUITY-LINKED AGREEMENTS

     During the Reporting Period, the Company did not enter into any equity-linked agreements in respect of its
shares.


PRE-EMPTIVE RIGHTS

     There are no provisions for pre-emptive rights under the Company’s bye-laws or the laws of Bermuda
which would oblige the Company to offer new shares on a pro rata basis to the existing Shareholders.


DISTRIBUTABLE RESERVES

     The Company did not have any reserves available for distribution at the end of the Reporting Period.
However, the Company’s share premium account, in the amount of approximately RMB43,734,076,000, may be
distributed in the form of fully paid bonus shares.


MAJOR CUSTOMERS AND SUPPLIERS

     During the Reporting Period, sales to the Group’s five largest customers accounted for less than 30% of
the total sales for the year, and purchases from the Group’s five largest suppliers accounted for less than 30%
of the total purchases for the year.


ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL AND GOVERNANCE

     For the purpose of disclosing the environmental, social and governance (the “ESG”) information in
accordance with the ESG Reporting Guide in Appendix 27 to the Listing Rules, the Company has engaged an
external consultant to identify material ESG issues of the Group and assist in the reporting of the Group’s
performance based on its ESG management approach, strategy, priorities and objectives. For details of the
Company’s ESG policies and performance and its compliance with the relevant laws and regulations, please
refer to the Company’s ESG report which will be published separately.




                                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   25
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

DIRECTORS
     The Directors during the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report were:

     Executive Directors:

     Mr. Zhu Shunyan
     Mr. Tu Yanwu
     Mr. Shen Difan

     Non-executive Director:

     Mr. Li Faguang (resigned on May 15, 2023)
     Ms. Huang Jiaojiao (appointed on May 15, 2023)

     Independent Non-executive Directors:

     Mr. Luo Tong
     Mr. Wong King On, Samuel
     Ms. Huang Yi Fei (Vanessa)

      Since the date of the annual report on May 25, 2022 for the Corresponding Period and up to the date of
this report, the changes to the information which are required to be disclosed pursuant to paragraphs (a) to (e)
and (g) of Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules is as below:

     —       Mr. Li Faguang resigned as a non-executive Director, with effect from May 15, 2023.

     —       Ms. Huang Jiaojiao was appointed as a non-executive Director, with effect from May 15, 2023.

      In accordance with bye-law 84(1) and (2) of the bye-laws of the Company, Mr. Tu Yanwu, Mr. Luo Tong
and Mr. Wong King On, Samuel will retire at the forthcoming annual general meeting of the Company (the
“2023 AGM”). Mr. Luo Tong and Mr. Wong King On, Samuel have decided not to stand for re-election at the
2023 AGM and will retire as independent non-executive Directors after the conclusion of the 2023 AGM. The
Board is in the process of identifying suitable candidates to fill the vacancies of Mr. Luo Tong and Mr. Wong
King On, Samuel and will use its best endeavours to ensure that suitable candidates shall be appointed as soon
as practicable. The Company will make further announcement(s) as and when appropriate. Mr. Tu Yanwu being
eligible, will offer himself for re-election at the 2023 AGM. Ms. Huang Jiaojiao, who was appointed as a non-
executive Director on May 15, 2023, shall hold office only until the 2023 AGM in accordance with bye-law 83(2)
of the Bye-Laws. Being eligible, Ms. Huang Jiaojiao will offer herself for re-election at the 2023 AGM.

      The non-executive Director and independent non-executive Directors are appointed for a term of one year.
Their appointment shall be renewable automatically for successive terms of one year each commencing from
the next day after the expiry of the then current term of their appointment unless terminated by the Company in
accordance with the terms of their appointment letters and the provisions of the bye-laws of the Company,
respectively.

      During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, (i) the Company had three independent
non-executive Directors representing at least one-third of the Board; and (ii) the composition of each of the
Board, the audit committee (the “Audit Committee”) and the remuneration committee (the “Remuneration
Committee”) of the Company was fully compliant with Rule 3.10(1), Rule 3.10A, Rule 3.21 and Rule 3.25 of the
Listing Rules. The Company received, from each of the independent non-executive Directors, an annual
confirmation of his or her independence pursuant to Rule 3.13 of the Listing Rules and accordingly considers
them to be independent.




26   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                                                  DIRECTORS’ REPORT

DIRECTORS’ AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT’S BIOGRAPHIES

      Biographical details of the Directors and the senior management of the Group are set out on pages 60 to
63 of this report.

DIRECTORS’ SERVICE CONTRACTS

      No Director proposed for re-election at the forthcoming annual general meeting has a service contract
with the Company which is not determinable by the Company within one year without payment of
compensation, other than statutory compensation.

DIRECTORS’ REMUNERATION

      The emoluments of the Directors are determined having regard to the Company’s operating results,
individual performance and comparable market statistics. The details of the Directors’ emoluments are set out in
note 7 to the consolidated financial statements in this report. During the Reporting Period, there was no
arrangement under which a Director waived or agreed to waive any remuneration and no remuneration was
paid by the Group to a Director as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss
of office.

      The Directors are also eligible to be granted Share Awards under the Share Award Scheme. The details of
the scheme are set out in note 29 to the consolidated financial statements.

SHARE AWARD SCHEME

      At the special general meeting of the Company held on November 24, 2014 (the “Adoption Date”), the
Shareholders approved the adoption of the Share Award Scheme. Unless terminated earlier by the Board, the
Share Award Scheme shall be valid and effective for a term of ten years commencing on the Adoption Date.
The Share Award Scheme shall remain in effect until November 23, 2024. The purpose of the Share Award
Scheme is to grant Share Awards to eligible participants as incentives and/or rewards for their contribution to
the Group, to reward the personnel who have contributed to the development and success of the Group, to
incentivise them to remain with the Group, to motivate them to strive for the future development and expansion
of the Group and to attract skilled and experienced personnel for further development and expansion of the
Group by providing them with the opportunity to acquire equity interests in the Company. Eligible participants
for the grant of Share Awards include Directors, the directors of the Company’s subsidiaries, the employees of
the Group or any other persons as determined by the Board who the Board considers, in its absolute discretion,
have contributed or will contribute to the Group.




                                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   27
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     The validity period of the Options granted which may be exercised by the grantee under the Share Award
Scheme shall be ten years from the date of grant and the Options shall lapse at the expiry of the validity
period. The Options and RSUs granted under the Share Award Scheme shall have a vesting period within one to
six years. The exercise price of the Options is determinable by the Board in their absolute direction, but in any
event shall not be less than the highest of (i) the closing price of the Shares as stated in the daily quotation
sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on the date of offer; (ii) the average closing price of the Shares as stated
in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange for the five business days immediately preceding the
date of offer and (iii) the nominal value of the Shares. For the acceptance of an Option, the Company may, in
its discretion, require a grantee pay a remittance of HK$1.00 (or such other amount in any other currency as the
Board may determine) as consideration for the grant of an Option. Such remittance is not refundable in any
circumstances. No amount was required for the acceptance of an RSU by a grantee.

     Pursuant to the terms of the Share Award Scheme, the Board may, from time to time, at its absolute
discretion and subject to such terms and conditions as it may think fit (including the basis of eligibility of each
employee determined by the Board from time to time) select an employee or any other person for participation
in the Share Award Scheme and determine the number of Share Awards to be awarded. The total number of
shares in respect of which Share Awards may be granted under the Share Award Scheme and any other share
award schemes of the Company shall not exceed 3% of the Shares in issue as at the Adoption Date (the
“Scheme Mandate Limit”), or 3% of the Shares in issue as at the new approval date of the renewed Scheme
Mandate Limit. The maximum number of shares of the Company issued and to be issued upon the vesting or
exercise of the Share Awards granted to each participant pursuant to the Share Award Scheme (including all
vested, exercised and outstanding Share Awards) in any 12-month period shall not (when aggregated with any
Shares underlying the Share Awards granted during such period pursuant to any other share award schemes of
the Company) exceed 1% of the Shares in issue from time to time, unless such grant was separately approved
by the Shareholders in general meeting with such participant and his close associates (or his associates if the
participant is a connected person) abstaining from voting.

     The specific mandate granted to the Board at the annual general meeting of the Company held on
September 30, 2015 (the “2015 Specific Mandate”) to exercise all the powers of the Company to grant Share
Awards lapsed at the conclusion of the annual general meeting of the Company held on August 18, 2016. The
specific mandate was subsequently renewed by approval of the Shareholders at the annual general meetings
of the Company held on August 18, 2016 (the “2016 Specific Mandate”), July 26, 2017 (the “2017 Specific
Mandate”), July 20, 2018, July 10, 2019 (the “2019 Specific Mandate”), July 30, 2020 (the “2020 Specific
Mandate”), July 30, 2021 (the “2021 Specific Mandate”) and August 5, 2022 (the “2022 Specific Mandate”)
respectively. The total number of shares underlying the Share Awards granted which remained outstanding as
at March 31, 2023 amounted to 116,561,925, of which 2,406,500 were granted pursuant to the 2015 Specific
Mandate, 592,500 were granted pursuant to the 2016 Specific Mandate, 1,478,750 were granted pursuant to the
2017 Specific Mandate, 12,312,433 were granted pursuant to the 2019 Specific Mandate, 15,659,099 were
granted pursuant to the 2020 Specific Mandate, 78,298,093 were granted pursuant to the 2021 Specific
Mandate and 5,814,550 were granted pursuant to the 2022 Specific Mandate. As at March 31, 2023 and the
date of this report, Share Awards in respect of a total of 399,112,399 underlying shares, which represent
approximately 2.95% of the total issued shares as at March 31, 2023 and the date of this report, remain
available to be granted under the Share Award Scheme under the 2022 Specific Mandate.




28   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                                                                                                                                         DIRECTORS’ REPORT

    Details of the Options and RSUs granted during the Reporting Period and/or outstanding as at March 31,
2023 under the Share Award Scheme are as below:

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               Number
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              of shares
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           represented
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            by Options
                                               Number of shares                                                                                                                                                    Options                     or RSUs
                                                 represented by                                                                                                                           Options Options or       or RSUs                 outstanding
                                                Options or RSUs                          Granted                                                                                        exercised RSUs lapsed    cancelled   RSU vested           as at
    Name of Option holders/                    outstanding as at Date of grant/        during the Vesting                 Exercise                Performance   Purchase    Exercise   during the during the    during the    during the     March 31,
    grantees of RSU                  Nature         April 1, 2022 conditional grant          year Period                  Period                  targets           price      price       year(15)      year         year          year           2023
                                                                                                                                                                   (HK$)      (HK$)

    Mr. Zhu Shunyan(16)              Options           2,900,000 June 15, 2020(1)              — Within six years from    Within ten years from   None                Nil    19.940           —            —            —             —      2,900,000
                                                                                                    June 15, 2020            June 15, 2020
                                     Options             421,250 June 15, 2021   (2)
                                                                                               — Within six years from    Within ten years from   None                Nil    18.212           —            —            —             —        421,250
                                                                                                    June 15, 2021            June 15, 2021
                                     Options                  — June 15, 2022(3)       1,290,125 Within six years from    Within ten years from   None                Nil     4.920           —            —            —             —      1,290,125
                                                                                                    June 15, 2022            June 15, 2022
                                     RSUs                500,000 June 15, 2020                 — Within six years from    —                       None                Nil         —           —            —            —       250,000        250,000
                                                                                                    June 15, 2020
                                     RSUs                168,500 June 15, 2021                 — Within six years from    —                       None                Nil         —           —            —            —        42,125        126,375
                                                                                                    June 15, 2021
                                     RSUs                     — June 15, 2022            516,050 Within six years from    —                       None                Nil         —           —            —            —             —        516,050
                                                                                                    June 15, 2022
    Total                            Options          3,321,250 —                      1,290,125 —                        —                       —                    —          —           —            —            —             —      4,611,375
                                     RSUs               668,500 —                        516,050 —                        —                       —                    —          —           —            —            —       292,125        892,425

    Mr. Shen Difan(16)               Options             336,750 June 15, 2021(2)              — Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                Nil    18.212           —            —            —             —        336,750
                                                                                                    June 15, 2021            June 15, 2021
                                     Options                  — June 15, 2022(3)       1,062,750 Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                Nil     4.920           —            —            —             —      1,062,750
                                                                                                    June 15, 2022            June 15, 2022
                                     RSUs                125,000 June 14, 2019                 — Within four years from   —                       None                Nil         —           —            —            —       125,000              —
                                                                                                    June 14, 2019
                                     RSUs                134,700 June 15, 2021                 — Within four years from   —                       None                Nil         —           —            —            —        33,675        101,025
                                                                                                    June 15, 2021
                                     RSUs                     — June 15, 2022            425,100 Within four years from   —                       None                Nil         —           —            —            —             —        425,100
                                                                                                    June 15, 2022
    Total                            Options            336,750 —                      1,062,750 —                        —                       —                    —          —           —            —            —             —      1,399,500
                                     RSUs               259,700 —                        425,100 —                        —                       —                    —          —           —            —            —       158,675        526,125

    Mr. Tu Yanwu                     Options             145,000 June 15, 2020(1)              — Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                Nil    19.940           —            —            —             —        145,000
                                                                                                    June 15, 2020            June 15, 2020
                                     Options              67,250 June 15, 2021(2)              — Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                Nil    18.212           —            —            —             —         67,250
                                                                                                    June 15, 2021            June 15, 2021
                                     Options                  — June 15, 2022(3)         283,250 Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                Nil     4.920           —            —            —             —        283,250
                                                                                                    June 15, 2022            June 15, 2022
                                     RSUs                 38,500 June 14, 2019                 — Within four years from   —                       None                Nil         —           —            —            —        38,500              —
                                                                                                    June 14, 2019
                                     RSUs                385,000 September 18,                 — Within four years from   —                       None                Nil         —           —            —            —       192,500        192,500
                                                                    2019                            September 18, 2019
                                     RSUs                 43,500 June 15, 2020                 — Within four years from   —                       None                Nil         —           —            —            —        14,500         29,000
                                                                                                    June 15, 2020
                                     RSUs                 26,900 June 15, 2021                 — Within four years from   —                       None                Nil         —           —            —            —         6,725         20,175
                                                                                                    June 15, 2021
                                     RSUs                     — June 15, 2022            113,300 Within four years from   —                       None                Nil         —           —            —            —             —        113,300
                                                                                                    June 15, 2022
    Total                            Options            212,250 —                        283,250 —                        —                       —                    —          —           —            —            —             —        495,500
                                     RSUs               493,900 —                        113,300 —                        —                       —                    —          —           —            —            —       252,225        354,975


    Three of the five highest paid   Options                  — June 15, 2022(3)       1,469,875 Within four years from   Within 10 years from    None                Nil     4.920           —            —            —             —      1,469,875
       employees of the Company                                                                     June 15, 2022            June 15, 2022
                                     RSUs                537,000 December 15,                  — Within four years from   —                       None                Nil         —           —            —            —       268,500        268,500
                                                                    2020                            December 15, 2020
                                     RSUs                      — June 15, 2022           587,950 Within four years from   —                       None                Nil         —           —            —            —             —        587,950
                                                                                                    June 15, 2022
                                     RSUs                     — September 15,            947,311 Within four years from   —                       None                Nil         —           —            —            —             —        947,311
                                                                   2022                             September 15, 2022
    Total                            Options                  — —                      1,469,875 —                        —                       —                    —          —           —            —            —             —      1,469,875
                                     RSUs               537,000 —                      1,535,261 —                        —                       —                    —          —           —            —            —       268,500      1,803,761




                                                                                                                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report                                         29
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  Number
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 of shares
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              represented
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               by Options
                                                  Number of shares                                                                                                                                                    Options                     or RSUs
                                                    represented by                                                                                                                          Options Options or        or RSUs                 outstanding
                                                   Options or RSUs                         Granted                                                                                        exercised RSUs lapsed     cancelled   RSU vested           as at
     Name of Option holders/                      outstanding as at Date of grant/       during the Vesting                 Exercise                Performance   Purchase    Exercise   during the during the     during the    during the     March 31,
     grantees of RSU                   Nature          April 1, 2022 conditional grant         year Period                  Period                  targets           price      price       year(15)      year          year          year           2023
                                                                                                                                                                     (HK$)      (HK$)

     Employees of the Group working Options                 508,000 September 7,                 — From October 10, 2015 to Within ten years from   None                Nil     5.184            —            —            —             —        508,000
       under employment contracts                                      2015(4)                        October 10, 2019         September 7, 2015
       that are regarded as           Options               187,250 April 28, 2016(5)            — From October 10, 2017 to Within ten years from   None                Nil     5.320       35,250            —            —             —        152,000
       “continuous contracts” for the                                                                 April 30, 2020           April 28, 2016
       purposes of the Employment Options                1,838,000 July 29, 2016(6)              — From October 10, 2016 to Within ten years from   None                Nil     5.558       91,500            —            —             —      1,746,500
       Ordinance (Chapter 57 of the                                                                   July 31, 2020            July 29, 2016
       laws of Hong Kong)             Options              775,500 February 2, 2017(7)           — From January 31, 2019 to Within ten years from   None                Nil     3.626      183,000            —            —             —        592,500
                                                                                                      January 31, 2021         February 2, 2017
                                       Options             331,000 June 14, 2017(8)              — From April 30, 2019 to Within ten years from     None                Nil     3.902      331,000            —            —             —              —
                                                                                                      April 30, 2021           June 14, 2017
                                       Options           1,684,250 August 3, 2017(9)             — From July 31, 2018 to    Within ten years from   None                Nil     3.686      885,500            —            —             —        798,750
                                                                                                      July 31, 2021            August 3, 2017
                                       Options           2,020,250 October 10, 2017(10)          — From October 10, 2018 to Within ten years from   None                Nil     4.400     1,858,250           —            —             —        162,000
                                                                                                      October 10, 2021         October 10, 2017
                                       Options             689,500 February 1, 2018(11)          — From October 10, 2019 to Within ten years from   None                Nil     4.144      171,500            —            —             —        518,000
                                                                                                      January 31, 2022         February 1, 2018
                                       Options             966,750 June 15, 2020(1)              — Within four years from Within ten years from     None                Nil    19.940            —            —            —             —        966,750
                                                                                                      June 15, 2020            June 15, 2020
                                       Options             119,000 September 15,                 — Within four years from Within ten years from     None                Nil    18.660            —            —            —             —        119,000
                                                                       2020 (12)
                                                                                                      September 15, 2020       September 15, 2020
                                       Options             838,000 June 15, 2021(2)              — Within four years from Within ten years from     None                Nil    18.212            —            —            —             —        838,000
                                                                                                      June 15, 2021            June 15, 2021
                                       Options             100,000 December 15,                  — Within four years from Within ten years from     None                Nil     7.438            —       100,000           —             —              —
                                                                       2021(13)                       December 15, 2021        June 15, 2021
                                       Options             750,000 March 15, 2022(14)            — Within four years from Within ten years from     None                Nil     4.240            —            —            —             —        750,000
                                                                                                      March 15, 2022           March 15, 2022
                                       Options                   — June 15, 2022(3)      3,237,750 Within four years from Within ten years from     None                Nil     4.920            —       212,500           —             —      3,025,250
                                                                                                      June 15, 2022            June 15, 2022
                                       RSUs              1,664,250 July 31, 2018                 — Within four years from —                         None                Nil         —            —        18,250           —      1,646,000             —
                                                                                                      July 31, 2018
                                       RSUs                515,328 October 10, 2018              — Within four years from —                         None                Nil         —            —            —            —       515,328              —
                                                                                                      October 10, 2018
                                       RSUs                626,564 January 31, 2019              — Within four years from —                         None                Nil         —            —       226,564           —       400,000              —
                                                                                                      January 31, 2019
                                       RSUs              4,914,750 June 14, 2019                 — Within four years from —                         None                Nil         —            —       683,500           —      4,231,250             —
                                                                                                      June 14, 2019
                                       RSUs              3,660,938 August 2, 2019                — Within four years from —                         None                Nil         —            —       363,000           —      1,837,188     1,460,750
                                                                                                      August 2, 2019
                                       RSUs                617,050 September 18,                 — Within four years from —                         None                Nil         —            —       190,000           —       228,050        199,000
                                                                       2019                           September 18, 2019
                                       RSUs                710,497 February 24, 2020             — Within four years from —                         None                Nil         —            —       113,750           —       368,495        228,252
                                                                                                      February 24, 2020
                                       RSUs                941,609 March 16, 2020                — Within four years from —                         None                Nil         —            —       314,158           —       355,770        271,681
                                                                                                      March 16, 2020
                                       RSUs              8,828,075 June 15, 2020                 — Within four years from —                         None                Nil         —            —       984,662           —      3,041,913     4,801,500
                                                                                                      June 15, 2020
                                       RSUs              3,020,712 September 15,                 — Within four years from —                         None                Nil         —            —       323,475           —      1,193,463     1,503,774
                                                                       2020                           September 15, 2020
                                       RSUs              1,039,950 December 15, 2020             — Within four years from —                         None                Nil         —            —       376,000           —       331,975        331,975
                                                                                                      December 15, 2020
                                       RSUs              1,245,000 March 15, 2021                — Within four years from —                         None                Nil         —            —       226,000           —       509,500        509,500
                                                                                                      March 15, 2021
                                       RSUs             16,466,600 June 15, 2021                 — Within four years from —                         None                Nil         —            —     1,945,250           —      3,670,825    10,850,525
                                                                                                      June 15, 2021
                                       RSUs              9,724,465 September 15,                 — Within four years from —                         None                Nil         —            —     1,542,973           —      1,882,099     6,299,393
                                                                       2021                           September 15, 2021
                                       RSUs              2,362,900 December 15, 2021             — Within four years from —                         None                Nil         —            —       793,000           —             —      1,569,900
                                                                                                      December 15, 2021
                                       RSUs              2,144,000 March 15, 2022                — Within four years from —                         None                Nil         —            —       135,000           —             —      2,009,000
                                                                                                      March 15, 2022
                                       RSUs                      — June 15, 2022        66,617,400 Within four years from —                         None                Nil         —            —     7,734,900           —             —     58,882,500
                                                                                                      June 15, 2022
                                       RSUs                      — September 15,         4,875,991 Within one to four years —                       None                Nil         —            —        82,100           —       676,652      4,117,239
                                                                       2022                           from September 15,
                                                                                                      2022
                                       RSUs                      — December 15, 2022       390,000 Within four years from —                         None                Nil         —            —            —            —             —        390,000
                                                                                                      December 15, 2022
                                       RSUs                      — March 15, 2023          360,000 Over one to four years —                         None                Nil         —            —            —            —             —        360,000
                                                                                                      from March 15, 2023
     Total                             Options          10,807,500 —                     3,237,750 —                        —                       —                    —          —    3,556,000       312,500           —             —     10,176,750
                                       RSUs             58,482,688 —                    72,243,391 —                        —                       —                    —          —            —    16,052,582           —    20,888,508     93,784,989

     Employees of the affiliates of the Options             500,000 June 15, 2020(1)             — Within four years from   Within ten years from   None                Nil    19.940            —            —            —             —        500,000
       Company                                                                                        June 15, 2020            June 15, 2020
                                        RSUs                667,500 June 15, 2020                — Within four years from   —                       None                Nil         —            —            —            —       299,500        368,000
                                                                                                      June 15, 2020
                                       RSUs                 238,900 June 15, 2021                — Within four years from   —                       None                Nil         —            —            —            —        73,900        165,000
                                                                                                      June 15, 2021
                                       RSUs                 18,200 September 15,                 — Within four years from   —                       None                Nil         —            —            —            —         4,550         13,650
                                                                      2021                            September 15, 2021
     Total                             Options             500,000 —                             — —                        —                       —                    —          —            —            —            —             —        500,000
                                       RSUs                924,600 —                             — —                        —                       —                    —          —            —            —            —       377,950        546,650




30   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                                                                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     Notes:


     (1)      The closing price per share is HK$20.65 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on June 12, 2020,
              being the trading day immediately before the date of grant.


     (2)      The closing price per share is HK$17.90 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on June 11, 2021,
              being the trading day immediately before the date of grant.


     (3)      The closing price per share is HK$4.74 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on June 14, 2022, being
              the trading day immediately before the date of grant.


     (4)      The closing price per share is HK$5.02 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on September 4, 2015,
              being the trading day immediately before the date of grant.


     (5)      The closing price per share is HK$5.23 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on April 27, 2016, being
              the trading day immediately before the date of grant.


     (6)      The closing price per share is HK$5.55 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on July 28, 2016, being
              the trading day immediately before the date of grant.


     (7)      The closing price per share is HK$3.59 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on February 1, 2017,
              being the trading day immediately before the date of grant.


     (8)      The closing price per share is HK$3.92 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on June 13, 2017, being
              the trading day immediately before the date of grant.


     (9)      The closing price per share is HK$3.63 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on August 2, 2017,
              being the trading day immediately before the date of grant.


     (10)     The closing price per share is HK$4.01 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on October 9, 2017,
              being the trading day immediately before the date of grant.


     (11)     The closing price per share is HK$4.09 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on January 31, 2018,
              being the trading day immediately before the date of grant.


     (12)     The closing price per share is HK$18.76 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on September 14,
              2020, being the trading day immediately before the date of grant.


     (13)     The closing price per share is HK$7.35 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on December 14, 2021,
              being the trading day immediately before the date of grant.


     (14)     The closing price per share is HK$3.76 as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange on March 14, 2021,
              being the trading day immediately before the date of grant.


     (15)     The weighted average closing price of the shares immediately before the dates on which the Options granted to the employees
              were exercised calculated by the closing price per Share as stated in the daily quotation sheets issued by the Stock Exchange is
              HK$6.20 per share. The number of shares that may be issued in respect of the Options granted under the Share Award Scheme
              during the Reporting Period divided by the weighted average number of the shares in issue for the Reporting Period is 0.05%.


     (16)     One of the five highest paid employees of the Company.


      The Company estimated the fair values of its Options using the binomial model, which requires the Group
to make estimates about inputs, such as expected volatility, expected dividend yield, exercise multiple, risk-free
interest rate and expected forfeiture rate, and hence such estimates are subject to subjectivity and uncertainty.
For the accounting policy adopted for the Share Awards and the fair value of the Options granted during the
Reporting Period, please refer to note 2.4 (Share-based payments) and note 29 (Share Award Scheme).


                                                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   31
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S INTERESTS AND SHORT
POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES

     As at March 31, 2023, the interests and short positions of the Directors and chief executive in the share
capital and underlying shares of the Company or its associated corporations (within the meaning of Part XV of
the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”), as recorded in the register required to be kept by the
Company pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to the Company and the Stock Exchange
pursuant to the Model Code for Securities Transactions by Directors of Listed Issuers (the “Model Code”) as set
out in Appendix 10 to the Listing Rules, were as follows:

     Long positions in shares and underlying shares of the Company

                                                        Number of ordinary shares and underlying shares held,
                                                                          capacity and nature of interest
                                                                                                                             Approximate
                                                                                                                            percentage of
                                                                                                   Total interest          the Company’s
     Name of Director                Nature of interest                                                 in shares            share capital


     Mr. Zhu Shunyan                 Beneficial owner and equity derivative                             6,695,925                     0.05%#
                                         interests(1)
     Mr. Shen Difan                  Beneficial owner and equity derivative                             3,020,300                     0.02%#
                                         interests(2)
     Mr. Tu Yanwu                    Beneficial owner and equity derivative                             1,361,203                     0.01%#
                                         interests(3)

     Notes:


     (1)      Mr. Zhu Shunyan beneficially held 1,178,083 ordinary shares of the Company and subject to vesting, is interested in 5,517,842
              shares underlying the 4,611,375 options and 906,467 RSUs granted to him in accordance with the Share Award Scheme.


     (2)      Mr. Shen Difan beneficially held 969,675 ordinary shares and subject to vesting, is interested in 2,050,625 shares underlying
              1,399,500 options and 651,125 RSUs granted to him in accordance with the Share Award Scheme.


     (3)      Mr. Tu Yanwu beneficially held 472,228 ordinary shares and subject to vesting, is interested in 888,975 shares underlying 495,500
              options and 393,475 RSUs granted to him in accordance with the Share Award Scheme.


     #
              Based on a total of 13,521,362,542 shares of the Company in issue as at March 31, 2023.




32   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                                                                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     Long positions in shares and underlying shares of Alibaba Holding, an associated corporation of the
     Company within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO.

                                                                                                                               Approximate
                                                                                                                              percentage of
                                                                                                     Number of             issued shares of
                                                                                              shares/underlying                  associated
     Name of Director                 Nature of interest                                           shares Held*                 corporation


     Mr. Zhu Shunyan                  Beneficial owner, equity derivative interests                       3,109,392                      0.02%#
                                           and interests of spouse(1)
     Mr. Li Faguang                   Beneficial owner and equity derivative                                 187,680                     0.00%#
           (resigned on                    interests(4)
           May 15, 2023)
     Mr. Shen Difan                   Beneficial owner, equity derivative interests                          177,480                     0.00%#
                                           and interests of spouse      (3)


     Mr. Tu Yanwu                     Equity derivative interests(2)                                          12,400                     0.00%#

     Notes:


     (1)      These interests represented 2,211,416* ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares and 92,247 restricted share units (representing
              737,976 ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares) beneficially held by Mr. Zhu Shunyan and 160,000 ordinary shares or
              underlying shares held by his spouse.


     (2)      These interests represented 28,376 ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares and 19,913 restricted share units (representing
              159,304 ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares) beneficially held by Mr. Li Faguang.


     (3)      These interests represented 93,888 ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares and 500 restricted share units (representing 4,000
              ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares) beneficially held by Mr. Shen Difan and 79,592 ordinary shares or underlying
              shares held by his spouse.


     (4)      These interests represented 1,550 restricted share units (representing 12,400 ordinary shares or underlying ordinary shares)
              beneficially held by Mr. Tu Yanwu.


     *        Alibaba Holding approved to effect a one-to-eight share subdivision of its ordinary shares (the “Share Subdivision”) at the annual
              general meeting held on July 15, 2019. The Share Subdivision was effective on July 30, 2019. Accordingly, Alibaba Holding has
              changed its ratio of American depositary shares to ordinary shares from 1:1 to 1:8. The ratio of restricted share units to ordinary
              shares of Alibaba Holding has also changed from 1:1 to 1:8.


     #
              Based on a total of 20,680,409,344 ordinary shares of Alibaba Holding in issue as at March 31, 2023.


     Save as disclosed above, as at March 31, 2023, none of the Directors and chief executive had registered
an interest or short position in the shares and underlying shares of the Company or any of its associated
corporations that was required to be recorded pursuant to section 352 of the SFO, or as otherwise notified to
the Company and the Stock Exchange pursuant to the Model Code.




                                                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   33
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

DIRECTORS’ AND CONTROLLING SHAREHOLDERS’ INTERESTS IN
CONTRACTS OF SIGNIFICANCE

     Save as disclosed under the section headed “Connected Transactions” below and except for any
perceived material interest in transactions between members of Alibaba Group and the Company due to their
role as employees of Alibaba Holding or its subsidiaries as disclosed in the section headed “Biographical
Information of Directors and Senior Management”, no Director or controlling Shareholder had a material
interest, either directly or indirectly, in any contract of significance (whether for the provision of services to the
Company or any of its subsidiaries or not) to the business of the Group to which the Company, its holding
company, or any of its subsidiaries or fellow subsidiaries was a party during the Reporting Period.


ARRANGEMENT TO ACQUIRE SHARES AND DEBENTURES

     Save as disclosed under the section headed “Share Award Scheme” above, at no time during the
Reporting Period was the Company or its subsidiaries a party to any arrangements to enable the Directors or
chief executive of the Company or their spouses or children under the age of 18 to acquire benefits by means
of the acquisition of shares in or debentures of the Company or any other body corporate.


SUBSTANTIAL SHAREHOLDERS’ AND OTHER PERSONS’ INTERESTS OR
SHORT POSITIONS IN SHARES AND UNDERLYING SHARES

     As at March 31, 2023, the following interests or short positions in the shares and underlying shares of the
Company were recorded in the register of interests required to be kept by the Company pursuant to section 336
of the SFO:

     Long positions:

                                                                                               Number of
                                                                                                  shares/   % of the issued
                                                                                               underlying   share capital of
     Name                                          Capacity and nature of interest                 shares     the Company


     Alibaba Group Holding Limited                 Interest of controlled corporation(1)    7,713,318,533          57.05%#
     Perfect Advance Holding Limited               Beneficial owner(1)                      3,103,816,661          22.95%#
     Alibaba Investment Limited                    Interest of controlled corporation(1)    3,103,816,661          22.95%#
                                                   Beneficial owner(1)                         48,716,465           0.36%#
     Ali JK Nutritional Products                   Beneficial owner(1)                      4,560,785,407          33.73%#
        Holding Limited
     Uni-Tech International Group                  Beneficial owner(2)                       777,484,030            5.75%#
        Limited
     21CN Corporation                              Interest of controlled corporation(2)     777,484,030            5.75%#
     Pollon Internet Corporation                   Interest of controlled corporation (2)
                                                                                             777,484,030            5.75%#
     Ms. Chen Xiao Ying                            Interest of controlled corporation(2)     777,484,030            5.75%#




34   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                                                                     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

      Notes:


      (1)      Perfect Advance Holding Limited (“Perfect Advance”) holds 3,103,816,661 shares of the Company. Perfect Advance is wholly-owned
               by Alibaba Investment Limited (“AIL”), which is in turn wholly-owned by Alibaba Holding. For the purpose of Part XV of the SFO,
               as Perfect Advance is interested in 3,103,816,661 shares of the Company, AIL is deemed to have an interest in 3,103,816,661
               shares of the Company via Perfect Advance.


               On May 20, 2022, Innovare Tech Limited (“Innovare”) made a distribution in specie (the “Distribution”) in respect of 641,090,678
               shares of the Company to the limited partners of Yunfeng Fund II, L.P., the beneficial owner of all the voting equity capital in
               Innovare, based on their respective pro rata entitlements in Innovare. Upon the Distribution, Innovare ceased to have a notifiable
               interest of 5% or more of the voting shares of the Company within the meaning of the SFO. For details, please refer to the
               announcement of the Company dated May 20, 2022. As part of the Distribution, 48,716,465 shares of the Company were
               distributed to AIL. As such, AIL is interested in an aggregate of 3,152,533,126 shares of the Company.


               Ali JK Nutritional Products Holding Limited (“Ali JK”) holds 4,560,785,407 shares of the Company. Ali JK is wholly-owned by Alibaba
               Holding. Therefore, Alibaba Holding is deemed to have an interest in an aggregate of 7,713,318,533 shares of the Company via
               AIL, Perfect Advance and Ali JK within the meaning of Part XV of the SFO.


      (2)      Uni-Tech International Group Limited holds 777,484,030 shares and is wholly-owned by 21CN Corporation. 21CN Corporation is
               wholly-owned by Pollon Internet Corporation, which is wholly-owned by Ms. Chen Xiao Ying.


      #
               Based on a total of 13,521,362,542 shares of the Company in issue as at March 31, 2023.


      Save as disclosed above, as at March 31, 2023, there were no other parties who had registered an
interest or short position in the shares or underlying shares of the Company that was required to be recorded
pursuant to section 336 of the SFO.


CONNECTED TRANSACTIONS

      During the Reporting Period, the Group had the following connected and continuing connected
transactions, details of which were disclosed in compliance with the requirements of Chapter 14A of the Listing
Rules.

(a)   Continuing Connected Transactions — Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement

      On March 30, 2022, Alibaba Health Technology (China) Co., Ltd^ (阿里健康科技（中國）有限公司) (“Alibaba
Health (China)”), an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (for itself and on behalf of its
subsidiaries and affiliates), entered into the renewed cloud computing services framework agreement (the
“2023 Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement”) with Alibaba Cloud Computing Ltd.^ (阿里雲計算有
限公司) (“Alibaba Cloud”) (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates), pursuant to which Alibaba
Cloud agreed to provide various cloud computing services and other related services (the “Cloud Computing
Services”) to the Group for a term of one year from April 1, 2022 to March 31, 2023. The annual cap for the
service fees payable by Alibaba Health (China) to Alibaba Cloud under the 2023 Cloud Computing Services
Framework Agreement was RMB170 million. The aggregate service fees incurred under the 2023 Cloud
Computing Services Framework Agreement during the Reporting Period amounted to approximately RMB107.0
million (during the Corresponding Period: approximately RMB139.6 million).




                                                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   35
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

      On March 31, 2023, the same parties entered into the renewed cloud computing services framework
agreement (the “2024 Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement”) in relation to the provision of the
Cloud Computing Services by Alibaba Cloud to the Group for a term of one year from April 1, 2023 to March 31,
2024, with an annual cap of RMB160 million.

      The 2023 Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement and the 2024 Cloud Computing Services
Framework Agreement allowed the Group to utilize the cloud computing services provided by Alibaba Cloud to
ensure smooth operation of its systems and the stability of its various Internet healthcare solutions.

      As at the date of the 2024 Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement, Alibaba Holding was the
ultimate shareholder of Perfect Advance and Ali JK, which were the substantial shareholders and connected
persons of the Company, and held approximately 57.05% of the issued share capital of the Company via Perfect
Advance, Alibaba Investment and Ali JK. As Alibaba Holding was the ultimate shareholder of Alibaba Cloud,
Alibaba Cloud was an associate of Perfect Advance and Ali JK and hence a connected person of the Company.
The transactions contemplated under the 2023 Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement and the 2024
Cloud Computing Services Framework Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the
Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.

(b)   Continuing Connected Transactions — Outsourced Services Framework Agreement

      On March 30, 2022, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into the renewed
outsourced services framework agreement (the “2023 Outsourced Services Framework Agreement”) with
Taobao Holding Limited (“Taobao Holding”, together with its subsidiaries and affiliates, “Taobao Group
Companies”) (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates), pursuant to which the Group shall
provide Taobao Group Companies with merchant-related outsourced and value-added services (the
“Outsourced Services”) in relation to certain categories of products or services offered on Tmall from time to
time (as specified in the announcement of the Company dated March 30, 2022) for a term of one year from
April 1, 2022 to March 31, 2023. The annual cap for the service fees payable to the Group during the term of
the 2023 Outsourced Services Framework Agreement was RMB185 million and the aggregate service fees
received by the Group under the 2023 Outsourced Services Framework Agreement during the Reporting Period
amounted to approximately RMB105.9 million (during the Corresponding Period: RMB103.7 million).

      On March 31, 2023, the same parties entered into the renewed outsourced services framework agreement
(the “2024 Outsourced Services Framework Agreement”) for a term of one year from April 1, 2023 to March
31, 2024, pursuant to which the Group shall provide Taobao Group Companies with the Outsourced Services to
certain legal entities conducting sale of products or provision of services under certain categories of products or
services offered on Tmall and Tmall Global from time to time (as specified in the announcement of the
Company dated March 31, 2023). The annual cap for the service fees payable to the Group during the term of
the 2024 Outsourced Services Framework Agreement was RMB200 million.

      Since the Outsourced Services remain within the existing skill set of the Group given that it has been
developing its own pharmaceutical e-commerce, Internet healthcare, and intelligent medicine businesses, the
service fees received under the 2023 Outsourced Services Framework Agreement and the 2024 Outsourced
Services Framework Agreement continue to be one of the steady growing sources of revenue for our Group.




36    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                                                     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

      As at the date of the 2024 Outsourced Services Framework Agreement, since Taobao Holding was a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, the Taobao Group Companies were associates of Perfect Advance
and Ali JK, and hence were connected persons of the Company. The transactions contemplated under the 2023
Outsourced Services Framework Agreement and the 2024 Outsourced Services Framework Agreement thus
constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.

(c)   Continuing Connected Transactions — Platform Services Framework Agreement

      On March 30, 2022, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into a renewed
platform services framework agreement with Alibaba Holding (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and
affiliates) (the “2023 Platform Services Framework Agreement”) for a term of one year from April 1, 2022 to
March 31, 2023, pursuant to which Alibaba Holding agreed that Alibaba Holding and its subsidiaries and
affiliates (the “AGH Relevant Entities”) shall provide various platform services (the “Platform Services”) to the
Group for a service fee. The annual cap for the service fees payable by the Group for the year ended March 31,
2023 was RMB560 million and the aggregate service fees incurred under the 2023 Platform Services Framework
Agreement during the Reporting Period amounted to approximately RMB267.0 million (during the Corresponding
Period: RMB282.5 million).

      On March 31, 2023, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) and Taobao Holding (for
itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates) entered into the renewed platform services framework
agreement (the “2024 Platform Services Framework Agreement”), in relation to the provision of the Platform
Services from the AGH Relevant Entities to the Group, for a term of one year commencing on April 1, 2023 and
ending on March 31, 2024, with an annual cap of RMB600 million.

      The Company believes that by marketing and selling products or services on the online sales platforms
operated by the AGH Relevant Entities under the 2023 Platform Services Framework Agreement and the 2024
Platform Services Framework Agreement, the Group will be able to reach out to more customers and improve its
understanding of their needs to facilitate product circulation along the pharmaceutical and healthcare products
retail chain to offer quality products and services at competitive prices.

      As at the date of the 2024 Platform Services Framework Agreement, since Taobao Holding was a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding and Alibaba Holding controlled the AGH Relevant Entities, each of
Taobao Holding and the members of the AGH Relevant Entities were associates of Perfect Advance and Ali JK
and hence was a connected person of the Company. The transactions contemplated under the 2023 Platform
Services Framework Agreement and the 2024 Platform Services Framework Agreement thus constitute continuing
connected transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.




                                                           ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   37
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(d)   Continuing Connected Transactions — Agency Agreement

      On March 30, 2022, Hangzhou Alimama Software Services Co., Ltd.^ (杭州阿里媽媽軟件服務有限公司)
(“Alimama”) (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates) and Alibaba Health (Hong Kong)
Technology Company Limited (阿里健康（香港）科技有限公司) (“Alibaba Health (HK)”) (for itself and on behalf of
its subsidiaries) entered into the renewed agency agreement (the “2023 Agency Agreement”) for a term of one
year from April 1, 2022 to March 31, 2023. Pursuant to the 2023 Agency Agreement, Alibaba Health (HK) (for
itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) agreed to refer contracted clients of Alibaba Health (HK) and its
subsidiaries (the “Alibaba Health Group”) to purchase, and Alimama, its subsidiaries and its affiliates
(together, the “Advertising Parties”), as the marketing services providers, agreed to provide to Alibaba Health
Group’s contracted clients, various marketing and advertising services on the marketing and branding platforms
provided by the Advertising Parties (the “Marketing Services”) during the term of the 2023 Agency Agreement.
The annual cap for the incentive fees to be received by Alibaba Health Group under the 2023 Agency
Agreement for the year ended March 31, 2023 was RMB25 million. The aggregate incentive fees received by
Alibaba Health Group during the Reporting Period was nil (during the Corresponding Period: approximately
RMB3.5 million).

      On March 31, 2023, the same parties entered into the renewed agency agreement (the “2024 Agency
Agreement”) in relation to the provision of the Marketing Services from the Advertising Parties to the
contracted clients of Alibaba Health Group, for a term of one year commencing from April 1, 2023 and ending
on March 31, 2024, with an annual cap of RMB25 million.

      By entering into the 2023 Agency Agreement and the 2024 Agency Agreement with Alimama, whereby the
Advertising Parties operate well-established marketing platforms, the Group believes that more diversified
options can be provided to the customers together with the Group’s marketing resources. At the same time,
collecting incentive fees from the Advertising Parties will provide additional income for the Group and will be
beneficial to the long-term development of the Group.

      As at the date of the 2024 Agency Agreement, as the Advertising Parties were members of Alibaba Group,
each of the members of the Advertising Parties was an associate of Perfect Advance and Ali JK and hence a
connected person of the Company. The transactions contemplated under the 2023 Agency Agreement and the
2024 Agency Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in accordance with
the Listing Rules.




38    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                                                     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(e)   Continuing Connected Transactions — Logistics Services Framework Agreement

      On March 30, 2022, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into the renewed
logistics services framework agreement (the “2023 Logistics Services Framework Agreement”) with Hangzhou
Cainiao Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd.^ (杭州菜鳥供應鏈管理有限公司) (“Hangzhou Cainiao”) (for itself and
on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates), pursuant to which Hangzhou Cainiao and its subsidiaries and
affiliates (together, the “Cainiao Group”) agreed to provide various logistics services including but not limited
to warehouse operation and storage services, domestic and international delivery services, customs registration
and clearance services, standard and special packaging services, storage and delivery supply chain
management services and related system software services and other value-added and logistics-related
services (the “Logistics Services”) to the Group for a service fee for a term of one year from April 1, 2022 to
March 31, 2023. The annual cap for the service fees under the 2023 Logistics Services Framework Agreement
was RMB450 million and the aggregate service fees incurred under the 2023 Logistics Services Framework
Agreement during the Reporting Period amounted to approximately RMB225.2 million (during the Corresponding
Period: approximately RMB301.2 million).

      On March 31, 2023, the same parties entered into the renewed logistics services framework agreement
(the “2024 Logistics Services Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which Hangzhou Cainiao agreed that
Cainiao Group will provide the Logistics Services to the Group for a term of one year commencing from April 1,
2023 and ending on March 31, 2024 with an annual cap of RMB420 million.

      As the Company has been selling pharmaceutical and healthcare products online, it requires efficient and
reliable logistics services to enable its products to be safely and promptly delivered to its customers.
Accordingly, the Company entered into the 2023 Logistics Services Framework Agreement and the 2024 Logistics
Services Framework Agreement with Hangzhou Cainiao, to capitalize on the logistics data platform and global
fulfilment network of Cainiao Group, and to provide efficient and reliable domestic and international
one-stop-shop logistics services to the Group’s customers for fulfilling their different logistics needs.

      As at the date of the 2024 Logistics Services Framework Agreement, as Hangzhou Cainiao was an indirect
non-wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, each of the members of the Cainiao Group was an associate
of Perfect Advance and Ali JK, and hence a connected person of the Company. The transactions contemplated
under the 2023 Logistics Services Framework Agreement and the 2024 Logistics Services Framework Agreement
thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.




                                                           ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   39
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(f)   Continuing Connected Transactions — Shared Services Agreement

      On March 30, 2022, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into the renewed
shared services agreement (the “2023 Shared Services Agreement”) with Alibaba Holding (for itself and on
behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates), pursuant to which Alibaba Holding shall procure certain shared service
providers including Alibaba Holding, persons controlled by it and persons under the common control of Alibaba
Holding, and any other persons designed by Alibaba Holding (the “Alibaba Services Providers”), to provide to
the Group certain shared services (the “Shared Services”), including office premises sharing and various
support services, and the Company shall procure certain service providers, including the Company and persons
controlled by it and persons under common Control of the Company, and any other persons designated by the
Company (the “Alibaba Health Service Providers”), to provide to Alibaba Group the Shared Services, namely
human resources and personnel transfer related arrangements and reimbursements, for a term of one year
from April 1, 2022 to March 31, 2023. The annual caps under the 2023 Shared Services Agreement was RMB500
million in relation to the Shared Services provided to the Group and RMB50 million in relation to the Shared
Services provided to Alibaba Group.

      The aggregate service fees incurred under the 2023 Shared Services Agreement during the Reporting
Period was RMB246.7 million (during the Corresponding Period: RMB305.9 million) in relation to the Shared
Services provided to the Group and nil (2022: nil) in relation to the Shared Services provided to Alibaba Group.

      On March 31, 2023, the same parties entered into the renewed shared services agreement (the “2024
Shared Services Agreement”), pursuant to which the Alibaba Service Providers shall provide to the Group the
Shared Services and supply products to the Group in support of the Group’s business operations, and the
Alibaba Health Service Providers shall provide to Alibaba Group the Shared Services, being human resources
related services and supply products to Alibaba Group in support of Alibaba Group’s business operations, for a
term of one year commencing from April 1, 2023 and ending on March 31, 2024. The annual caps under the
2024 Shared Services Agreement was RMB549.5 million in relation to the Shared Services provided to the Group
and RMB162 million in relation to the Shared Services provided to Alibaba Group.

      The Company believes that the entering into of the 2023 Shared Services Agreement and the 2024 Shared
Services Agreement will allow the Company to better leverage on the mature infrastructure and coverage
already built by Alibaba Group and promote better cooperation between Alibaba Group and the Company.

      As at the date of the 2024 Shared Services Agreement, as Alibaba Holding was a connected person of the
Company, the transactions contemplated under the 2023 Shared Services Agreement and the 2024 Shared
Services Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in accordance with the
Listing Rules.




40    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                                                   DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(g)   Continuing Connected Transactions — 2021–2023 Framework Technical Services Agreement

      On March 27 2020, Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd^ (浙江天貓技術有限公司) (“Tmall Technology”) and
Zhejiang Tmall Network Co., Ltd^ (浙江天貓網絡有限公司) (“Tmall Network”, together with Tmall Technology, the
“Tmall Entities”) and Alibaba Health Technology (Hangzhou) Co., Ltd^ (阿里健康科技（杭州）有限公司) (“Alibaba
Health (Hangzhou)”) entered into the renewed framework technical services agreement (the “2021–2023
Framework Technical Services Agreement”). The term of the 2021–2023 Framework Technical Services
Agreement commenced on April 1, 2020 and ended on March 31, 2023. Pursuant to the 2021–2023 Framework
Technical Services Agreement, the Tmall Entities shall provide certain infrastructure technical support (the “Blue
Cap Technical Services”) for the operation of Tmall in respect of the Blue Cap Products (as defined in the
announcement of the Company dated March 27, 2020) to Alibaba Health (Hangzhou) for a service fee. The
annual cap for the service fees payable under the 2021–2023 Framework Technical Services Agreement was
RMB100 million, RMB130 million and RMB170 million, for each of the financial years ended March 31, 2021,
2022 and 2023, respectively. The aggregate service fees incurred under the 2021–2023 Framework Technical
Services Agreement during the Reporting Period amounted to approximately RMB74.2 million (during the
Corresponding Period: approximately RMB69.7 million).

      The Company considers the entering into of the 2021–2023 Framework Technical Services Agreement is
necessary because the technical support and services from Tmall to the Company are crucial to allow the
relevant merchants to operate on Tmall.

      As at the date of the 2021–2023 Framework Technical Services Agreement, as the Tmall Entities were
members of Alibaba Group, they were connected persons of the Company. The transactions contemplated
under the 2021–2023 Framework Technical Services Agreement thus constitute continuing connected
transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.

(h)   Continuing Connected Transactions — Framework Technical Services Agreement

      On February 4, 2022, the Tmall Entities entered into the renewed framework technical services agreement
(the “2023 Framework Technical Services Agreement”) with Alibaba Health (Hangzhou) and Alibaba Health
(Hainan), pursuant to which the Tmall Entities agreed to provide certain software technical services (the
“Software Technical Services”), including but not limited to software technical services, and internet
information services and secondary domain names, to Alibaba Health (Hangzhou) and Alibaba Health (Hainan)
for a service fee for a term of one year from April 1, 2022 to March 31, 2023. The annual cap under the 2023
Framework Technical Services Agreement was RMB1,100 million, as approved by the independent Shareholders
at the special general meeting held on March 28, 2022. The aggregate service fees incurred under the 2023
Framework Technical Services Agreement during the Reporting Period amounted to approximately RMB820.4
million (during the Corresponding Period: approximately RMB774.9 million).

      On February 8, 2023, the same parties entered into the renewed framework technical services agreement
(the “2024 Framework Technical Services Agreement”), pursuant to which the Tmall Entities agreed to provide
the Software Technical Services, to Alibaba Health (Hangzhou) and Alibaba Health (Hainan) for a service fee for
a term of one year commencing from April 1, 2023 and ending on March 31, 2024, with an annual cap of
RMB1,400 million, as approved by the independent Shareholders at the special general meeting held on March
29, 2023.



                                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   41
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     The Company considers the entering into of the 2023 Framework Technical Services Agreement and the
2024 Framework Technical Services Agreement is necessary because the technical support and services from
Tmall to the Company are crucial to allow the relevant merchants to operate on Tmall.

      As at the date of the 2024 Framework Technical Services Agreement, as the Tmall Entities were members
of Alibaba Group, they were connected persons of the Company. The transactions contemplated under the 2023
Framework Technical Services Agreement and the 2024 Framework Technical Services Agreement thus constitute
continuing connected transactions of the Company, and were approved by the independent Shareholders at the
special general meetings held on March 28, 2022 and March 29, 2023, respectively, in accordance with the
Listing Rules.

(i)   Continuing Connected Transactions — Taobao Framework Technical Services Agreement

      Taobao Holding and the Company entered into a framework technical services agreement (the “2020–
2023 Taobao Framework Technical Services Agreement”) on February 6, 2020. The term of the 2020–2023
Taobao Framework Technical Services Agreement commenced on the day following completion of the Share
Purchase Agreement and ended on March 31, 2023. Pursuant to the 2020–2023 Taobao Framework Technical
Services Agreement, Taobao Holding and its subsidiaries agreed to provide infrastructure technical support for
the operation of the platforms on Tmall and Tmall Global in respect of certain categories of products or services
sold on these platforms (as specified in the announcement of the Company dated February 6, 2020) to the
Company for a service fee. The annual cap for the service fees payable under the 2020–2023 Taobao
Framework Technical Services Agreement was RMB262 million, RMB464 million and RMB799 million for each of
the financial years ended March 31, 2021, 2022 and 2023, respectively, as approved by the independent
Shareholders at the adjourned special general meeting held on April 9, 2020. The service fees incurred under
the 2020–2023 Taobao Framework Technical Services Agreement during the Reporting Period amounted to
approximately RMB320.8 million (during the Corresponding Period: approximately RMB259.8 million).

      On March 31, 2023, the same parties entered into the renewed Taobao framework technical services
agreement (the “2024 Taobao Framework Technical Services Agreement”), pursuant to which the Taobao
Group Companies agreed to provide certain support services, including software technical support, internet
information services and secondary domain names and other services for the operation of the platforms on
Tmall and Tmall Global, for a term of one year commencing from April 1, 2023 and ending on March 31, 2024
with an annual cap of RMB620 million.

     The Company considers the entering into of the 2020–2023 Taobao Framework Technical Services
Agreement and the 2024 Taobao Framework Technical Services Agreement is necessary because the technical
support and services from Taobao Holding and its subsidiaries to the Company are crucial to allow the relevant
merchants to operate on the platforms of Tmall and Tmall Global.

     As at the date of the 2024 Taobao Framework Technical Services Agreement, since Taobao Holding was a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, Taobao Holding was an associate of Perfect Advance and Ali JK
and hence a connected person of the Company and the transactions contemplated under the 2020–2023
Taobao Framework Technical Services Agreement and the 2024 Taobao Framework Technical Services
Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company. Independent Shareholders
approved, among other things, the 2020–2023 Taobao Framework Technical Services Agreement and the
transactions contemplated thereunder at the adjourned special general meeting held on April 9, 2020 in
accordance with the Listing Rules.


42    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                                                   DIRECTORS’ REPORT

      As the 2024 Taobao Framework Technical Services Agreement and the transactions contemplated under
the 2024 Framework Technical Services Agreement took place within a 12-month period and the services
provided under both of the agreements are of similar nature, the transactions under the 2024 Taobao
Framework Technical Services Agreement and the 2024 Framework Technical Services Agreement shall be
aggregated as a series of transactions pursuant to Rule 14A.81 of the Listing Rules. As disclosed in the circular
of the Company dated March 14, 2023 and the announcement of the Company dated February 8, 2023, the
2024 Framework Technical Services Agreement is subject to the reporting, announcement, annual review and
independent shareholders’ approval requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. Independent
Shareholders’ approval has been obtained for the transactions contemplated under the 2024 Framework
Technical Services Agreement at the special general meetings held on March 29, 2023. As such, no independent
Shareholders’ approval has to be obtained in respect of the 2024 Taobao Framework Technical Services
Agreement following the aforementioned aggregation.

(j)   Continuing Connected Transactions — Payment Services Framework Agreement

      On March 30, 2022, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into the renewed
payment services framework agreement (the “2023 Payment Services Framework Agreement”) with
Alipay.com Co., Ltd.^ (支付寶（中國）網絡技術有限公司) (“Alipay China”) (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries
and affiliates) and Alipay Singapore E-Commerce Private Limited (“Alipay Singapore”) (for itself and on behalf
of its subsidiaries and affiliates), pursuant to which Alipay China and Alipay Singapore agreed to provide
certain payment, settlement and other related services (the “Payment Services”) to the Group for a service fee,
for a term of one year from April 1, 2022 to March 31, 2023. The annual cap for the service fees payable under
the 2023 Payment Services Framework Agreement was RMB137 million. The aggregate service fees incurred
under the 2023 Payment Services Framework Agreement during the Reporting Period amounted to
approximately RMB78.8 million (during the Corresponding Period: approximately RMB65.2 million).

      On March 31, 2023, the same parties entered into the renewed payment services framework agreement
(the “2024 Payment Services Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which Alipay China and Alipay Singapore
agreed to provide the Payment Services to the Group, for a term of one year commencing from April 1, 2023
and ending on March 31, 2024 with an annual cap of RMB137 million.

      As part of the Group’s business, the Company has been marketing and selling products or services online
as an online merchant which requires efficient and reliable payment services. By entering into the 2023
Payment Services Framework Agreement and the 2024 Payment Services Framework Agreement, the Group will
be able to utilize the Payment Services provided by Alipay to enable safe and prompt real-time payment for its
online transactions.

      As at the date of the 2024 Payment Services Framework Agreement, since Ant Group Co., Ltd. (螞蟻科技集
團股份有限公司) (“Ant Group”) was indirectly held by Alibaba Holding as to more than 30% of its equity interest
and both Alipay China and Alipay Singapore were wholly-owned subsidiaries of Ant Group, each of Ant Group,
Alipay China and Alipay Singapore was an associate of Perfect Advance and Ali JK and thus a connected person
of the Company.

      Accordingly, the transactions contemplated under the 2023 Payment Services Framework Agreement and
the 2024 Payment Services Framework Agreement constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company
in accordance with the Listing Rules.


                                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   43
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(k)   Connected Transactions — Lease Agreement

      On October 15, 2021, Alibaba Health Pharmaceutical Chain Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康大藥房醫藥連鎖有限公司)
(“Alibaba Health Pharmaceutical Chain”) and Hangzhou Chuanfu Health Technology Co., Ltd.^ (杭州傳賦健康科
技有限公司) (“Hangzhou Chuanfu”) entered into the lease agreement (the “Lease Agreement”), pursuant to
which Hangzhou Chuanfu agreed to let the production plant and ancillary facilities located at Alibaba
Pharmaceutical Health Logistics Park, No. 3 Zhiqi Street, Tangxi Town, Linping District, Hangzhou, the PRC (the
“Premises”) to Alibaba Health Pharmaceutical Chain for a term of three years commenced from November 30,
2021 and ending on November 29, 2024. The total rent and property management fee payable per annum
(inclusive of tax) during the term of the Lease Agreement shall be capped at RMB28.5 million, RMB29.7 million
and RMB30.9 million, respectively. The total annual sum of the rent and property management fee payable by
the Group under the Lease Agreement during the Reporting Period amounted to approximately RMB26.5 million
(during the Corresponding Period: RMB2.3 million).

      By entering into the Lease Agreement, the Group agreed to rent the Premises at market rates from
Hangzhou Chuanfu to use the Premises as a warehouse to store pharmaceutical, medical device and various
other health-related products with a view to further strengthen the Group’s supply chain capabilities. As the
consultation-to-sales conversion rate for the Group’s pharmaceutical direct sales business continues to rise, the
Group considers it necessary to expand its storage capacity so as to maintain the Group’s service efficiency as
well as to facilitate distribution and sales of the Group’s direct sales products. This will also enable the Group to
purchase more at a time from its suppliers, which will add to its bargaining power with its suppliers, thus
reducing its procurement costs and enhancing its profitability.

      As at the date of the Lease Agreement, since Hangzhou Chuanfu was an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary
of Alibaba Holding, Hangzhou Chuanfu was an associate of Perfect Advance and Ali JK and hence a connected
person of the Company and thus the transactions contemplated under the Lease Agreement constitute
connected transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.

(l)   Continuing Connected Transactions — Supply and Purchase Framework Agreement

      On March 30, 2022, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) entered into the renewed
supply and purchase framework agreement (the “2023 Supply and Purchase Framework Agreement”) with
Hangzhou Xinxuan E-Commerce Co., Ltd^ (杭州心選電子商務有限公司) (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries
and affiliates) (“Hangzhou Xinxuan”), pursuant to which the Company has agreed that the Group shall supply
and/or purchase various products to or from Alibaba Group on the platforms and stores operated by Alibaba
Group from time to time and shall also provide other related services, including daily maintenance, inventory
control, pricing, promotional activities and packaging (the “Supply and Purchase of Products and Services”)
in accordance with the standard agreements and terms and conditions as agreed by the parties from time to
time, for a term of one year from April 1, 2022 to March 31, 2023. The annual cap under the 2023 Supply and
Purchase Framework Agreement was RMB140 million (in relation to supply of products) and RMB9.5 million (in
relation to purchase of products), respectively. The aggregate supplies incurred under the 2023 Supply and
Purchase Framework Agreement during the Reporting Period amounted to approximately RMB23.2 million
(during the Corresponding Period: RMB67.7 million). The aggregate purchases incurred under the 2023 Supply
and Purchase Framework Agreement for the Reporting Period was nil (during the Corresponding Period: nil).




44    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                                                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     The Company believes that entering into the 2023 Supply and Purchase Framework Agreement allows the
Group to procure products from and market and sell products on or through platforms, stores and distribution
channels operated by Alibaba Group, which will be able to expand its product portfolio, broaden its customer
base and the source of procurement and generate higher sales volume.

     As at the date of the 2023 Supply and Purchase Framework Agreement, since Hangzhou Xinxuan was an
indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, Hangzhou Xinxuan was an associate of Perfect Advance
and Ali JK and hence a connected person of the Company. The transactions contemplated under the 2023
Supply and Purchase Framework Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company
in accordance with the Listing Rules.

(m) Continuing Connected Transactions — Advertising Services Framework Agreement

     On February 4, 2022, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) and Alibaba Holding (for
itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates) entered into the renewed advertising service framework
agreement (the “2023 Advertising Service Framework Agreement”) for a term of one year from April 1, 2022
to March 31, 2023, pursuant to which Alibaba Group agreed to provide certain advertising services, including
but not limited to the display of advertisements on the various platforms supported by Alibaba Group (the
“Advertising Services”) for a service fee. The annual cap for the service fees payable under the 2023
Advertising Services Framework Agreement was RMB1,850 million, as approved by the independent
Shareholders at the special general meeting held on March 28, 2022. The aggregate service fees incurred under
the 2023 Advertising Service Framework Agreement during the Reporting Period amounted to approximately
RMB1,046.2 million (during the Corresponding Period: approximately RMB824.2 million).

     On February 8, 2023, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries) and Alimama (for itself and
on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates) entered into the renewed advertising services framework agreement
(the “2024 Advertising Services Framework Agreement”) in relation to the provision of the Advertising
Services provided by the Advertising Parties to the Group for a term of one year commencing from April 1, 2023
and ending on March 31, 2024, with an annual cap of RMB2,220 million, as approved by the independent
Shareholders at the special general meeting held on March 29, 2023.

     The Group believes that the advertising services and resources provided by Alibaba Group or the
Advertising Parties (as the case may be) are effective marketing tools and will enable the Group to reach out to
more customers and boost the sales of the Group’s and its clients’ products. Hence, the Group intends to
allocate more resources in advertising services provided by the Advertising Parties going forward and considers
that the entering into of the 2023 Advertising Services Framework Agreement and the 2024 Advertising Services
Framework Agreement would facilitate the administration of the purchase of Advertising Services by the Group.

     As at the date of the 2024 Advertising Services Framework Agreement, since Alimama was an indirect
wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, and Alibaba Holding indirectly controlled the members of the
Advertising Parties, each of the members of the Advertising Parties was an associate of Perfect Advance and Ali
JK and hence was a connected person of the Company. The transactions contemplated under the 2023
Advertising Services Framework Agreement and the 2024 Advertising Services Framework Agreement thus
constitute continuing connected transactions for the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules and were
approved by the independent Shareholders at the special general meetings held on March 28, 2022 and March
29, 2023, respectively, in accordance with the Listing Rules.


                                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   45
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(n)   Continuing Connected Transactions — Software Services Framework Agreement

      On March 30, 2022, the Company (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and associates) entered into
the software services framework agreement (the “2023 Software Services Framework Agreement”) with
Taobao Holding (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates), pursuant to which the Group shall
provide Taobao Group with certain software services including e-commerce platform maintenance related
software services and ancillary support services (the “Software Services”) for merchants selling products and/
or offering services under certain software services categories on Tmall and Tmall Global for a term of one year
from April 1 2022 to March 31, 2023. The annual cap for the service fees payable under the 2023 Software
Services Framework Agreement was RMB96 million (which was later revised to RMB130 million pursuant to an
announcement of the Company dated February 24, 2023). The aggregate service fees incurred under the 2023
Software Services Framework Agreement during the Reporting Period amounted to approximately RMB100.2
million (during the Corresponding Period: approximately RMB62.5 million).

      On March 31, 2023, the same parties entered into the renewed software framework services agreement
(the “2024 Software Services Framework Agreement”), pursuant to which the Group shall provide the
Software Services to the Taobao Group Companies, for a term of one year commencing from April 1, 2023 and
ending on March 31, 2024, with an annual cap of RMB140 million.

      The Company believes that the entering into of the 2023 Software Services Framework Agreement and the
2024 Software Services Framework Agreement will allow the Group to generate revenue and to better optimize
its resources as Alibaba Group’s healthcare flagship platform, but also provides marketing opportunities for the
Group to expand its product portfolio and broaden its customer base. This enables the Group to capture further
market share in view of the rapid growth of the Company’s pharmaceutical direct sales business.

      As at the date of the 2024 Software Services Framework Agreement, since Taobao Holding was a
wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, Taobao Holding was an associate of Perfect Advance and Ali JK
and hence a connected person of the Company. The transactions contemplated under the 2023 Software
Services Framework Agreement and the 2024 Software Services Framework Agreement thus constitute
continuing connected transactions of the Company in accordance with the Listing Rules.




46    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                                                     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(o)   Continuing Connected Transactions — Koubei Services Framework Agreement

      On March 31, 2023, Hangzhou Lukang Health Technology Co., Ltd.^ (杭 州 鹿 康 健 康 科 技 有 限 公 司)
(“Hangzhou Lukang”) (for itself and on behalf of its subsidiaries and affiliates) entered into a services
framework agreement (the “2024 Koubei Services Framework Agreement”) with Koubei (Shanghai)
Information Technology Co., Ltd.^ (口碑（上海）信息技術有限公司) (“Koubei Shanghai”) (for itself and on behalf
of its subsidiaries and affiliates), pursuant to which Hangzhou Lukang agrees to provide Koubei Shanghai with
operational or software services under certain categories of products and services on the platform which are
operated by Koubei Shanghai, its associates and its subsidiaries from time to time, for a term of two years from
April 1, 2023 to March 31, 2025, with annual caps of RMB30 million and RMB30 million for the years ending
March 31, 2024 and 2025, respectively.

      By entering into the 2024 Koubei Services Framework Agreement, the Group will be able to enhance user
experience and improve the operational capabilities of the relevant merchants, and deliver quality services to
these merchants under wider applications. It is also expected that the Group will be able to capitalise on
market opportunities in relation to the rising demand of healthcare and pharmaceutical industries in the PRC
and further expand its market share in these industries.

      As at the date of the 2024 Koubei Services Framework Agreement, since Koubei Shanghai was an indirect
non-wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Holding, Koubei Shanghai was an associate of Perfect Advance and Ali
JK and hence a connected person of the Company. The transactions contemplated under the 2024 Koubei
Services Framework Agreement thus constitute continuing connected transactions of the Company in
accordance with the Listing Rules.

      The Group has imposed internal control procedures to ensure that the continuing connected transactions
are conducted in accordance with the pricing policies or mechanism under the relevant framework agreements.
A specialized internal audit function carried out independent appraisal of the adequacy and effectiveness of the
internal control procedures and reviewed all the connected transactions. Any findings by the internal audit
function have been provided to the Directors to assist them in performing the annual review of the continuing
connected transactions. The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the above continuing
connected transactions and have confirmed that such continuing connected transactions were entered into (i) in
the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group; (ii) on normal commercial terms or better; and (iii) in
accordance with the relevant agreements governing them on terms that are fair and reasonable and in the
interests of the Shareholders as a whole.




                                                           ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   47
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(p)   Continuing Connected Transactions — Contractual Arrangements

      Overview

              The business of the Group involves the provision of commercial Internet information services (the
      “Restricted Businesses”), which in turn requires certain members of the Group to hold value-added
      telecommunication business licenses (the “ICP Licenses”) for the provision of such services. As the
      applicable PRC laws and regulations in force restrict foreign investment in the Restricted Businesses, the
      Group adopted a series of contractual arrangements with respect to two subsidiaries of the Company,
      namely, Hongyun Jiukang Data Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.^ (弘 雲 久 康 數 據 技 術（北 京）有 限 公 司)
      (“Hongyun Jiukang”) and Alibaba Health Hebei Information Technology Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康河北信息技術
      有限公司) (“Alibaba Health Hebei”, together with Hongyun Jiukang, the “Opcos”), which have enabled the
      Group, through its wholly-owned subsidiary, Alibaba Health Technology (China) Co., Ltd^ (阿里健康科技（中
      國）有限公司) (the “WFOE”), to obtain effective control over, and receive all the economic benefits
      generated by, the businesses operated by the Opcos, and the Opcos in turn hold the ICP Licenses and
      operate the Restricted Businesses.

              Prior to the VIE Restructuring (as defined below), the contractual arrangements were entered into
      among the WFOE, each of the Opcos and the two individual registered owners of the Opcos (the
      “Ex-Registered Owners”) (the “Previous Contractual Arrangements”).

              As part of Alibaba Holding’s strategy in enhancing the variable interest entities (the “VIEs”)
      structure, on April 25, 2020, each of the two Ex-Registered Owners under the Previous Contractual
      Arrangements entered into equity transfer agreements with Beijing Jiukangbao Technology Co., Ltd.^ (北京
      久康寶科技有限公司) (“Beijing Jiukangbao”), pursuant to which each of the two Ex-Registered Owners
      agreed to transfer 50% and 50% of the equity interests in each of the Opcos, respectively, to Beijing
      Jiukangbao (the “VIE Restructuring”). On the same day, each of the Opcos became owned as to 100% by
      Beijing Jiukangbao. Beijing Jiukangbao is wholly-owned by Hangzhou Baoxuan Investment Management
      Co., Ltd.^ (杭州寶軒投資管理有限公司), a company established in the PRC with limited liability (the “PRC
      Investco”), which is held as to each 50% by two limited partnerships established in the PRC (the “PRC
      LPs”), both of which were ultimately owned by a company established in the PRC with limited liability
      serving as a general partner of the PRC LPs (the “PRC GP”) and five selected members of the Alibaba
      Partnership or Alibaba Holding’s management who are PRC citizens (the “Five Individuals”).

              On the same day, the Group entered into a series of contractual arrangements (the “Contractual
      Arrangements”) with the Opcos and Beijing Jiukangbao (as the newly registered owner of Opcos) (the
      “Registered Owner”). The Contractual Arrangements contain substantially the same terms as the Previous
      Contractual Arrangements and enable the Group to continue, through the WFOE, to maintain effective
      control over, and receive all the economic benefits generated by, the businesses operated by the Opcos,
      which in turn hold the ICP Licenses and operate the Restricted Businesses through itself and its
      Subsidiaries. Further details in relation to the terms of the Structured Contracts (as defined below) and
      Contractual Arrangements are set out below. Through the Structured Contracts and the Contractual
      Arrangements, the results of operations, assets and liabilities, and cash flows of the Opcos were
      consolidated into the Company’s financial statements, and the Opcos were regarded as indirect
      subsidiaries of the Group under HKFRS 10 during the year ended March 31, 2023.



48    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                                                     DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Particulars of Opcos and their respective Registered Owner

     As at March 31, 2023, the particulars of the Opcos and their respective Registered Owner are as
follows:


                                                                                     Registered
     Name of Opco                                 Registered owner                        capital Principal activities


     Hongyun Jiukang                              100% by Beijing                RMB40,000,000 Provision of Internet
                                                    Jiukangbao                                          information services
                                                                                                        and investment
                                                                                                        holding
     Alibaba Health Hebei                         100% by Beijing                RMB10,000,000 Provision of Internet
                                                    Jiukangbao                                          information services
                                                                                                        and investment
                                                                                                        holding

     The following table sets forth the principal subsidiaries of Hongyun Jiukang as at March 31, 2023.
Alibaba Health Hebei did not have any subsidiary as at March 31, 2023.


     Name of principal subsidiary                 Holding company                    Ownership Principal activities


     Alibaba Health (Hainan) Internet             Hongyun Jiukang                           100% Network hospital services
           Hospital Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康（海南）
           互聯網醫院有限公司)
     Alibaba Health (Hainan) Remote Medical Hongyun Jiukang                                 100% Provision of medical
           Centre Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康（海南）                                                                  services
           遠程醫療中心有限公司)
     Hangzhou Hongyun Kangsheng Equity            Hongyun Jiukang                           100% Investment holding and
           Investment Co., Ltd.^ (杭州弘雲康晟                                                                asset management
           股權投資有限公司)
     Alibaba Health Technology (Guangzhou) Hongyun Jiukang                                  100% Provision of Internet
           Co., Ltd.^ (阿里健康科技（廣州）有限                                                                     information services
           公司)
     Guangzhou Alibaba Health Medical             Hongyun Jiukang                           100% Provision of Internet
           Technology Co., Ltd.^ 廣州市阿里健康                                                                information services
           醫療科技有限公司 (formerly known as
           Alibaba Health Network Hospital Co.,
           Ltd.^ (阿里健康網絡醫院有限公司))
     Chongqing Bianque Health Data                Hongyun Jiukang                           100% Healthcare related
           Technology Co., Ltd^ (重慶扁鵲健康                                                                 technical services
           數據技術有限公司)
     Alibaba Health Technology (Beijing)          Hongyun Jiukang                           100% Provision of Internet
           Company Limited^ (阿里健康科技                                                                     information services
       （北京）有限公司)


                                                           ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   49
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

             Name of principal subsidiary                    Holding company     Ownership Principal activities


             Jiubaoxing Technology (Hainan)                  Hongyun Jiukang           100% Provision of e-commerce
                    Co., Ltd.^ (久寶星科技（海南）有限公司)                                                  sales services
             Hangzhou Kangtao Information                    Hongyun Jiukang           100% Provision of Internet
                    Technology Co., Ltd.^ (杭州康淘信息                                               information services
                    技術有限公司)
             Beijing Zichen Zhengyang Technology             Hongyun Jiukang           100% Provision of Internet
                    Co., Ltd.^ (北京紫宸正陽科技有限公司)                                                   information services

     Summary of the major terms of the Contractual Arrangements

             As at March 31, 2023, there were two sets of ongoing Contractual Arrangements in place:

             (i)      in respect of Hongyun Jiukang, a series of exclusive service agreement, loan agreement, equity
                      interest pledge agreement, powers of attorney on shareholders’ voting rights and exclusive
                      option agreement (the “Structured Contracts”) were entered into among the WFOE (as the
                      Company’s subsidiary), Hongyun Jiukang (as the Opco), and Beijing Jiukangbao (as the
                      Registered Owner); and

             (ii)     in respect of Alibaba Health Hebei, the Structured Contracts were entered into among the WFOE
                      (as the Company’s subsidiary), Alibaba Health Hebei (as the Opco), and Beijing Jiukangbao (as
                      the Registered Owner).

             Each of the above sets of Contractual Arrangements includes substantially similar terms, and such
     terms are substantially consistent with the Previous Contractual Arrangements without substantive
     variation, and a brief summary of the major terms are set out below:

            (1)       Exclusive Service Agreements (獨家服務協議)

                      Pursuant to the exclusive service agreements (the “Exclusive Service Agreements”), the
             relevant Opco agreed to engage the WFOE as its exclusive provider of technical support and
             consultancy services (the “Technical Services”) in connection with the relevant Opco’s business (to
             the extent permitted under the applicable PRC laws) in exchange for service fees. The service fees
             are fixed with reference to the actual content and commercial value of the Technical Services and
             the WFOE may, subject to mutual agreement, adjust the amount of service fees. Unless otherwise
             prescribed under the PRC laws and regulations and subject to limitations under the Exclusive Service
             Agreements, the WFOE shall have exclusive proprietary rights to any intellectual property (including
             but not limited to copyright, patent, technical secret and trade secret) in the work product developed
             by the WFOE or the relevant Opco in the course of the provision of services under the relevant
             Exclusive Service Agreement. Each of the Exclusive Service Agreements has a term of 20 years and
             will be automatically renewed for consecutive terms of one year upon expiry unless otherwise
             notified by the WFOE. The relevant Exclusive Service Agreement shall be terminated prior to
             expiration in the event that the business period of either the WFOE or the relevant Opco expires.




50   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                                        DIRECTORS’ REPORT

(2)   Loan Agreements (借款協議)

      Pursuant to the loan agreements (the “Loan Agreements”), the WFOE agreed to provide any
interest-free loans to the relevant Registered Owner as capital contribution to the relevant Opco only
and may not use such loans for other purposes without the consent of the WFOE. The Registered
Owner, in return for the provision of loans, agreed to enter into an Equity Interest Pledge Agreement
(as defined below) with the WFOE to pledge all of its equity interests in the relevant Opco as
security. The term of each loan under the relevant Loan Agreement is 20 years from the effective
date, or for a period until expiration of the business period of the WFOE or the relevant Opco,
whichever is earlier. The Registered Owner shall repay the loan upon expiration of the term or any
earlier time as may be determined by the WFOE at its absolute discretion. In such circumstances,
unless otherwise prohibited by the applicable laws and regulations, the WFOE or its designee is
entitled to acquire all equity interest held by the relevant Registered Owner in the relevant Opco for
a consideration equal to the loan amount. The Registered Owner shall waive any pre-emptive rights
upon transfer of equity interest in the relevant Opco to the WFOE. Any tax arising from the loan shall
be borne by the Registered Owner and the WFOE in accordance with applicable PRC laws.

(3)   Equity Interest Pledge Agreements (股權質押協議)

      Pursuant to the equity interest pledge agreements (the “Equity Interest Pledge Agreements”),
the Registered Owner agreed to pledge all their respective equity interests in the relevant Opco to
the WFOE, as a security interest to guarantee the performance of contractual obligations and the
payment of outstanding loans of the Registered Owner. Unless due to the intentional misconduct or
gross negligence of the WFOE, the WFOE shall not be liable for any decrease in value of the pledged
interests, and the Registered Owner shall not have any right to claim against the WFOE as a result of
such decrease in value. However, in the event that the decrease in value of the pledged interests
may jeopardize rights of the WFOE, or upon occurrence of default, the WFOE may auction or sell the
pledged interests for and on behalf of the Registered Owner and allocate the money received for
loan prepayment or deposit such money to the WFOE’s local notary office. The pledge in respect of
an Opco takes effect upon the completion of registration with the competent authority and shall
remain valid until all the contractual obligations of the Registered Owner and the relevant Opco
under the relevant set of Contractual Arrangements have been fully performed and that all
outstanding loans have been fully repaid. During the period of the pledge, without the prior written
consent of the WFOE, the Registered Owner shall not create or agree to create any new pledge or
other security on the equity interests of the relevant Opco, nor assign or transfer any of the equity
interests in the relevant Opco.




                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   51
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

            (4)     Powers of Attorney on Shareholders’ Voting Rights (股東表決權委託協議)

                    Pursuant to the powers of attorney on shareholders’ voting rights (the “Powers of Attorney on
             Shareholders’ Voting Rights”), the Registered Owner irrevocably appointed designee(s) of the WFOE,
             who are PRC nationals, to act as its attorney on its behalf to exercise all rights in connection with
             matters concerning its right as shareholder of the relevant Opco, including but not limited to: (i)
             attending the shareholders’ meeting of the relevant Opco as representative of the relevant
             Registered Owner; (ii) exercising shareholders’ voting rights on resolutions at shareholders’ meeting,
             including but not limited to, the designation and appointment of directors and other senior
             management that has to be appointed by the shareholders; (iii) other matters decided or executed
             by the shareholders pursuant to the relevant constitutional documents; and (iv) signing relevant
             documents when the relevant Registered Owner sell or transfer all or part of its equity interests
             pursuant to the Exclusive Option Agreements (as defined below). The Powers of Attorney on
             Shareholders’ Voting Rights shall remain effective for 20 years and will be automatically renewed for
             consecutive terms of one year upon expiry unless otherwise notified by the WFOE. The Powers of
             Attorney on Shareholders’ Voting Rights shall be terminated prior to expiration in the event that the
             business period of either the WFOE or the relevant Opco expires.

            (5)     Exclusive Option Agreements (獨家購買權協議)

                    Pursuant to the exclusive option agreements (the “Exclusive Option Agreements”), the
             Registered Owner agreed to irrevocably, unconditionally and exclusively grant an exclusive option to
             the WFOE so that the WFOE may elect to purchase, when permitted by the then applicable PRC laws,
             all or any part of the equity interests from the Registered Owner and/or all or any of the assets in
             the relevant Opco by themselves or through their designee(s). In the event that any of the options is
             exercised by the WFOE, the transfer price of the relevant equity interests and assets shall correspond
             to the registered capital amount and the net asset value, respectively, or the legal minimum price
             under the then applicable PRC laws (as the case may be). Subject to the applicable PRC laws, the
             Registered Owner shall transfer all the consideration it receives in relation to such transfer of equity
             interests and assets in the relevant Opco (or any proceeds resulting from the dissolution or winding
             up of the relevant Opco or any dividends or distributions received in the capacity of a Registered
             Owner) to the WFOE or its designee, after deduction of applicable taxes and government fees.
             Pursuant to the Exclusive Option Agreements, without the prior written consent of the WFOE, the
             Registered Owner shall not sell, transfer, mortgage or dispose of in any manner any assets of the
             relevant Opco (except in the ordinary course of business) or legal or beneficial interest in the
             business or revenues of the relevant Opco, allow the creation of any security interest thereon, or
             allow the alteration of the registered capital of the relevant Opco or merger of the relevant Opco
             with any other entity. The Exclusive Option Agreements shall remain effective from the execution date
             and terminate when all the equity interests and assets of the relevant Opco have been legally
             transferred to the WFOE or its designee in accordance with the terms of the relevant Exclusive Option
             Agreement.




52   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                                              DIRECTORS’ REPORT

Revenue and assets subject to the Contractual Arrangements

     During the Reporting Period, the Group expanded the scale of investments and business operated
under the Opcos, and revenues generated from and assets held through the Opcos had begun to form a
material portion of the Group’s total revenue and assets. The following table sets forth (i) revenue and (ii)
assets involved in the Opcos which are consolidated into the Group’s financial statements pursuant to the
Contractual Arrangements:

                                                                                      For the year ended
                                                                                         March 31, 2023
                                                                                     Revenue                       Assets
                                                                                                        (proportionate
                                                                                    (RMB’000)         % to the Group)


     Hongyun Jiukang                                                                   638,275                  1,718,202
                                                                                         2.38%                      8.28%
     Alibaba Health Hebei                                                                      —                  119,924
                                                                                             0%                     0.58%

Reasons for using the Contractual Arrangements

     As disclosed above, as the applicable PRC laws and regulations as detailed below in force restrict
foreign investment in the Restricted Businesses and the operation of ICPs which are fundamental to the
Group’s business, the Group participates in the Restricted Businesses through the Contractual
Arrangements.

     According to the Regulations for the Administration of Foreign-Invested Telecommunications
Enterprises (the “FITE Regulations”), the proportion of foreign equity ownership in the entity that provides
commercial Internet information services shall not exceed 50%. Due to such legal restriction on foreign
ownership and investment in the Restricted Businesses which include the operation of ICPs, the Company,
decided that, in line with common practice in industries in the PRC subject to foreign investment
restrictions, the Company would obtain effective control over, and receive all the economic benefits
generated by, the businesses operated by the Opcos through the Contractual Arrangements. In the opinion
of the Company’s PRC legal advisers, the Contractual Arrangements do not violate applicable PRC laws
and regulations.




                                                    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   53
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     Risks associated with the Contractual Arrangements and the actions taken by the Group to mitigate
     the risks

             The Company’s PRC legal advisers had advised us that while the Contractual Arrangements do not
     violate the applicable PRC laws and regulations, there are uncertainties regarding the interpretation and
     application of the applicable PRC laws, rules, and regulations. As such, the Group believes the following
     risks are associated with the Contractual Arrangements:

             (i)     If the PRC government finds that the Contractual Arrangements that allow us to consolidate the
                     results of operations, assets and liabilities, and cash flows of the Opcos which operate the
                     Restricted Businesses do not comply with applicable PRC laws and regulations, we could be
                     subject to penalties and our business may be materially and adversely affected;

             (ii)    Certain terms of the Contractual Arrangements may not be enforceable under the PRC laws;

             (iii)   The Contractual Arrangements may not be as effective in providing control over the Opcos as
                     equity ownership;

             (iv)    Any failure by the Opcos or the Registered Owner to perform their obligations under the
                     Contractual Arrangements would potentially lead to us having to incur additional costs and
                     expend material resources to enforce such arrangements, and/or temporary or permanent loss
                     of control over the Restricted Businesses and the revenue from these businesses;

             (v)     The Registered Owner may have potential conflicts of interest with the Group, which may
                     materially and adversely affect our business and financial condition;

             (vi)    The Contractual Arrangements may be subject to scrutiny by the PRC tax authorities and they
                     may determine that the Company or the Opcos owe(s) additional taxes, which could negatively
                     affect the Group’s financial condition and the value of the Shareholders’ investment;

             (vii) If any of the WFOE or the Opcos becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or liquidation proceeding,
                     we may lose the ability to use and enjoy certain important assets, which could materially and
                     adversely affect our business;

             (viii) The Company’s exercise of the option to acquire the equity interests of the Opcos may be subject
                     to certain limitations and the ownership transfer may incur substantial costs;

             (ix)    The Company does not have any insurance which covers the risks relating to the Contractual
                     Arrangements and the transactions contemplated thereunder; and

             (x)     The Group’s current corporate structure and business operations may be affected by the Foreign
                     Investment Law.




54   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                                                 DIRECTORS’ REPORT

     The Group has adopted the following measures to ensure the effective internal control and
operation of the Group with the implementation of the Contractual Arrangements and the compliance with
the Contractual Arrangements:

     (i)     major issues arising from the implementation and compliance with the Contractual Arrangements
             or any regulatory enquiries from government authorities will be submitted to the Board, if
             necessary, for review and discussion on an occurrence basis;

     (ii)    the Board will review the overall performance of and compliance with the Contractual
             Arrangements at least once a year;

     (iii)   the Company will disclose the overall performance of and compliance with the Contractual
             Arrangements in its annual reports; and

     (iv)    the Company will engage external legal advisers or other professional advisers, if necessary, to
             assist the Board to review the implementation of the Contractual Arrangements, review the
             legal compliance of the WFOE and the Opcos to deal with specific issues or matters arising
             from the Contractual Arrangements.

Material changes in the foreign ownership restriction requirements

     The Contractual Arrangements have been put in place purely to allow the Group to comply with the
foreign ownership restrictions under FITE Regulations. Save as disclosed, during the Reporting Period,
there was no other material change in the Contractual Arrangements and/or the circumstances under
which they were adopted, and none of the Contractual Arrangements had been unwound as the
regulatory restrictions that led to their adoptions were not removed.

Listing Rules implications

     Upon a recent review by Alibaba Group of its overall VIE profile, the Company was informed that
there was an additional layer of contractual arrangements among the Five Individuals, the PRC GP, the PRC
LPs and a wholly-owned subsidiary of Alibaba Group, pursuant to which Alibaba Holding obtains effective
control over, and receives all the economic benefits of Beijing Jiukangbao (the “Additional VIE
Arrangement”). Accordingly, Beijing Jiukangbao is consolidated into the financial statements of Alibaba
Group under the Additional VIE Arrangement for accounting treatment purposes.

     As such, Beijing Jiukangbao, being an associate of Alibaba Holding (which in turn is the ultimate
controlling shareholder and a connected person of the Company), was or is, as the case may be, a
connected person of the Company as at the date when the Contractual Arrangements were entered into
and as at the date of this report. Therefore, the continuing transactions under the Contractual
Arrangements constitute continuing connected transactions for the Company under Chapter 14A of the
Listing Rules.




                                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   55
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

             The Directors (including the independent non-executive Directors) are of the view that it is
     inappropriate for the Company to (i) set an annual cap for the transactions under the Contractual
     Arrangements under Rule 14A.53 of the Listing Rules; or (ii) limit the term of the Contractual Arrangements
     to three years or less under Rule 14A.52 of the Listing Rules on the following grounds:

             (i)     the Previous Contractual Arrangements has been in place since in or around mid-2016 and the
                     Contractual Arrangements have terms substantially consistent with those of the Previous
                     Contractual Arrangements, and all necessary factual information about the Contractual
                     Arrangements have been disclosed in the annual reports;

             (ii)    the Contractual Arrangements and the transactions contemplated thereunder are fundamental
                     to the Group’s legal structure and business operations as the adoption of the Contractual
                     Arrangements enables the Group to continue, through the WFOE, to maintain effective control
                     over, and receive all the economic benefits generated by, the businesses operated by the
                     Opcos, which in turn hold the ICP Licenses and operate the Restricted Businesses;

             (iii)   the Contractual Arrangements are for fixed terms and for a fixed period, and are entered into
                     for the benefit of the Group, and unlike typical connected transactions, since the Registered
                     Owner acts as shareholder of the Opcos to facilitate the arrangements whereby economic
                     benefits from the Opcos are transferred to the Company, there is no concern of leakage of
                     economic benefits to connected persons to the detriment of minority shareholders of the
                     Company under the Contractual Arrangements;

             (iv)    the Directors (including the independent non-executive Directors), consider that the Contractual
                     Arrangements are on normal commercial terms or on terms more favourable to the Group, in
                     the ordinary and usual course of business of the Group and are fair and reasonable or to the
                     advantage of the Group, and are in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a
                     whole; and

             (v)     the Company believes that it will not be in the interests of the Company and the Shareholders
                     to set any annual cap on the amounts of fees payable to the Company under the Contractual
                     Arrangements.

             Pursuant to Rule 14A.52 of the Listing Rules, the Group has obtained the opinion from an
     independent financial adviser, pursuant to which the independent financial adviser considers that in
     relation to the Contractual Arrangements, (i) the continuing connected transactions in respect of the
     Contractual Arrangements have been entered into in the Group’s ordinary and usual course of business on
     normal commercial terms, on terms that are fair and reasonable, and in the interest of the Company and
     the Shareholders as a whole; (ii) a term of longer than three years is required for the Contractual
     Arrangements; and (iii) it is normal business practice for the Contractual Arrangements to be of such
     duration exceeding three years. For details, please refer to the announcement of the Company dated June
     30, 2023.




56   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                                                      DIRECTORS’ REPORT

            Based on the above, the Contractual Arrangements shall continue to be in place for so long as the
     shares of the Company are listed on the Stock Exchange subject to the following internal measures to
     safeguard the Contractual Arrangements:

            (i)     no change without independent non-executive Directors’ approval;

            (ii)    no change without independent Shareholders’ approval;

            (iii)   the Contractual Arrangements shall continue to enable our Group to receive the economic
                    benefits derived by the Opcos; and

            (iv)    the Group will disclose details relating to the Contractual Arrangements on an ongoing basis.

     Confirmation from the independent non-executive Directors

            The independent non-executive Directors have reviewed the Contractual Arrangements and
     confirmed that:

            (i)     the transactions carried out during the Reporting Period have been entered into in accordance
                    with the relevant provisions of the Contractual Arrangements;

            (ii)    no dividends or other distributions have been made by the Opcos to Beijing Jiukangbao which
                    are not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the Group during the Reporting
                    Period; and

            (iii)   any contracts entered into between the Group and the Opcos during Reporting Period are fair
                    and reasonable, or advantageous to the Shareholders, so far as the Group is concerned and in
                    the interests of the Company and the Shareholders as a whole.

     Ernst & Young, the Company’s auditor, was engaged to report on the Group’s continuing connected
transactions in accordance with Hong Kong Standard on Assurance Engagements 3000 (Revised) Assurance
Engagements Other Than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial Information and with reference to Practice
Note 740 (Revised) Auditor’s Letter on Continuing Connected Transactions under the Hong Kong Listing Rules
issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The Company’s auditor has confirmed in a
letter to the Board that, with respect to the aforesaid continuing connected transactions entered into in the year
ended March 31, 2023:

     (i)    nothing has come to the auditor’s attention that causes it to believe that the disclosed continuing
            connected transactions have not been approved by the Board;

     (ii)   for transactions involving the provision of goods or services by the Group, nothing has come to the
            auditor’s attention that causes it to believe that the transactions were not, in all material respects, in
            accordance with the pricing policies of the Group;




                                                            ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   57
DIRECTORS’ REPORT

      (iii)    nothing has come to the auditor’s attention that causes it to believe that the transactions were not
               entered into, in all material respects, in accordance with the relevant agreements governing such
               transactions;

      (iv)     with respect to the disclosed continuing connected transactions with the Registered Owner and the
               Opcos under the Contractual Arrangements, nothing has come to the auditor’s attention that causes
               it to believe that dividends or other distributions have been made by the Opcos to the holders of the
               equity interests of the Opcos which are not otherwise subsequently assigned or transferred to the
               Group; and

      (v)      with respect to the aggregate amount of each of the continuing connected transactions (other than
               the transactions under the Contractual Arrangements), nothing has come to the auditor’s attention
               that causes it to believe that the disclosed continuing connected transactions have exceeded the
               annual cap as set by the Company.

      A copy of the auditor’s letter has been provided by the Company to the Stock Exchange.


RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

      During the year, save as disclosed in note 33 to the consolidated financial statements, the Group had no
material transactions with its related parties.

      The Directors have conducted review of such related party transactions of the Group during the Reporting
Period. In respect of the related party transactions which also constitute connected transactions or continuing
connected transaction as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules, and the Company has complied with the
relevant connected transaction requirements under Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules in respect of those
connected transactions or continuing connected transactions. The Directors were not aware of any transactions
requiring disclosure of connected transactions in accordance with the Listing Rules except for those disclosed in
this report.


MANAGEMENT CONTRACTS

      No contracts concerning the management and administration of the whole or any substantial part of the
business of the Company were entered into or existed during the Reporting Period.


PERMITTED INDEMNITY PROVISION

      A permitted indemnity provision for the benefit of the Directors is currently in force and was in force
throughout the Reporting Period. The Company has taken out and maintained appropriate insurance coverage
in respect of potential legal actions against the Directors and officers of the Company.




58   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                                                    DIRECTORS’ REPORT

DIRECTORS’ INTERESTS IN A COMPETING BUSINESS

     During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, none of the Directors is considered to have
interests in a business which competes or is likely to compete, either directly or indirectly, with the business of
the Group and has any other conflicts of interest, as required to be disclosed under the Listing Rules.


TAX RELIEF

     The Company is not aware of any relief on taxation available to the Shareholders by reason of their
holdings of the Shares. If the Shareholders are unsure about the taxation implications of purchasing, holding,
disposing of, dealing in, or exercising of any rights in relation to the Shares, they are advised to consult their
professional advisers.


SUFFICIENCY OF PUBLIC FLOAT

     Based on information that is publicly available to the Company and to the knowledge of the Directors, at
least 25% of the Company’s total issued share capital was held by the public as at the date of this report.


AUDITOR

     There have been no changes in the auditors of the Company in any of the preceding three years. A
resolution for the reappointment of Ernst & Young as auditor of the Company will be proposed at the
forthcoming annual general meeting.




On behalf of the Board

Zhu Shunyan
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

Hong Kong
May 23, 2023

^
     For identification purpose only




                                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   59
BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

     Mr. Zhu Shunyan, aged 52, was appointed as an executive Director, Chairman of the Board and Chief
Executive Officer of the Company on March 16, 2020. Mr. Zhu is a partner of the Alibaba Partnership and the
President of the Innovation Initiatives Segment of the ultimate controlling shareholder of the Company, Alibaba
Holding (with its American depositary shares, each representing eight ordinary shares, listed on the New York
Stock Exchange (Stock Symbol: BABA), and its ordinary shares listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange
(Stock Code: 9988)). He was a director of Meinian Onehealth Healthcare Holdings Co., Ltd.^ (美年大健康產業控股
股份有限公司), a company listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange (Stock Code: 2044) from May 2020 to October
2021. Prior to joining Alibaba Group, Mr. Zhu founded Wuhan Xuncai Technology Co., Ltd.^ (武漢迅彩科技公司)
in 2003. He joined the founding team of UC Browser in 2007 as senior vice president, and was responsible for
the marketing and commercialization of UC Browser. The business of UC Browser was acquired by Alibaba
Group in June 2014. Subsequently, Mr. Zhu had served as (i) the president of Alimama Business Group, a
leading big data marketing platform in the PRC operated by Alibaba Group; (ii) the president of UC Browser;
(iii) the president of New Media Businesses of Alibaba Digital Media & Entertainment Business Group,
responsible for the business departments of UC Browser, Alibaba Music and Innovation Business; and (iv) the
president of the Intelligent Information Business Group. Mr. Zhu obtained a Bachelor of Science Degree in
Mathematics in 1993 from Yanshan University in the PRC. He obtained a Master Degree in Computing Software
in 1996 from Huazhong University of Science and Technology in the PRC.

     Mr. Shen Difan, aged 44, was appointed as an executive Director on October 13, 2021. He is currently the
chief operating officer of the Company. He has been a special assistant to the chairman of the board of
directors of Alibaba Holding since March 2020. Mr. Shen was an executive Director and chief executive officer of
the Company from March 2018 to March 2020. Prior to the previous term with the Company, he was the general
manager of Alibaba Group’s AliExpress business from March 2012, leading the rapid expansion of AliExpress
and growing Alibaba Group’s overseas brand influence. Mr. Shen had held various positions in Alibaba Group
since he joined in 2004, including in relation to B2B product operations, and in the security department and
advertising product department. Mr. Shen holds a Bachelor Degree in Computing from Yantai University.
Mr. Shen also acts as a consultant to Alibaba Group.




60   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     Mr. Tu Yanwu, aged 45, was appointed as an executive director on October 23, 2020. He has been the
chief financial officer of the Company since April 2020, and is responsible for the overall financial management
and the formulation and implementation of the Group’s strategies. Prior to that, Mr. Tu was a senior finance
director of the Group from September 2019 to March 2020, and was seconded to Guizhou Ensure Chain
Pharmacy Company Limited^ (貴州一樹連鎖藥業有限公司) to act as its chief financial officer and senior vice
president from October 2018 to August 2019. Before joining the Group, Mr. Tu was the finance director of WuXi
AppTec Co., Ltd.^ (無錫藥明康德新藥開發股份有限公司) (“WuXi AppTec”) from December 2015 to September 2018,
where he led the accounting and reporting team since the delisting of WuXi PharmaTech (Cayman) Inc. from the
New York Stock Exchange through the initial public offering and listing of WuXi AppTec on the Shanghai Stock
Exchange. From April 2008 to April 2015, Mr. Tu held various finance positions at different departments of
General Motors, including being in charge of special projects in the Asia-Pacific region and holding financial
reporting and management positions in the North American region. Mr. Tu also had over five years of
experience in auditing at Arthur Anderson and PricewaterhouseCoopers in Shanghai where he led the audit
team to work on initial public offering and listing projects across different industries. Mr. Tu obtained a
Bachelor of Arts Degree in Economics and Business Administration in June 2001 from Fudan University and he is
also a member of the Chinese Institute of Certified Public Accountants.


NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR

     Mr. Li Faguang, aged 47, was appointed as a non-executive Director on October 13, 2021 and resigned
on May 15, 2023.

     Ms. Huang Jiaojiao, aged 41, was appointed as a non-executive Director on May 15, 2023. She has
worked at Alibaba Holding since December 2017 and is currently its senior finance director. Ms. Huang has
extensive experience in financial management. Prior to that, she was the senior finance manager of Alibaba
Group from February 2012 to April 2016. Before joining Alibaba Group, Ms. Huang worked at the Shanghai
branch of KPMG Huazhen LLP from August 2004 to February 2012 with her last position as audit manager. She
obtained a Bachelor’s degree of Management majoring in Accounting in July 2004 from the Shanghai University
of Finance and Economics in the PRC.


INDEPENDENT NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTORS

     Mr. Luo Tong, aged 56, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on May 9, 2014. Mr. Luo
is currently the chief strategy officer of Yiguo Information Technology Co., Ltd. Mr. Luo has over 20 years of
experience of retailing operation and management. Before joining the Board, he worked as the regional
general manager for Walmart’s Zhejiang Province Operations, the vice president of operations and
development for China Nepstar Chain Drugstore Ltd., the vice president of operations for Tesiro Jewellery
Company and the general manager of retail development of Guangzhou Pharmaceuticals Corporation. Mr. Luo
has obtained a diploma in business administration from Guangzhou Finance and Trade Management Institute
and a diploma in English from Guangdong Social Science College.




                                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   61
BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

     Mr. Wong King On, Samuel, aged 70, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on May 9,
2014. Mr. Wong was an independent non-executive director and chairman of the audit committee of Analogue
Holdings Limited (Stock Code: 1977), a company listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange from May 2018
to June 2023. During the period from October 2010 to November 2013, Mr. Wong was an independent
non-executive director and chairman of the audit committee of Yashili International Holdings Limited (Stock
Code: 1230) which was listed on the Main Board of the Stock Exchange. Mr. Wong has over 30 years of
experience in accounting and finance. Mr. Wong joined Ernst & Young in October 1979 and was elected to its
partnership in January 1993. Mr. Wong was the managing partner, China Central of Ernst & Young and a
member of the management committee of the China firm of Ernst & Young from 2005 until his retirement in
2010. Mr. Wong was a professor of practice (accounting) of the school of accounting and finance of the Hong
Kong Polytechnic University from September 2013 to August 2016, and also an adjunct professor of the school
of accounting & finance of the Hong Kong Polytechnic University from 2002 to 2010. Mr. Wong was the
president of Association of Chartered Certified Accountants (ACCA) Hong Kong for 1998–1999 and a member of
the global council of ACCA from 1999 to 2005. Mr. Wong was also the first non-European global president of
ACCA for 2003–2004. Mr. Wong is a member of the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants, a
member of the ACCA and a Certified Practising Accountant Australia. Mr. Wong obtained a master of business
administration degree from the University of Bradford, United Kingdom in December 1978. Mr. Wong was
awarded the Binder Hamlyn Prize for the best student in financial management in 1978.

     Ms. Huang Yi Fei (Vanessa), aged 50, was appointed as an independent non-executive Director on June
9, 2019. Ms. Huang is currently a General Partner at BioVeda China Fund (BVCF). Ms. Huang has over 20 years
of investment banking experience in the United States and Hong Kong. Prior to joining BVCF, she was Head of
Emerging Asia Healthcare Investment Banking at J.P. Morgan. During her time in investment banking, Ms. Huang
worked with companies and investors across Asia Pacific as well as global multinational companies and
institutional investors. Her coverage included all subsectors of healthcare including pharmaceutical, biotech,
medtech and services. She advised on multiple cross-border mergers and acquisitions and different stages of
capital raising. Ms. Huang is a member of the Biotech Advisory Panel of the Stock Exchange and a member of
the Admission Panel of the Incu-Bio Incubation Programme of the Hong Kong Science and Technology Parks
Corporation. Ms. Huang holds a Master of Business Administration from The Wharton School, University of
Pennsylvania.




62   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
BIOGRAPHICAL INFORMATION OF DIRECTORS AND SENIOR MANAGEMENT

COMPANY SECRETARY

     Ms. Lee Wai Yan Vivian, was appointed as the company secretary of the Company on August 24, 2020
and resigned on June 30, 2022.

     Ms. Chun Ka Yan, was appointed as the company secretary of the Company on June 30, 2022. Ms. Chun
has more than 10 years of working experience in the legal field and is currently a senior legal counsel in
Alibaba Group. Prior to joining Alibaba Group, she was a partner in P. C. Woo & Co. from November 2019 to
January 2022. She also worked at various local and international law firms from 2010 to 2019. Ms. Chun
obtained a Bachelor of Business Administration degree from The Hong Kong University of Science and
Technology and a Graduate Diploma in Law (Common Professional Examination). She was admitted as a
solicitor of the High Court of Hong Kong in 2010 and is currently a member of the Law Society of Hong Kong.

     Save as disclosed in this report, each of the Directors did not (i) have any relationship with any Directors,
senior management, substantial Shareholders or controlling Shareholders; (ii) hold any directorship in any other
Hong Kong or overseas listed public companies in the last three years; and (iii) hold any other positions with
the Company or other members of the Group. For details of the interests and short positions of the Directors in
the share capital and underlying shares of the Company or its associated corporations within the meaning of
Part XV of the Securities and Futures Ordinance (the “SFO”), please refer to the section headed “Directors’ and
Chief Executive’s Interests and Short Positions in Shares and Underlying Shares”. Further, save as disclosed in
this report, there is no other matter with respect to the Directors that needs to be brought to the attention of
the Shareholders and there is no other information of the Directors that is required to be disclosed pursuant to
Rule 13.51(2) of the Listing Rules.

^
     For identification purpose only




                                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   63
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     The Company strives to attain and maintain high standards of corporate governance continuously as it
believes that effective corporate governance practices are fundamental to safeguarding the interests of its
Shareholders and other stakeholders, and to enhancing shareholder value.

     In the opinion of the Board, throughout the Reporting Period, the Company has complied with the code
provisions (“Code Provision(s)”) set out in the Corporate Governance Code (the “CG Code”) under Appendix 14
to the Listing Rules, except in respect of the following matters:

     According to Code Provision C.2.1, the roles of chairman and chief executive officer should be separate
and should not be performed by the same individual. Mr. Zhu Shunyan has been appointed as both the
chairman of the Board (the “Chairman”) and the chief executive officer of the Company (the “Chief Executive
Officer”), with effect from March 16, 2020. After joining the Group, Mr. Zhu is primarily responsible for
overseeing the Group’s general management and business development and for formulating business
strategies and policies for our business management and operations. The Directors consider that it is the most
suitable for Mr. Zhu to hold both the positions of the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer as they believe
that it will ensure consistent leadership within the Group and enables more effective and efficient overall
strategic planning of the Group. The Board is also of the view that the balance of power and authority for the
present arrangement will not be impaired and this structure will enable our Company to make and implement
decisions promptly and effectively. The Board will continue to review and consider splitting the roles of the
Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer at a time when it is appropriate and suitable by taking into account
the circumstances of the Group as a whole.

     Code Provision D.1.2 stipulates that management should provide all members of the Board with monthly
updates giving a balanced and understandable assessment of the Company’s performance, position and
prospects in sufficient details to enable the Board as a whole and each Director to discharge their duties under
Rule 3.08 and Chapter 13 of the Listing Rules. The Company from time to time, based on business needs and
conditions, provides to the Board up-to-date business information and convenes ad hoc meetings for
considering material business or management issues, so as to enable the Directors and the Board as a whole
to discharge their duties.


THE BOARD

Composition

     As at March 31, 2023 and up to the date of this report, the Board comprised seven Directors, including (i)
three executive Directors, namely Mr. Zhu Shunyan, Mr. Shen Difan and Mr. Tu Yanwu; (ii) one non-executive
Director, Ms. Huang Jiaojiao (Mr. Li Faguang resigned on May 15, 2023); and (iii) three independent
non-executive Directors, namely Mr. Luo Tong, Mr. Wong King On, Samuel and Ms. Huang Yi Fei (Vanessa). The
name and biographical details of each Director are disclosed on pages 60 to 62 of this report.




64   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     The non-executive Directors and the independent non-executive Directors are appointed for a term of one
year and their respective appointment shall be renewable automatically for successive term of one year each
commencing from the next day after the expiry of the then current term of their appointment unless terminated
by the Company in accordance with the term of their appointment letters and the provisions of the bye-laws of
the Company, respectively.

     During the Reporting Period and up to the date of this report, all Directors have brought a wide spectrum
of valuable business experience, knowledge and professionalism to the Board for the efficient and effective
delivery of the Board’s functions. The independent non-executive Directors are invited to serve on the Audit
Committee, the Remuneration Committee and the nomination committee (the “Nomination Committee”) of the
Company.

     Each independent non-executive Director, pursuant to the guidelines set out in rule 3.13 of the Listing
Rules, has confirmed he/she had been independent of the Company throughout the Reporting Period and up to
the date of this report, and the Company also considers that they have been independent. Each independent
non-executive Director is subject to the requirement that one-third of all the Directors shall retire from office by
rotation at each annual general meeting pursuant to the bye-laws of the Company. Save as disclosed, there is
no relationship (including financial, business, family or other material or relevant relationship) between each
Director (including independent non-executive Directors) and the other members of the Board or the senior
management and between the Chairman and the Chief Executive Officer.

Function

     The key responsibilities of the Board include, among other things, formulating the Group’s overall
strategies, setting any major acquisition and disposal, major capital investment and dividend policies,
regulating and reviewing internal controls, formulating the Company’s corporate governance policy, supervising
management’s performance and reviewing the adequacy of the Group’s resources.

     In addition, the Board reserves the authority to make final decisions for all major matters of the Company,
which include among others, approving and monitoring of all policy matters, overall strategies and budgets,
risk management and internal control systems, adoption of various corporate governance policies, dividend
payout (if any), preparation and release of financial information, material and connected transactions,
appointment of Directors and other significant financial and operational matters.

     In order to enhance efficiency, the Board has delegated the day-to-day responsibilities, operations and
decisions to the executive Directors and the senior management of the Company who perform their duties
under the leadership of the Chief Executive Officer of the Company.

     The independent non-executive Directors play a significant role on the Board by virtue of their
independent judgment and their views carry significant weight in the Board’s decisions. They bring an impartial
view on issues of the Company’s strategies, performance and controls.

     The Company views that well-developed and timely reporting systems and internal controls are essential,
and the Board plays a key role in the implementation and monitoring of internal financial controls.




                                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   65
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     The Board recognizes that corporate governance should be the collective responsibility of Directors and
their corporate governance duties include:

     (a)     to develop and review the Company’s policies and practices on corporate governance and to make
             recommendations to the Board;

     (b)     to review and monitor the training and continuous professional development of Directors and senior
             management;

     (c)     to review and monitor the Company’s policies and practices on compliance with legal and regulatory
             requirements;

     (d)     to develop, review and monitor the code of conduct and compliance manual applicable to employees
             and Directors; and

     (e)     to review the Company’s compliance with the CG Code and disclosure in the corporate governance
             report.

Chairman and Chief Executive Officer

     Mr. Zhu Shunyan has been appointed as the Chairman of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer of the
Company, with effect from March 16, 2020, which does not comply with Code Provision C.2.1 requiring the roles
of chairman and chief executive officer to be separate and not to be performed by the same individual.

     After joining the Group, Mr. Zhu is primarily responsible for overseeing the Group’s general management
and business development and for formulating business strategies and policies for our business management
and operations. The Directors consider that it is suitable for Mr. Zhu to hold both the positions of the Chairman
of the Board and the Chief Executive Officer as they believe that such arrangement will ensure consistent
leadership within the Group and enable more effective and efficient overall strategic planning of the Group. The
Board is also of the view that the balance of power and authority under the present arrangement will not be
impaired and this structure will enable our Company to make and implement decisions promptly and
effectively. The Board will regularly review and consider splitting the roles of the Chairman of the Board and the
Chief Executive Officer at a time when it is appropriate and suitable by taking into account the circumstances of
the Group as a whole.




66   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                  CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     The Board held seven Board meetings during the Reporting Period. Agenda and accompanying board
papers were sent to all Directors in a timely manner. Directors who could not attend in person could participate
through electronic means of communications. Individual attendance of each Director at the Board meetings,
Board Committee meetings and general meetings during the Reporting Period are set out in the table below:

                                          Number of meetings attended/Number of meetings eligible to attend
                                       Annual      Special                          Audit      Remuneration         Nomination
                                       General    General          Board      Committee            Committee         Committee
     Directors                         Meeting    Meeting       Meeting          Meeting              Meeting           Meeting


     Executive Directors
     Mr. Zhu Shunyan (Chairman)            1/1        1/1             7/7             N/A                  N/A                 1/1
     Mr. Shen Difan                        1/1        1/1             7/7             N/A                  N/A                 N/A
     Mr. Tu Yanwu                          1/1        1/1             7/7             N/A                  N/A                 N/A


     Non-executive Director
     Mr. Li Faguang
        (resigned on May 15, 2023)         1/1        1/1             7/7             N/A                   1/1                N/A


     Independent Non-executive
        Directors
     Mr. Luo Tong                          1/1        1/1             7/7              3/3                 N/A                 1/1
     Mr. Wong King On, Samuel              1/1        1/1             7/7              3/3                  1/1                1/1
     Ms. Huang Yi Fei (Vanessa)            1/1        1/1             7/7              3/3                  1/1                N/A

Directors’ Training

     Each newly-appointed Director is offered training by the Company upon his or her appointment, so as to
ensure that they have appropriate understanding of the Company’s business and they are aware of their duties
as directors under the applicable laws and regulations.




                                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   67
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     Pursuant to Code Provision C.1.4, all directors should participate in continuous professional development
to develop and refresh their knowledge and skills. This is to ensure that their contribution to the Board remains
informed and relevant. During the Reporting Period, all of the following Directors participated in continuous
professional development by attending seminar or by self-studying of materials on topics related to corporate
governance, regulations and business:

Executive Directors

Mr. Zhu Shunyan                                      Attend seminar and self-study
Mr. Shen Difan                                       Attend seminar and self-study
Mr. Tu Yanwu                                         Attend seminar and self-study

Non-executive Director

Mr. Li Faguang                                       Attend seminar and self-study
  (resigned on May 15, 2023)

Independent Non-executive Directors

Mr. Luo Tong                                         Attend seminar and self-study
Mr. Wong King On, Samuel                             Attend seminar and self-study
Ms. Huang Yi Fei (Vanessa)                           Attend seminar and self-study

Board Committees

     During the Reporting Period, the Company maintained the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee
and the Remuneration Committee in compliance with the Listing Rules and the relevant Code Provisions. The
terms of reference for the Audit Committee, the Nomination Committee and the Remuneration Committee were
revised and adopted on December 7, 2022. The revised terms of reference are available on the websites of the
Stock Exchange and the Company.

Remuneration Committee

     During the Reporting Period, the Remuneration Committee comprised Ms. Huang Yi Fei (Vanessa)
(Chairman), Mr. Li Faguang and Mr. Wong King On, Samuel, with specific terms of reference which clearly deals
with its authority and duties.




68   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     The main duties of the Remuneration Committee include:

     (a)   to make recommendations to the Board on the Company’s policy and structure for all Directors and
           senior management remuneration and other remuneration related matters and on the establishment
           of a formal and transparent procedure for developing the remuneration policy;

     (b)   to assess the performance of executive Directors and approve the terms of executive Directors’ service
           contract and make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration packages of individual
           executive Directors and senior management, including benefits in kind, pension rights and
           compensation payments (including any compensation payable for loss or termination of their office
           or appointment);

     (c)   to make recommendations to the Board on the remuneration of non-executive Directors;

     (d)   to review and approve the management’s remuneration proposals with reference to the Board’s
           corporate goals and objectives; and

     (e)   to review, provide its view on and/or approve matters relating to share schemes under Chapter 17 of
           the Listing Rules (including but not limited to any change to the terms of share options or awards
           granted to the Directors and the management of the Company).

     The Remuneration Committee held one meeting during the Reporting Period. The Remuneration Committee
discussed and made recommendations on the remuneration to be paid to the Directors for the Reporting
Period, and the grant of share options and restricted share units under the share award scheme of the
Company adopted by the Company on November 24, 2014.

     Apart from the 1,353,302 RSUs granted to six grantees which shall vest within one year from the date of
grant on September 15, 2022, none of the Share Awards granted to the grantees during the Reporting Period
have a vesting period that is less than 12 months. The Share Awards granted during the Reporting Period are
not subject to performance targets but are subject to the clawback mechanism in which any circumstances as
specified in the respective grant letter shall arise, which include among others, the termination of the grantee’s
employment or service by the Company or any of its subsidiaries by reason of the employer terminating the
contract of employment without notice or payment in lieu of notice, the grantee has committed an act of theft,
embezzlement, fraud, dishonesty, ethical breach or other similar acts or the commission of a criminal offence or
any conduct that is materially adverse to the name, reputation or interests of the Group, the Share Awards
granted but unvested will automatically lapse and not be exercisable (with regard to share options), in respect
of the underlying Shares with effect upon the occurrence of the relevant circumstances.

     Having considered that (i) the grantees are Directors, directors of subsidiaries of the Company, employees
of the Company and employees of affiliate(s) of the Company and the grant of Share Awards would provide
them with the opportunity to acquire equity interests in the Company as recognition of their contribution to the
success and development of the Group, and (ii) the Share Awards vest over a certain time period on a yearly
basis which motivates them to remain with, and to strive for the future development and expansion of, the
Group and the Remuneration Committee considered that performance targets are not necessary for the Share
Awards granted.




                                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   69
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     Having considered the above, the Remuneration Committee was of the view that it is appropriate to
approve the grant of Share Awards on such terms to the grantees as it would encourage them to work towards
the success of the Group and reinforce their commitment to providing long term services to the Group, which
aligns with the interests of the Company and its shareholders and is in line with the purpose of the Share
Award Scheme.

Audit Committee

     During the Reporting Period, the Audit Committee comprised Mr. Wong King On, Samuel (Chairman),
Mr. Luo Tong and Ms. Huang Yi Fei (Vanessa), with specific terms of reference which clearly deals with its
authority and duties.

     The main duties of the Audit Committee include:

     (a)     to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment, reappointment and removal of the
             external auditor, and to approve the remuneration and terms of engagement of the external auditor,
             and any questions in relation to its resignation or dismissal;

     (b)     to discuss with the external auditor the nature and scope of the audit and reporting obligations before
             the audit commences;

     (c)     to review the half-year and annual financial statements and annual and interim reports and accounts
             before submission to the Board;

     (d)     to discuss problems and reservations arising from the interim and final audits, and any matters the
             auditor may wish to discuss;

     (e)     to review the external auditor’s management letter, any material queries raised by the auditor to the
             management about the accounting records, financial accounts or systems of control and
             management’s response;

     (f)     to review the Company’s financial controls, risk management systems and internal control systems;

     (g)     to review and monitor the effectiveness of the internal audit function, and ensure coordination with
             the external auditor, and ensure the internal audit function has adequate resources and appropriate
             standing within the Company;

     (h)     to discuss the risk management and internal control system with management to ensure that
             management has performed its duty to have an effective system. This discussion should include the
             adequacy of resources, staff qualifications and experience, training program and budget of the
             Company’s accounting and financial reporting function;

     (i)     to report on how it met its responsibilities in its review of the interim and annual results of the
             Company; and

     (j)     to consider the major investigation findings on risk management and internal control matters and
             management’s response to these findings (if any).


70   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     The Audit Committee held three meetings during the Reporting Period. The Audit Committee reviewed the
consolidated financial statements of the Company for the Corresponding Period and for the six months period
ended September 30, 2022, re-appointment of Ernst & Young as auditor of the Company, internal controls and
risk management system and Ernst & Young’s audit plan for the Reporting Period, and made relevant
recommendations to the Board for its approval.

     During the Reporting Period, a specialized internal audit function carried out the analysis and independent
appraisal of the adequacy and effectiveness of the Company’s risk management and internal control systems.

Nomination Committee

     The Nomination Committee comprised Mr. Zhu Shunyan (Chairman), Mr. Luo Tong and Mr. Wong King On,
Samuel, with specific terms of reference which clearly deals with its authority and duties.

     The main duties of the Nomination Committee include:

     (a)   to review the structure, size, composition and diversity (including but not limited to gender, age,
           cultural and educational background, professional experience, skills and knowledge) of the Board at
           least annually and to make recommendations on any proposed changes to the Board to
           complement the Company’s corporate strategy;

     (b)   to identify individuals suitably qualified to become members of the Board and to select or to make
           recommendations to the Board on the selection of individuals nominated for directorships;

     (c)   to assess the independence of the independent non-executive Directors; and

     (d)   to make recommendations to the Board on the appointment, re-appointment or removal of Directors
           and succession planning for Directors, in particular the chairman of the Board and the chief
           executive officer of the Company.

     The Nomination Committee held one meeting during the Reporting Period. The Nomination Committee,
identified and nominated qualified individual(s) for appointment as additional Director(s) or to fill Board
vacancies as and when they arise, assessed the independence of the independent non-executive Directors,
reviewed the retirement schedule, made recommendations on the retirement and re-election of Directors and
reviewed the composition, size and diversity of the Board.


NOMINATION POLICY

     The Board has adopted a nomination policy which sets out the criteria and process in the nomination and
appointment of Directors. Below are the nomination procedures and the process and criteria adopted by the
Nomination Committee to select and recommend candidates for directorship.




                                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   71
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Selection Criteria

      The Nomination Committee shall consider the following criteria in evaluating and selecting candidates for
directorships:

      •       character and integrity;

      •       qualifications including professional qualifications, skills, knowledge and experience and diversity
              aspects under the Board Diversity Policy that are relevant to the Company’s business and corporate
              strategy;

      •       any measurable objectives adopted for achieving diversity on the Board;

      •       (in case of independent non-executive Directors) requirement for the Board to have independent
              non-executive Directors in accordance with the Listing Rules and whether the candidate would be
              considered independent with reference to the independence guidelines set out in the Listing Rules;

      •       any potential contributions the candidate can bring to the Board in terms of qualifications, skills,
              experience, independence and gender diversity;

      •       willingness and ability to devote adequate time to discharge duties as a member of the Board and/
              or Board committee(s) of the Company; and

      •       any other perspectives that are appropriate to the Company’s business and succession plan and where
              applicable, may be adopted and/or amended by the Board and/or the Nomination Committee from
              time to time for nomination of Directors and succession planning.

Directors Nomination Procedures

      The Board has the relevant procedures for Directors’ nomination which are pursuant to the Listing Rules
and the Company’s bye-laws as detailed below.

(a)   Appointment of New Director

      The Nomination Committee or the company secretary of the Company shall call for a meeting of the
Nomination Committee upon receipt of any nominations of candidates. The Nomination Committee should
evaluate such candidate based on the selection criteria mentioned above to determine whether such candidate
is qualified for directorship. The Nomination Committee should then recommend to the Board to appoint the
appropriate candidate for directorship. For any person that is nominated by a Shareholder for election as a
Director at the general meeting, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should evaluate such candidate
based on the same selection criteria as mentioned above to determine whether such candidate is qualified for
directorship, and where appropriate, the Nomination Committee and/or the Board should make
recommendation to the Shareholders in respect of the proposed election of Director at the general meeting. The
Board should have the final decision on all matters relating to its recommendation of candidates to stand for
election at any general meeting.




72    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

(b)   Re-election of Director at General Meeting

      Retiring Directors are eligible for nomination by the Board to stand for re-election at the general meeting
according to the bye-laws of the Company. The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should review the
overall contribution and service of the retiring Director to the Company, his/her level of participation and
performance on the Board and determine whether the retiring Director continues to meet the above selection
criteria. The Nomination Committee and/or the Board should then make recommendation to the Shareholders in
respect of the proposed re-election of Director at the general meeting.

Board and Workforce Diversity

      With effect from June 19, 2014, the Board adopted a board diversity policy setting out the approach to
achieve diversity on the Board. The Board considered that the diversity of Board members can be achieved
through the consideration of a number of aspects, including but not limited to gender, age, cultural and
educational background, ethnicity, professional experience, skills, knowledge and length of service. All Board
appointments will be based on meritocracy, and candidates will be considered against objective criteria, having
due regard for the benefits of diversity of the Board. The Nomination Committee reviews the board diversity
policy on a regular basis and discusses any revisions that might be required, and recommends to the Board for
consideration and approval. An annual review of this policy for the Reporting Period has been conducted. The
Board is satisfied with the implementation and effectiveness of the board diversity policy.

      As at March 31, 2023, the Board and the senior management of the Company comprised six males and
two females, and among the 1,560 employees of the Company, the ratio of male to female staff was
approximately 1.25:1. The Board considers that the Board and the senior management of the Company and the
employees of the Company are all diverse in terms of gender. At present, the Company has not set any
measurable objectives for implementation of the diversity policies in relation to the Board members and the
workforce of the Group (including gender diversity). However, the Company will consider and review from time
to time such diversity policies (including gender diversity) and setting of any measurable objectives (if
applicable).

Model Code for Securities Transactions

      The Company has adopted its own code for securities transactions by the (i) Directors; and (ii) certain
officers and employees of the Company or its subsidiaries that are considered to be likely in possession of
unpublished inside information in relation to the Company or its securities, on terms not less exacting than
those in the Model Code.

      In response to specific enquiries made by the Company to all Directors, including the existing Directors
and the former Director, Mr. Li Faguang who had been Directors during the Reporting Period, all Directors have
confirmed that they have complied with the Model Code and the Company’s code for securities transactions
throughout the Reporting Period.




                                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   73
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

COMPANY SECRETARY

     With effect from June 30, 2022, Ms. Lee Wai Yan Vivian resigned as the company secretary of the Company
in order to focus on the other business affairs of Alibaba Group, and the Company appointed Ms. Chun Ka Yan
as the company secretary of the Company on the same day.

     The company secretary of the Company, Ms. Chun Ka Yan confirms that she has complied with all the
required qualifications, experience and training requirements of the Listing Rules for the Reporting Period.


REMUNERATION OF SENIOR MANAGEMENT BY BAND

     The remuneration of the senior management of the Company (namely three Directors, whose biographies
are set out on page 60 to 61 of this report) during the Reporting Period falls under the following bands:

                                                                                                       Number of
     Band of remuneration (RMB)                                                                        individuals


     1,000,000 to 5,000,000                                                                                     1
     5,000,001 to 10,000,000                                                                                    1
     10,000,001 to 15,000,000                                                                                   1

     Further particulars of Directors’ remuneration and the five highest paid employees of the Company as
required to be disclosed pursuant to Appendix 16 to the Listing Rules are set out in notes 7 and 8 to the
consolidated financial statements respectively.


AUDITOR’S REMUNERATION

     The remuneration paid to Ernst & Young for audit and non-audit services for the Reporting Period
amounted to approximately RMB3,980,000 and RMB2,035,000, respectively. The non-audit services provided by
Ernst & Young to the Group were in relation to the review service on the interim results, limited assurance
services on continuing connected transactions, other professional service related to the environmental, social
and governance assessment, tax review service and transfer pricing review service.


RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROLS

     The Board and the management of the Group maintain a sound and effective system of internal controls
of the Group so as to ensure the effectiveness and efficiency of operations of the Group in achieving its
established corporate objectives, safeguarding assets of the Group, rendering reliable financial reporting and
complying with the applicable laws and regulations.

     The Board is also responsible for making appropriate assertions on the adequacy of internal controls over
financial reporting and the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures. Through the Audit Committee,
the Board reviews the effectiveness of these systems. For the avoidance of doubt, such systems are designed to
manage rather than eliminate the risk of failure to achieve business objectives, and can only provide
reasonable and not absolute assurance against material misstatement or loss.


74   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                              CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

     It is also the Board’s responsibility to review the effectiveness of the Group’s risk management system and
ensure that risk management controls are sound and effective to safeguard the investment of the Shareholders
and the Group’s assets at all times. In connection with this, the Board formed a risk management committee
(the “Risk Management Committee”) comprising, among others, Mr. Wong King On, Samuel as the chairman,
Mr. Zhu Shunyan, Mr. Tu Yanwu, Mr. Luo Tong, Ms. Deng Yan and Ms. Huang Yi Fei (Vanessa) on November 23,
2016 to discharge its role in monitoring and in exercising oversight over the risk management of the Company.

     The Audit Committee and the Board performed its annual review of the Group’s risk management and
internal controls for each financial year from April 1 to March 31 and concluded that for the Reporting Period,
(a) the Group’s risk management and internal control systems were effective and adequate; (b) the Group had
adopted the necessary control mechanisms to monitor and correct non-compliance; and (c) the Group had
complied satisfactorily with the requirements of the CG Code in respect of risk management and internal control
systems.


SHAREHOLDER COMMUNICATION POLICY

Purpose

1.   This policy aims at ensuring that the Shareholders, both individual and institutional, and, in appropriate
     circumstances, the investment community at large, are provided with ready, equal and timely access to
     balanced and understandable information about the Company (including its financial performance,
     strategic goals and plans, material developments, governance and risk profile), to enable Shareholders to
     exercise their rights in an informed manner, and to allow Shareholders and the investment community to
     engage actively with the Company.

Communication Strategies

Communication with the Company

2.   Shareholders may direct questions, request for publicly available information and provide comments and
     suggestions to Directors or management of the Company. Those questions, requests and comments can
     be sent by mail to the company secretary of the Company at 26/F, Tower 1, Times Square, 1 Matheson
     Street, Causeway Bay, Hong Kong.

3.   Shareholders may direct their questions about their shareholdings by mail to the Company’s Share Registrar,
     Tricor Secretaries Limited at 17/F, Far East Finance Centre, 16 Harcourt Road, Hong Kong.

Corporate Website

4.   The Company communicates to its Shareholders through announcements and interim and annual reports
     published on its website at http://www.irasia.com/listco/hk/alihealth/. The information on the website is
     updated on a regular basis.

5.   Information released by the Company to the Stock Exchange is also posted on the Stock Exchange’s website
     immediately thereafter. Such information includes financial statements, results announcements, circulars
     and notices of general meetings and associated explanatory documents etc.


                                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   75
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Shareholders’ meetings

6.   The Shareholders are encouraged to participate in general meetings or to appoint proxies to attend and
     vote at meetings for and on their behalf if they are unable to attend the meetings.

7.   The process of the Company’s general meetings will be monitored and reviewed on a regular basis, and,
     if necessary, changes will be made to ensure that Shareholders’ needs are best served.

8.   Board members, in particular, either the chairman of the Board or chairman of Board committees or their
     delegates, appropriate management executives and external auditor will attend annual general meetings
     to answer Shareholders’ questions.

     Upon reviewing the implementation and effectiveness of the Shareholders’ communication policy of the
Company, the Board considers the policy and its implementation are effective as the policy has provided
effective channels for Shareholders, potential investors and other stakeholders of the Group to communicate
their views with the Company and the Company has complied with the principles and required practices as set
out in the policy as described above during the Reporting Period.

Shareholder Privacy

     The Company recognizes the importance of the Shareholders’ privacy and will not disclose Shareholders’
information without their consent, except where required by applicable laws and regulations, any stock
exchanges (including the Stock Exchange) or any governmental, judicial or relevant competent authorities.


SHAREHOLDERS’ RIGHTS

Procedures for shareholders to convene a special general meeting

     Shareholders, holding at the date of deposit of the requisition not less than one tenth of the paid-up
capital of the Company carrying the right to vote at general meetings of the Company, shall at all times have
the right by written requisition to the Board or the company secretary, to require a special general meeting (the
“SGM”) to be called by the Board for the transaction of any business specified in such requisition.

     The requisitionists must state the purpose of the meeting and their contact details in the requisition, and
sign and deposit the requisition at the principal place of business of the Company for the attention of the
company secretary.

     The SGM shall be held within two months from the deposit of the requisition. If the Board fails to proceed
to convene the SGM within 21 days of such deposit, the requisitionists may convene the SGM by themselves in
accordance with the provisions of Section 74(3) of the Companies Act 1981 of Bermuda (as amended) (the
“Companies Act”).




76   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                               CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

Procedures for putting forward proposals at general meetings

     Shareholders holding not less than 5% of the total voting rights of all Shareholders having a right to vote
at the general meeting or not less than 100 Shareholders can submit a written request stating a resolution to
be moved at the annual general meeting or a statement of not more than 1,000 words with respect to a matter
referred to in any proposed resolution or the business to be dealt with at a particular general meeting.

     The requisitionists must sign and deposit the written request or statement at the registered office of the
Company and the principal place of business of the Company for the attention of the company secretary, not
less than six weeks before the annual general meeting in the case of a requisition requiring notice of a
resolution and not less than one week before the general meeting in the case of any other requisition.

     If the written request is in order, the company secretary will ask the Board to include the resolution in the
agenda for the annual general meeting, as the case may be, to circulate the statement for the general
meeting, provided that the requisitionists have deposited a sum of money reasonably determined by the Board
sufficient to meet the expenses in serving the notice of the resolution and/or circulating the statement
submitted by the requisitionists in accordance with the statutory requirements to all the registered
Shareholders.

Procedures for sending enquiries to the Board

     Shareholders may send their enquiries with sufficient contact details to the Board at the principal place of
the business of the Company for the attention of the company secretary. When the written enquiries are in
order, the Company will direct them to the Board.


CONSTITUTIONAL DOCUMENTS

     During the Reporting Period, certain amendments to the bye-laws of the Company have been made and
approved at the annual general meeting of the Company held on August 5, 2022 to, inter alia, comply with the
Core Shareholder Protection Standards as set out in Appendix 3 to the Listing Rules, reflect certain amendments
in the applicable laws of Bermuda and make other consequential and housekeeping changes. Other than the
above, there was no other significant change in the Company’s constitutional documents for the Reporting
Period.




                                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   77
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

DIVIDEND POLICY

     The Company has adopted a dividend policy that, in recommending or declaring dividends, the Company
shall maintain adequate and sufficient cash reserves for meeting its working capital requirements and future
growth as well as its shareholder value. The Board has the full discretion to declare and distribute dividends to
the Shareholders, and any final dividend for a financial year will be subject to Shareholders’ approval. In
proposing any dividend payout, the Board shall also take into account, among other things, the Group’s
financial results, financial position, cash flow situation, business conditions and strategies, expected future
operations and earnings, capital requirements and expenditure plans, interests of Shareholders, any restrictions
on payment of dividends and any other factors the Board may consider relevant. Any payment of the dividend
by the Company is also subject to any restrictions under the Companies Act, the Company’s bye-laws and all
applicable laws and regulations.


MECHANISM ON OBTAINING INDEPENDENT VIEWS AND INPUT

     The Board has adopted a mechanism on obtaining independent views and input in that the Board, Board
committees or individual Directors may seek such independent professional advice, views and input as
considered necessary to fulfil their responsibilities and in exercising independent judgement when making
decisions in furtherance of their Directors’ duties at the Company’s expense.

     Independent professional advice shall include legal advice and advice of accountants and other
professional financial advisers on matters of law, accounting, tax and other regulatory matters.

     Despite having obtained any information or advice from independent professional advisers, the Directors
are expected to exercise independent judgement in forming their decisions.

     All Directors are aware of this mechanism. An annual review of this mechanism for the Reporting Period
has been conducted. The Board is satisfied with the implementation and effectiveness of this mechanism.


WHISTLEBLOWING POLICY

     The Company’s whistleblowing policy was adopted on November 29, 2022. The Company’s whistleblowing
policy allows employees and relevant third parties who deal with the Group to voice concerns, in confidence
and anonymity, with the integrity department of the Company about misconduct, malpractice or irregularities in
any matters related to the Group who then conducts an investigation into the matter and later report on the
findings of such investigation to the Audit Committee (or any designated committee comprising a majority of
independent non-executive directors).




78   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT

ANTI-CORRUPTION POLICY

     During the Reporting Period, the Company revised and adopted the Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption
Policy, which sets forth the obligations and responsibilities of the Company on the prevention of corruption and
bribery practices and provide standards and guidelines for all employees. The Company and its employees are
subject to anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws and regulations in the jurisdictions where their business is
conducted.

     The anti-corruption policy will be reviewed on a regular basis, and any conduct or activity in violation of
the policy will be reported to the legal and compliance department of the Company.


HANDLING AND DISSEMINATION OF INSIDE INFORMATION

     The Company has in place a policy for the handling and disclosure of inside information in compliance
with the SFO and the Listing Rules. The policy sets out the procedures and internal controls for the handling
and dissemination of inside information in a timely manner so as to allow all the shareholders and
stakeholders to assess the latest position of the Group.

     Under the policy, if an employee is aware of any information which he/she thinks could potentially
constitute inside information, the employee should consult his/her supervisor who should consider whether to
report the matter to the chief financial officer or chief legal officer of the Company.

     Directors regularly attend seminars and/or self-study materials on this subject matter to facilitate their
understanding and compliancy with the policy.


DIRECTORS’ RESPONSIBILITY IN PREPARING THE FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS

     The Directors acknowledge their responsibility for preparing the consolidated financial statements of the
Group (the “Financial Statements”) which give a true and fair view and are in accordance with Hong Kong
Financial Reporting Standards published by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants. The
Directors endeavor to ensure a balanced, clear and understandable assessments of the Group’s performance,
position and prospects in financial reporting. Accordingly, appropriate accounting policies are selected and
applied consistently; judgments and estimates made are prudent and reasonable.

     The statement of the Company’s auditor about their reporting responsibilities on the Financial Statements
is set out in the Independent Auditor’s Report on pages 89 to 95 of this report.




                                                           ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   79
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

1.   RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

     The Group considers risk management and internal control to be a core part of its operational
management and business activities. The Group is committed to: (i) establishing a comprehensive risk
management system that is in line with the Group’s strategy and its specific business characteristics; (ii)
continually optimizing its risk management organizational structure; (iii) enhancing its risk management
processes; and (iv) adopting quantitative and qualitative risk management approaches to drive better
identification, assessment and response of risks, to achieve a balance between risks and rewards, and to
achieve sustainable development of the Group’s businesses while appropriately managing risks.


2. RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL FRAMEWORK

     The risk management and internal control systems aim to support the Group in realizing its strategic
objectives, vision and mission as well as the sustainable development of its business. The risk management
objectives of “Strategy”, “Operation”, “Reporting” and “Compliance” can be achieved through risk
identification, assessment, response and relevant monitoring measures. Risk management capability is one of
our core competitive competencies, and we believe that implementing risk management and internal control
systems over each business segment and every functional department across the Group will help enhance
long-term shareholder value. The Group’s risk management and internal control framework includes three
levels: strategy, management and operation.




                                                                              Risk
                                                                            Strategy                     Strategy Level
                                                                      Risk Objectives

                                                                          Risk Appetite
                                                                                                         nu
                                                                                                     nt i
                                                                  Risk Management                  Co
                                                 tS
                                                   ys
                                                                                                       al
                                                     tem       Organizational Structure                  Im
                                                                                                                ov
                                                                                                              pr
                                                                                                                                  Management Level
                                                 en
                                          ag                   Identify                   Assess                  e
                                            em                                                                 em
                                                                    Risk Management
                                                                                                                 nt
                                      isk                                                                            an
                                          Ma                            Processes
                                             n                                                                        dE
                                 fR                                                                                   nh a
                               to                     Report                 Monitor               Respond
                                                                                                                                  t
                            La                                                                                                 en
                               yo                                                                                           em
                                  u                                                                                       nc

                                                   Risk Management Assurance Mechanism
                                                                                                                                        Operation Level
                                                                                                    Communication
                                       Business Processes            Performance Appraisal           and Training




80   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
    RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

•    Risk Management Strategy

     The Group’s risk management strategy aims at “ensuring steady growth and sustainable
development of the Group’s businesses through continual optimization of the Group’s risk management
framework, capability and culture”.

•    Risk Management Objectives

     The Group’s risk management objectives include: (1) strategic objective — to construct our risk
management and internal control systems so that they are compatible with the Group’s strategic
objectives and support the achievement of its strategic goals and sustainable business development; (2)
operational objective — to continuously improve the Group’s risk management capabilities, thereby
reducing uncertainties in the achievement of our operational goals, supporting our business expansion
and innovative activities, and ensuring the efficiency and effectiveness of our operational activities; (3)
reporting objective — to ensure the validity, accuracy and completeness of our financial and operation
management reporting; and (4) compliance objective — to ensure compliance with both external
regulatory requirements and internal management policies, standardize our operational management and
business processes to maintain the legality and compliance of each business activity of the Company.

•    Risk Appetite

     Risk appetite sets the tone for the Group’s overall risk profile. Having adopted a prudent stance in
the determination of its risk appetite, the Group integrates its development strategies with its risk appetite
by taking into account its overall strategic deployment and the needs of each business segment, thereby
facilitating the healthy operation and sustainable growth of the Group as well as each business line.




                                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   81
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

     •       Risk Management Organizational Structure

             The Group’s risk management organizational structure has three levels: governance, management
     and execution. The risk management responsibilities and reporting relationships of the different levels are
     illustrated below.



                                                                                              The Board
                                       Assess and determine the nature and         Ensure that eﬀective risk management             Oversee management’s design,
                                     level of risks that the Company is willing    and internal control systems have been        implementation and monitoring of the
                                      to accept to achieve its strategic goals       established and maintained by the          Company’s risk management and internal




                        Governance
                                                                                                  Company                         control systems on an ongoing basis




                                            Risk Management Committee                                                       Audit Committee
                                       Review and provide assurance to the Board on the eﬀective            Review the eﬀectiveness of the Company's risk management
                                     design and implementation of the Company’s risk management                and internal control systems, and report to the Board
                                                     and internal control systems




                                     S-Team, Comprehensive Business Risk Management Committee,


                        Management
                                                      and Senior Management

                                       Manage and control business risks, and help the management quickly identify and formulate risk response
                                       strategies. Design, implement and monitor the risk management and internal control systems, and provide
                                                           assurance to the Risk Management Committee on their eﬀectiveness




                                           Business Team                           Risk Management Team                            Internal Audit Team
                                       (First Line of Defence)                    (Second Line of Defence)                       (Third Line of Defence)

                        Execution     Each business team takes responsibility
                                     for daily business operation and internal
                                                                                  Risk governance, quality control, internal
                                                                                  control, ﬁnance and legal teams conduct
                                                                                                                                 Conduct independent supervision and
                                                                                                                                 assessment on the eﬀectiveness of risk
                                                  control functions                daily supervision of the work at the First      management and internal control
                                                                                               Line of Defence




     •       Risk Management Processes

             •      Risk identification — based on the Group’s strategic and operational objectives, management
                    identifies uncertainties and risk exposures which could affect the Group in realizing its strategic
                    and operational objectives in nine major areas, including strategy, operation, quality,
                    customers service, finance, laws, human resources, information technology and data, and
                    reputation.

             •      Risk assessment — management and its management team evaluate and rate the identified risks
                    based on the two dimensions of probability and impact and ranks them as “high”,
                    “moderate” or “low” based on the rating results.

             •      Risk response — risk response strategies include risk avoidance, transfer, mitigation and
                    acceptance. Based on the risk identification and assessment results, management adopts
                    appropriate risk response strategy to design relevant measures to address the specific risk.




82   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
      RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

       •    Risk monitoring — risk monitoring is to oversee the implementation of risk response measures as
            well as to continuously improve the effectiveness of internal control activities, which includes
            ongoing monitoring during daily business operation and regular independent assessment.

       •    Risk reporting — risk reporting is to report on the effectiveness of the design and implementation
            of the risk management and internal control systems to the Group management, the Board, the
            Audit Committee and the Risk Management Committee.

  •    Risk Management Assurance Mechanisms

       •    The Group’s management actions for risk response include processes and internal control
            activities at the organizational, operational, financial reporting and IT system levels. The
            relevant processes and internal control activities have been recorded in internal control
            manuals and policies, which are published on our policy management platform as reference
            and learning materials for all employees. The Group also established a rules center to publicize
            policies and requirements in respect of the management of partners and businesses.

       •    Risk management performance appraisal provides assurance for risk management
            implementation and the Group ensures implementation of its risk management strategies by
            raising all employees’ risk awareness, standardizing internal control processes and adopting
            the accountability mechanism of all employees.

       •    The Group ensures the implementation of operational procedures, policies and internal control
            activities through related communication and trainings on risk management and internal
            control, which may take such forms as centralized training sessions, seminars, on-job
            communication and instructions, online video courses, e-mail reminders and online
            examinations etc., covering content such as policies, internal control, legal and regulatory
            compliance, integrity, and data security management.


3.	MAIN RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL WORK
    CONDUCTED DURING THE REPORTING PERIOD

  •    During the Reporting Period, the Risk Management Committee held a meeting to review the risk
       management and internal control systems and reported to the Board. The tasks completed by the
       Risk Management Committee during the Reporting Period included: (1) discussion and review of the
       Group’s findings on major risk identification and assessment, the risk management strategies and
       control measures in response to key risks; (2) discussion and review of the Risk Management and
       Internal Control Report required to be disclosed in the annual report for the Reporting Period; and
       (3) discussion and review of the work plan and key points of risk management and internal control
       work for the financial year ending March 31, 2024 (“FY2024”) as well as the expected output and
       timetable etc.




                                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   83
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

     •       The Group’s management and respective management teams identified uncertainties and risk
             exposures in nine major areas (including strategic risk, operational risk, quality risk, customer service
             risk, financial risk, legal risk, human resources risk, information technology and data security risk,
             and reputational risk); completed the ranking of the identified risks; discussed risk response
             proposals and measures, which formed the main basis for risk management and internal control
             work for the year.

     •       The Group has established the S-Team, a strategic decision-making function comprising the Chief
             Executive Officer, chief operating officer, chief financial officer, chief marketing officer and chief
             talent officer of the Company. As a strategic research system independent of the business system,
             and through in-depth analysis and research on the competition, existing business segments as well
             as business operation status, S-Team develops the Group’s thorough understanding of and insight
             into the industry, to facilitate the management of strategic risks, ensure that the strategic decisions
             of the Group align with its business direction, and to adjust the approach to strategy implementation
             based on the operating results.

     •       The “Comprehensive Business Risk Management Committee” is a problem-solving-oriented committee
             established under the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, which comprises the heads of major
             functional departments responsible for risk management of the Group. By focusing on managing and
             controlling the risks related to the Group’s businesses, it helps the management team quickly identify
             and formulate the strategies of risk response, and promotes the comprehensive enhancement in the
             risk management capability of the Group.

     •       The business team took steps to standardize the operational procedures and relevant product systems
             for key businesses and management activities, formulated policies and published the same on our
             policy management platform as reference and learning materials for all employees.

     •       The risk management teams, including the risk governance team, quality control team, internal control
             team, financial team, legal team and safety team, provide supports in term of risk management and
             control expertise and capabilities from their respective professional perspectives, and conduct daily
             supervision of the work at the First Line of Defence to ensure effective implementation of risk
             response measures.

     •       The Group arranged training sessions related to risk management for all staff on a quarterly basis to
             promote risk management awareness and promote risk management culture. Topics covered by such
             training sessions included, among other things, guidance of business processes and internal
             controls, code of business conduct, compliance with business-related laws and regulations, and data
             security management.




84   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
      RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

4. DISCLOSURE OF MATERIAL RISKS

     During the Reporting Period, the Group identified, analyzed and prioritized all the potential risks faced by
its existing and new businesses. The following table sets forth risks that were ranked as “high”:

     Major Risks              Description of Risks                          Risk Response Measures


     Legal Risks              As the Company operates its principal         •      Establish relevant business
                              businesses under a strict regulatory                 processes and internal control
                              regime, if we breach applicable                      measures, and added internal
                              regulatory requirements, we may be                   monitoring and checks by specialist
                              subject to penalties which may                       teams in relation to matters
                              adversely affect our brand reputation                involving regulatory issues, to
                              and business. If we fail to have a                   ensure that the Company’s business
                              timely understanding of changes in                   operations comply with regulatory
                              and updates on applicable policies                   requirements;
                              and regulations, or fail to sufficiently
                              assess the impact of policies and             •      Stay up-to-date with applicable
                              regulations changes on our business                  rules, regulations and regulatory
                              operation, management would be                       requirements issued by the
                              unable to adopt response measures                    government and regulators via
                              on a timely basis, which would affect                announcements and notices from
                              the Company’s regular business                       the authorities, as well as the news
                              activities and its business continuity.              media, the Internet and Alibaba
                                                                                   Group’s legislation monitoring
                                                                                   system. The Group also actively
                                                                                   participates in forums organized by
                                                                                   the government and regulators to
                                                                                   ensure that it is fully aware of the
                                                                                   latest government and regulatory
                                                                                   requirements and changes in a
                                                                                   timely manner;

                                                                            •      Establish information sharing
                                                                                   channels to keep business teams
                                                                                   abreast of the latest regulatory
                                                                                   requirements; we also organize
                                                                                   regular internal seminars and
                                                                                   trainings to study and discuss
                                                                                   applicable rules, regulations and
                                                                                   regulatory requirements issued by
                                                                                   the government and regulators,
                                                                                   with a view to ensuring that
                                                                                   relevant business teams accurately
                                                                                   understand the policies and
                                                                                   regulations; and

                                                                            •      The legal and business teams jointly
                                                                                   assess the impact of policy and
                                                                                   regulatory changes on our business,
                                                                                   and design response measures
                                                                                   and alternative business models in
                                                                                   response to the changes, so as to
                                                                                   ensure business continuity as well
                                                                                   as regulatory compliance.


                                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   85
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

     Major Risks                      Description of Risks                     Risk Response Measures


     Information                      As an Internet company, information      •   Established standardized product
     Technology and Data              technology and data form the                 R&D procedures, R&D project
     Security Risks                   foundation for our business                  management mechanisms,
                                      development and operation, as well           coordination, communication and
                                      as one of the competitive advantages         incentive mechanisms for cross-
                                      to help maintain high innovation             team cooperation among R&D,
                                      levels and to become an industry             business, product and marketing
                                      leader. Any failure or postponement in       teams to ensure timely and effective
                                      our product research and                     development of products that meet
                                      development (R&D), disruption of             business needs;
                                      transactions due to malfunctioning
                                      information systems, or leakage or       •   Established IT system maintenance
                                      loss of or unauthorized tampering of         standards and business continuity
                                      our data would have a material               guarantee mechanisms,
                                      adverse impact on us achieving our           contingency plans for IT system
                                      strategic objectives, our brand              interruption, and disaster recovery
                                      reputation, business continuity and          plans and drills to ensure smooth
                                      customer satisfaction.                       and uninterrupted operation of
                                                                                   our systems and to improve the
                                                                                   capability of the system to respond
                                                                                   quickly to risk events; and

                                                                               •   To comprehensively safeguard
                                                                                   the Group from the risks of data
                                                                                   leakage, loss and tampering from
                                                                                   three areas of staff, processes and
                                                                                   information technology, the Group
                                                                                   (i) has established management
                                                                                   procedures for data collection and
                                                                                   transmission, storage security,
                                                                                   encrypted protection, authorized
                                                                                   access and usage, and destruction;
                                                                                   (ii) has deployed information
                                                                                   technology for data security
                                                                                   management and encrypted
                                                                                   protection; and (iii) organizes
                                                                                   regular trainings to communicate
                                                                                   data security and confidentiality
                                                                                   requirements to all our employees.




86   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
 RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

Major Risks         Description of Risks                        Risk Response Measures


Competitive Risks   In China, there is intense competition      •      The responsible manager for each
                    in the Internet healthcare sector. The             business segment closely monitors
                    continuous evolution in business and               the competitive situation of his/her
                    operational models, as well as                     business segment, and reports on
                    significant moves or decisions by                  the relevant information and share
                    major competitors in the industry and              his/her insight and judgment at the
                    new entrants, may bring potential                  monthly management meeting;
                    threats to and have adverse impact
                    on the Group’s business and                 •      We have a specialist team which
                    competitive advantages.                            conducts in-depth analysis and
                                                                       research on competition in the
                                                                       industry regularly and reports to
                                                                       management for reference, which
                                                                       enables management to make
                                                                       informed business decisions and
                                                                       develop appropriate operational
                                                                       strategies and effective solutions to
                                                                       address the competitive risks; and

                                                                •      Senior management is committed
                                                                       to innovative and diversified
                                                                       management in relation to our
                                                                       business plans and deployments.
                                                                       In the course of steadfastly
                                                                       executing the strategic decisions,
                                                                       senior management strives for the
                                                                       Group to develop and accumulate
                                                                       core competitive advantages and
                                                                       become an unsurpassable company
                                                                       in the industry.




                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   87
RISK MANAGEMENT AND INTERNAL CONTROL

5. OUTLOOK AND KEY ACTIONS FOR FY2024

     •       Continue to reinforce the Group’s risk management and internal control structure and drive its
             implementation, so as to continually improve the Group’s risk management capabilities to ensure
             compliance with the CG Code and alignment with best industry practices.

     •       Continue to supervise each business segment and functional department to promote and optimize the
             design, implementation and operation of our risk management and internal control systems, and
             conduct independent supervision and assessment to ensure the effective design and implementation
             of internal control for major risks.

     •       Continue to focus on material changes and updates of key risks and make timely adjustments to the
             risk response measures and solutions accordingly.

     •       Further establish and improve the Group’s policy and process guidelines and system of rules,
             strengthen internal and external publicity, and create a good business environment.

     •       Ongoing risk management trainings and risk management culture education for all staff to enhance
             their awareness of risk management, reinforce the accountability mechanism, and ensure
             implementation of the Group’s risk management strategies.

     In the face of existing and emerging risks, the Group must maintain continual and strict supervision and
control under effective risk management and internal control systems. The Group has a management team
well-attuned to the importance of risk management, which will proactively identify, prevent and manage risks
and continually seek to improve the Group’s risk management and internal control systems.


6.	STATEMENT OF THE BOARD REGARDING INTERNAL CONTROL
    RESPONSIBILITY

     The Group’s internal controls aim at ensuring compliance of its operations with laws and regulations, the
security of its assets and the validity and completeness of its financial reports and related information, to
enhance its operational efficiency and effectiveness and facilitate the realization of its growth strategies. The
Group has established internal control procedures to safeguard against the unauthorized use or disposition of
its assets, to ensure the maintenance of proper accounting records for the provision of reliable financial
information for internal use or for publication, and to ensure compliance with applicable laws, rules and
regulations. During the year, the Group conducted a comprehensive self-assessment of its internal controls and
reported the result to the Audit Committee and the Board, and no significant deficiencies were identified. The
Board believes that, for the Reporting Period, the Group’s existing internal control systems were sufficient and
effective to assure the interests of the Group and its shareholders.




88   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT


                                            Ernst & Young              ᆿ≮ᴹ䀾ᑡӁएᡶ                    Tel 䴱䂧: +852 2846 9888
                                            27/F, One Taikoo Place     俏⑥券冐⏂                       Fax ۩ⵕ: +852 2868 4432
                                            979 King’s Road            㤧ⲽ䚉㲕                     ey.com
                                            Quarry Bay, Hong Kong      འਚ඀жᓝ⁉


To the shareholders of Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited
(Incorporated in Bermuda with limited liability)


OPINION
     We have audited the consolidated financial statements of Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited
(the “Company”) and its subsidiaries (the “Group”) set out on pages 94 to 207, which comprise the
consolidated statement of financial position as at March 31, 2023, and the consolidated statement of profit or
loss, the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, the consolidated statement of changes in equity
and the consolidated statement of cash flows for the year then ended, and notes to the consolidated financial
statements, including a summary of significant accounting policies.

     In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements give a true and fair view of the consolidated
financial position of the Group as at March 31, 2023, and of its consolidated financial performance and its
consolidated cash flows for the year then ended in accordance with Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards
(“HKFRSs”) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”) and have been
properly prepared in compliance with the disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance.


BASIS FOR OPINION
      We conducted our audit in accordance with Hong Kong Standards on Auditing (“HKSAs”) issued by the
HKICPA. Our responsibilities under those standards are further described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the
audit of the consolidated financial statements section of our report. We are independent of the Group in
accordance with the HKICPA’s Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (the “Code”), and we have fulfilled
our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the Code. We believe that the audit evidence we have
obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion.


KEY AUDIT MATTERS
      Key audit matters are those matters that, in our professional judgement, were of most significance in our
audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period. These matters were addressed in the
context of our audit of the consolidated financial statements as a whole, and in forming our opinion thereon,
and we do not provide a separate opinion on these matters. For each matter below, our description of how our
audit addressed the matter is provided in that context.

      We have fulfilled the responsibilities described in the Auditor’s responsibilities for the audit of the
consolidated financial statements section of our report, including in relation to these matters. Accordingly, our
audit included the performance of procedures designed to respond to our assessment of the risks of material
misstatement of the consolidated financial statements. The results of our audit procedures, including the
procedures performed to address the matters below, provide the basis for our audit opinion on the
accompanying consolidated financial statements.
                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   89
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)

Key audit matter                                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Impairment of investments in associates

As at March 31, 2023, the Group held investments in                       We performed the following procedures to address
associates of approximately RMB2,336.7 million, which                     the key audit matter:
was significant to the consolidated financial
statements. Management identified indicators of                           •   Evaluated the Group’s policies and procedures of
impairment for investments in associates and                                  identifying indicators for potential impairment of
accordingly, with the assistance of an independent                            the investments in associates;
valuer, performed impairment tests for these
investments by comparing the carrying amounts as at                       •   Evaluated the capabilities and objectivity of the

March 31, 2023 with the corresponding recoverable                             independent valuer;

amounts. The recoverable amounts were determined
                                                                          •   Assessed the reasonableness of expected revenue
using fair value less costs of disposal for these
                                                                              and margin by making enquiries with
investments. The fair value was developed through
                                                                              management and with reference to historical
the application of the income approach technique
                                                                              information and industry development
known as the discounted cash flow method, which
                                                                              expectations;
required management to apply significant
assumptions and estimates, such as expected revenue
                                                                          •   With the assistance of our internal valuation
and margin, discount rates and perpetual growth
                                                                              specialists, examined the valuation methodologies
rates.
                                                                              and evaluated the assumptions and estimates
                                                                              used, including the discount rates and the
Relevant disclosures are included in note 2.4
                                                                              perpetual growth rates;
“Summary of significant accounting policies”, note 3
“Significant accounting judgements and estimates”
                                                                          •   Checked the mathematical accuracy of management’s
and note 17 “Investments in associates” to the
                                                                              valuation schedules; and
consolidated financial statements.

                                                                          •   Evaluated the adequacy of the relevant disclosures
                                                                              in the consolidated financial statements.




90   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)

Key audit matter                                           How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Fair value measurement of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

As at March 31, 2023, the carrying amount of the           We performed the following procedures to address
Group’s financial assets at fair value through profit or   the key audit matter:
loss was approximately RMB1,883.3 million, which was
significant to the financial statements.                   •     Evaluated the capabilities and objectivity of the
                                                                 independent valuer;
Management estimated and measured the fair values
of unlisted equity investments, with the assistance of     •     With the assistance of our internal valuation
an independent valuer, using a market-based                      specialists, examined the valuation methodologies
valuation technique which required management to                 and evaluated the judgements and estimates
apply significant judgements and estimates, such as              used, including comparable public companies,
comparable public companies, relevant price                      relevant price multiples and discounts for
multiples and discounts for illiquidity.                         illiquidity;


Relevant disclosures are included in note 2.4              •     Checked the mathematical accuracy of
“Summary of significant accounting policies”, note 3             management’s valuation schedules; and
“Significant accounting judgements and estimates”,
note 23 “Financial assets at fair value through profit     •     Evaluated the adequacy of the relevant disclosures

or loss” and note 35 “Fair value and fair value                  in the consolidated financial statements.

hierarchy of financial instruments” to the consolidated
financial statements.




                                                           ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   91
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

KEY AUDIT MATTERS (CONTINUED)

Key audit matter                                                          How our audit addressed the key audit matter

Impairment of goodwill

As at March 31, 2023, the carrying amount of the                          We performed the following procedures to address
Group’s goodwill was approximately RMB810.9                               the key audit matter:
million. In accordance with Hong Kong Accounting
Standard (“HKAS”) 36 Impairment of Assets , the                           •   Evaluated the capabilities and objectivity of the
Group is required to annually test the amount of                              independent valuer;
goodwill for impairment. This annual impairment test
involved significant management’s judgement and                           •   Assessed the reasonableness of expected revenue

estimates, such as expected revenue growth rates,                             and margin by making enquiries with management

budgeted gross margins, discount rates and perpetual                          and with reference to historical information and

growth rates.                                                                 industry development expectations;


Relevant disclosures are included in note 2.4                             •   With the assistance of our internal valuation

“Summary of significant accounting policies”, note 3                          specialists, examined the valuation methodologies

“Significant accounting judgements and estimates”                             and evaluated the assumptions and estimates

and note 14 “Goodwill” to the consolidated financial                          used, including the discount rates and the

statements.                                                                   perpetual growth rates;

                                                                          •   Checked the mathematical accuracy of management’s
                                                                              valuation schedules; and

                                                                          •   Evaluated the adequacy of the relevant disclosures
                                                                              in the consolidated financial statements.




92   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

OTHER INFORMATION INCLUDED IN THE ANNUAL REPORT

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the other information. The other information comprises
the information included in the Annual Report, other than the consolidated financial statements and our
auditor’s report thereon.

     Our opinion on the consolidated financial statements does not cover the other information and we do not
express any form of assurance conclusion thereon.

     In connection with our audit of the consolidated financial statements, our responsibility is to read the
other information and, in doing so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the
consolidated financial statements or our knowledge obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially
misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we conclude that there is a material misstatement of this
other information, we are required to report that fact. We have nothing to report in this regard.


RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE DIRECTORS FOR THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     The directors of the Company are responsible for the preparation of the consolidated financial statements
that give a true and fair view in accordance with HKFRSs issued by the HKICPA and the disclosure requirements
of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance, and for such internal control as the directors determine is necessary to
enable the preparation of consolidated financial statements that are free from material misstatement, whether
due to fraud or error.

     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, the directors of the Company are responsible for
assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern, disclosing, as applicable, matters related to going
concern and using the going concern basis of accounting unless the directors of the Company either intend to
liquidate the Group or to cease operations or have no realistic alternative but to do so.

     The directors of the Company are assisted by the Audit Committee in discharging their responsibilities for
overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process.




                                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   93
INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements as
a whole are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor’s report
that includes our opinion. Our report is made solely to you, as a body, in accordance with section 90 of the
Bermuda Companies Act 1981, and for no other purpose. We do not assume responsibility towards or accept
liability to any other person for the contents of this report.

     Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in
accordance with HKSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from
fraud or error and are considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be
expected to influence the economic decisions of users taken on the basis of these consolidated financial
statements.

     As part of an audit in accordance with HKSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain
professional scepticism throughout the audit. We also:

     •       Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether
             due to fraud or error, design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain
             audit evidence that is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not
             detecting a material misstatement resulting from fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as
             fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, misrepresentations, or the override of
             internal control.

     •       Obtain an understanding of internal control relevant to the audit in order to design audit procedures
             that are appropriate in the circumstances, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
             effectiveness of the Group’s internal control.

     •       Evaluate the appropriateness of accounting policies used and the reasonableness of accounting
             estimates and related disclosures made by the directors.

     •       Conclude on the appropriateness of the directors’ use of the going concern basis of accounting and,
             based on the audit evidence obtained, whether a material uncertainty exists related to events or
             conditions that may cast significant doubt on the Group’s ability to continue as a going concern. If
             we conclude that a material uncertainty exists, we are required to draw attention in our auditor’s
             report to the related disclosures in the consolidated financial statements or, if such disclosures are
             inadequate, to modify our opinion. Our conclusions are based on the audit evidence obtained up to
             the date of our auditor’s report. However, future events or conditions may cause the Group to cease
             to continue as a going concern.




94   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                 INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT

AUDITOR’S RESPONSIBILITIES FOR THE AUDIT OF THE CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (CONTINUED)

     •     Evaluate the overall presentation, structure and content of the consolidated financial statements,
           including the disclosures, and whether the consolidated financial statements represent the
           underlying transactions and events in a manner that achieves fair presentation.

     •     Obtain sufficient appropriate audit evidence regarding the financial information of the entities or
           business activities within the Group to express an opinion on the consolidated financial statements.
           We are responsible for the direction, supervision and performance of the group audit. We remain
           solely responsible for our audit opinion.

     We communicate with the Audit Committee regarding, among other matters, the planned scope and
timing of the audit and significant audit findings, including any significant deficiencies in internal control that
we identify during our audit.

     We also provide the Audit Committee with a statement that we have complied with relevant ethical
requirements regarding independence and to communicate with them all relationships and other matters that
may reasonably be thought to bear on our independence, and where applicable, actions taken to eliminate
threats or safeguards applied.

     From the matters communicated with the Audit Committee, we determine those matters that were of most
significance in the audit of the consolidated financial statements of the current period and are therefore the key
audit matters. We describe these matters in our auditor’s report unless law or regulation precludes public
disclosure about the matter or when, in extremely rare circumstances, we determine that a matter should not
be communicated in our report because the adverse consequences of doing so would reasonably be expected
to outweigh the public interest benefits of such communication.

     The engagement partner on the audit resulting in this independent auditor’s report is Ng Siu Ki Ricky.




Ernst & Young
Certified Public Accountants
Hong Kong
May 23, 2023




                                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   95
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF PROFIT OR LOSS
Year ended March 31, 2023


                                                                                            2023               2022
                                                                            Notes       RMB’000            RMB’000


REVENUE                                                                      5        26,763,016         20,577,616


Cost of sales                                                                         (21,061,682)      (16,469,623)


Gross profit                                                                           5,701,334          4,107,993


Other income and gains                                                       5           618,069            899,494


Operating expenses
     Fulfilment                                                                        (2,907,137)       (2,097,287)
     Selling and marketing expenses                                                    (1,768,675)       (1,981,279)
     Administrative expenses                                                            (379,487)          (395,082)
     Product development expenses                                                       (677,822)          (728,828)


Other expenses and losses                                                                 (40,836)           (8,090)
Finance costs                                                               13(b)          (5,833)           (3,815)
Share of profits/(losses) of:
     Joint ventures                                                                       48,981              1,269
     Associates                                                                           (37,600)          (46,889)


PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAX                                                     6           550,994           (252,514)


Income tax expense                                                           9            (16,731)          (13,427)


PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR                                                               534,263           (265,941)


Attributable to:
     Owners of the parent                                                                533,407           (265,555)
     Non-controlling interests                                                               856               (386)


                                                                                         534,263           (265,941)


EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO
     ORDINARY EQUITY HOLDERS OF THE PARENT                                   10
     Basic                                                                          RMB3.95 cents    RMB(1.97) cents


     Diluted                                                                        RMB3.94 cents    RMB(1.97) cents




96     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME
                                                                                                  Year ended March 31, 2023


                                                                                                   2023                        2022
                                                                           Note               RMB’000                  RMB’000


PROFIT/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR                                                                     534,263                 (265,941)


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS)
Other comprehensive income/(loss) that may be
  reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
  Share of other comprehensive income of an associate                                                   —                        17
  Exchange differences on translation of the Group’s subsidiaries                             (296,049)                  65,104


Net other comprehensive income/(loss) that may be reclassified
  to profit or loss in subsequent periods                                                     (296,049)                  65,121


Other comprehensive income/(loss) that will not be reclassified
  to profit or loss in subsequent periods:
  Exchange differences on translation of the Company                                           639,609                 (337,121)
  Equity investment designated at fair value through other
     comprehensive income:
     Changes in fair value                                                                      (30,090)                (17,177)
     Income tax effect                                                      27                    2,174                    1,718


                                                                                                (27,916)                (15,459)


Net other comprehensive income/(loss) that will
  not be reclassified to profit or loss in subsequent periods                                  611,693                 (352,580)


OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR,
  NET OF TAX                                                                                   315,644                 (287,459)


TOTAL COMPREHENSIVE INCOME/(LOSS) FOR THE YEAR                                                 849,907                 (553,400)


Attributable to:
  Owners of the parent                                                                         849,051                 (553,014)
  Non-controlling interests                                                                          856                       (386)


                                                                                               849,907                 (553,400)




                                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report    97
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
March 31, 2023


                                                                                        2023         2022
                                                                           Notes    RMB’000       RMB’000


NON-CURRENT ASSETS
Property and equipment                                                      12        14,235       20,176
Right-of-use assets                                                        13(a)      54,313      144,930
Goodwill                                                                    14       810,853      810,853
Other intangible assets                                                     15       309,010      326,215
Investments in joint ventures                                               16       249,441      160,660
Investments in associates                                                   17      2,336,704    2,340,814
Equity investment designated at fair value through
     other comprehensive income                                             22       122,062      140,900
Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                       23      1,883,292    1,661,490
Other receivables and other assets                                          20        20,024       13,030
Deferred tax assets                                                         27        33,831       17,390


Total non-current assets                                                            5,833,765    5,636,458


CURRENT ASSETS
Prepaid tax                                                                           25,318       23,525
Inventories                                                                 18      2,102,312    1,550,150
Trade and bills receivables                                                 19       578,787      515,985
Prepayments, other receivables and other assets                             20      1,139,940     864,875
Restricted cash                                                             21       150,262       63,125
Cash and cash equivalents                                                   21     10,917,171   10,547,851


Total current assets                                                               14,913,790   13,565,511


CURRENT LIABILITIES
Lease liabilities                                                          13(b)      37,437       50,656
Trade and bills payables                                                    24      3,714,047    3,528,597
Other payables and accruals                                                 25      1,127,492     941,376
Contract liabilities                                                        26       495,066      260,678
Tax payable                                                                           63,402       40,826


Total current liabilities                                                           5,437,444    4,822,133


NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                                  9,476,346    8,743,378


TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                              15,310,111   14,379,836




98    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION
                                                                                                     March 31, 2023


                                                                                        2023                        2022
                                                               Notes               RMB’000                  RMB’000


NON-CURRENT LIABILITIES
Lease liabilities                                              13(b)                  40,361                  84,758
Deferred tax liabilities                                         27                 122,417                  116,483
Other payables                                                   25                          —               106,363


Total non-current liabilities                                                       162,778                  307,604


Net assets                                                                      15,147,333               14,072,232


EQUITY
Equity attributable to owners of the parent
   Share capital                                                 28                 119,133                  119,102
   Treasury shares                                               28                  (70,482)                (23,516)
   Reserves                                                      30             15,125,056               14,002,833


                                                                                15,173,707               14,098,419


Non-controlling interests                                                            (26,374)                (26,187)


Total equity                                                                    15,147,333               14,072,232




Zhu Shunyan                                   Tu Yanwu
Director                                      Director




                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report    99
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
Year ended March 31, 2023

                                                                                           Attributable to owners of parent

                                                                                                                              Fair value
                                                                                                                              reserve of
                                                                                                                               financial
                                                                                                                          assets at fair
                                                                                                             Employee value through
                                                        Share                               Exchange       share-based            other                                                 Non-
                                         Share       premium    Treasury                   fluctuation   compensation comprehensive          Other    Accumulated                  controlling
                                        capital       account     shares Merger reserve       reserve          reserve          income     reserves        losses         Total      interests Total equity
                                Note   RMB’000       RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000          RMB’000          RMB’000     RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


At April 1, 2022                       119,102     43,499,897   (23,516)   (28,189,579)      (724,479)         460,077           28,529    237,401     (1,309,013)   14,098,419      (26,187)    14,072,232
Profit for the year                          —             —          —             —               —                —                —          —        533,407      533,407           856       534,263
Other comprehensive
  income/(loss) for the
  year:
  Changes in fair value of
     financial assets at fair
     value through other
     comprehensive
     income, net of tax                      —             —          —             —               —                —          (27,916)         —             —        (27,916)            —       (27,916)
  Exchange differences on
     translation of the
     Company and its
     subsidiaries                            —             —          —             —         343,560                —                —          —             —       343,560              —      343,560


Total comprehensive
  income/(loss) for the
  year                                       —             —          —             —         343,560                —          (27,916)         —        533,407      849,051           856       849,907
Repurchase of shares            28           —             —    (81,582)            —               —                —                —          —             —        (81,582)            —       (81,582)
Vested awarded shares
  transferred to employees      28           —       214,834     34,616             —               —         (231,223)               —      9,712             —        27,939              —       27,939
Exercise of share options       28          31        19,345          —             —               —           (6,486)               —          —             —        12,890              —       12,890
Share-based compensation
  costs                                      —             —          —             —               —          254,869                —          —             —       254,869              —      254,869
Deemed interest
  in an interest-free loan
  to a non-wholly-owned
  subsidiary                                 —             —          —             —               —                —                —       (148)            —          (148)          148             —
Deregistration of a
  subsidiary                                 —             —          —             —               —                —                —          —             —             —         (1,191)       (1,191)
Appropriation of statutory
  reserves                                   —             —          —             —               —                —                —     66,085        (66,085)           —              —            —
Partial disposal of interests
  in an associate                            —             —          —             —               —                —                —       (887)            —          (887)             —         (887)
Share of capital reserve of
  associates                                 —             —          —             —               —                —                —     13,156             —        13,156              —       13,156


At March 31, 2023                      119,133    43,734,076^   (70,482)   (28,189,579)^    (380,919)^         477,237^           613^     325,319^      (841,691)^ 15,173,707       (26,374)    15,147,333




100          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY
                                                                                                                                                                   Year ended March 31, 2022

                                                                                             Attributable to owners of parent

                                                                                                                                   Fair value
                                                                                                                                   reserve of
                                                                                                                                    financial
                                                                                                                                assets at fair
                                                                                                               Employee value through
                                                       Share                                  Exchange      share-based                 other                                                  Non-
                                          Share     premium      Treasury                    fluctuation   compensation comprehensive              Other    Accumulated                   controlling
                                         capital     account       shares Merger reserve        reserve          reserve             income      reserves        losses         Total       interests Total equity
                                 Note   RMB’000     RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000        RMB’000      RMB’000


At April 1, 2021                        118,859    43,281,281     (22,265)   (28,189,579)      (452,462)        363,949^              43,971     143,848       (985,652)    14,301,950       (20,346) 14,281,604
Loss for the year                             —            —           —               —              —                —                    —          —       (265,555)      (265,555)         (386)    (265,941)
Other comprehensive income/
  (loss) for the year:
  Change in fair value of
     financial assets at fair
     value through other
     comprehensive income,
     net of tax                               —            —           —               —              —                —              (15,459)         —              —        (15,459)            —      (15,459)
  Share of other
     comprehensive income
     of an associate                          —            —           —               —              —                —                   17          —              —             17             —           17
  Exchange differences on
     translation of the
     Company and its
     subsidiaries                             —            —           —               —       (272,017)               —                    —          —              —       (272,017)            —     (272,017)


Total comprehensive loss for
  the year                                    —            —           —               —       (272,017)               —              (15,442)         —       (265,555)      (553,014)         (386)    (553,400)
Issue of new shares for
  restricted share units         28         219            —         (219)             —              —                —                    —          —              —             —              —            —
Repurchase of shares             28           —            —      (16,519)             —              —                —                    —          —              —        (16,519)            —      (16,519)
Share based compensation
  expenses                                    —            —           —               —              —           17,796                    —          —              —        17,796              —       17,796
Vested awarded shares
  transferred to employees       28           —      203,824      15,487               —              —         (209,789)                   —     22,574              —        32,096              —       32,096
Exercise of share options        28          24       14,792           —               —              —            (5,123)                  —          —              —          9,693             —        9,693
Share-based compensation
  costs                                       —            —           —               —              —          293,244                    —          —              —       293,244              —      293,244
Deemed interest
  in an interest-free loan
  to a non-wholly-owned
  subsidiary                                  —            —           —               —              —                —                    —        665              —           665           (665)           —
Deregistration of a subsidiary                —            —           —               —              —                —                    —          —              —             —         (4,790)       (4,790)
Appropriation of statutory
  reserves                                    —            —           —               —              —                —                    —     57,806        (57,806)            —              —            —
Share of capital reserve of an
  associate                                   —            —           —               —              —                —                    —     12,508              —        12,508              —       12,508


At March 31, 2022                       119,102    43,499,897^    (23,516)   (28,189,579)^    (724,479)^         460,077^             28,529^    237,401^    (1,309,013)^   14,098,419       (26,187) 14,072,232



^	These reserve accounts comprise the consolidated reserves of RMB15,125,056,000 (2022: RMB14,002,833,000) in the consolidated statement
             of financial position.




                                                                                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report                                   101
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
Year ended March 31, 2023

                                                                                      2023        2022
                                                                           Notes   RMB’000     RMB’000

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES
Profit/(loss) before tax                                                           550,994     (252,514)
Adjustments for:
   Finance costs                                                           13(b)      5,833       3,815
   Share of profits of joint ventures                                               (48,981)     (1,269)
   Share of losses of associates                                                     37,600      46,889
   Bank interest income                                                      5     (330,442)   (209,664)
   Other interest income                                                     5       (1,146)       (174)
   Gain on disposal of property and equipment                                5          (65)       (142)
   Gain on deemed disposal of interests in associates                        5      (41,474)   (381,392)
   Gain on partial disposal of interests in an associate                     5      (22,847)          —
   Covid–19-related rent concessions from lessors                          13(b)       (299)        (76)
   Gain on recognition of net investments in subleases                       5       (2,649)          —
   Loss on revision of lease terms arising from changes
      in the non-cancellable periods of leases                              6         3,167           —
   Loss on deregistration of subsidiaries                                   6         1,308           —
   Impairment of investment in a joint venture                              6             —       1,357
   Dividend income from financial assets at fair value
      through profit or loss                                                5            —       (3,741)
   Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value
      through profit or loss                                                5       (47,917)   (162,062)
   Fair value loss on contingent consideration included
      in other payables and accruals                                        6       19,811       2,782
   Depreciation of property and equipment                                   6        9,514       9,978
   Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                      6       36,692      38,693
   Amortization of intangible assets                                        6       17,513      11,905
   Impairment of trade receivables                                          6        1,824         132
   Impairment of other receivables                                          6       11,518           —
   Impairment of inventories                                                6      159,591      48,328
   Share-based compensation expenses                                        6      308,890     408,098

                                                                                    668,435    (439,057)
Increase in trade and bills receivables                                             (64,626)   (201,983)
Increase in prepayments, other receivables and other assets                        (214,854)   (165,583)
Increase in inventories                                                            (711,694)   (129,200)
Increase in trade and bills payables                                                186,711     959,570
Increase in other payables and accruals                                              89,082     173,299
Increase in contract liabilities                                                    234,388      70,103
Increase in restricted cash                                                         (87,137)    (52,108)
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes, net                                        (69,837)     17,027

Cash generated from operations                                                      30,468     232,068

Interest received                                                                  274,168     241,446
Interest paid                                                                       (5,833)     (3,815)
Mainland of the People’s Republic of China (“Mainland China”)
   income tax paid                                                                  (42,616)    (41,357)
Hong Kong profits tax paid                                                             (497)     (3,979)

Net cash flows generated from operating activities                                 255,690     424,363


102   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                                                                                                 Year ended March 31, 2023

                                                                                                2023                     2022
                                                                          Notes              RMB’000                  RMB’000

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES
Purchase of items of property and equipment                                 12                  (5,612)                (14,930)
Purchase of items of other intangible assets                                15                    (308)                   (185)
Purchase of financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                             (142,420)               (355,000)
Proceeds from maturity/redemption of financial assets at fair value
   through profit or loss                                                                            —                  35,980
Proceeds from disposal of property and equipment                                                   413                   1,856
Receipt of finance lease payments                                                               15,803                       —
Payment of consideration of acquisitions                                                       (77,326)               (815,597)
Investment in a joint venture                                                                  (39,800)                (59,700)
Receipt of loan repayment from a third party company                                                 —                  13,900
Interest received                                                                               44,590                     174
Dividend received from financial assets at fair value
   through profit or loss                                                                            —                       3,741
Dividend received from investment in an associate                                                2,487                         975
Proceeds from partial disposal of interests in an associate                                     46,503                           —
Decrease/(increase) in non-pledged time deposits with original
   maturity of over three months when acquired                                                (376,766)              3,178,070
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                              —                (116,976)


Net cash flows generated from/(used in) investing activities                                  (532,436)              1,872,308


CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES
Repurchase of shares                                                        28                 (81,582)                 (16,519)
Proceeds from exercise of share options                                     28                  12,890                    9,693
Principal portion of lease payments                                                            (42,586)                 (47,012)
Investment return to a non-controlling shareholder
   upon the deregistration of a subsidiary                                                             —                 (4,790)


Net cash flows used in financing activities                                                   (111,278)                 (58,628)


NET INCREASE/(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS                                         (388,024)               2,238,043
Effect of foreign exchange rate changes                                                       283,447                 (148,891)
Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year                                              9,341,427                7,252,275


CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR                                                    9,236,850                9,341,427


Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated statement
   of financial position                                                                  10,917,171               10,547,851
Time deposits with original maturity of over three month
   when acquired                                                                           (1,680,321)              (1,206,424)


Cash and cash equivalents as stated in the consolidated statement
  of cash flows                                                                             9,236,850                9,341,427




                                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report    103
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

1.    CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION

      Alibaba Health Information Technology Limited (the “Company”) is incorporated in Bermuda as an
exempted company with limited liability. The address of its registered office is Victoria Place, 5th Floor, 31
Victoria Street, Hamilton HM 10, Bermuda. The principal place of business of the Company is located at 65th
Floor, CITIC Tower, Beijing, the People’s Republic of China (the “PRC”).

      The Company is an investment holding company. The Company and its subsidiaries (hereinafter
collectively referred to as the “Group”) are primarily engaged in the pharmaceutical direct sales business,
pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business and healthcare and digital services business.

      In the opinion of the directors, the Company’s ultimate holding company of the Company is Alibaba Group
Holding Limited (“Alibaba Holding”, together with its subsidiaries, “Alibaba Group”). There is no company
holding a direct majority interest in the Company.

      Information about subsidiaries

            Particulars of the Company’s principal subsidiaries at the end of the reporting period are as follows:

                                                       Place of incorporation/        Issued ordinary/      Percentage of
                                                       registration and                      registered   equity attributable
            Name                                       operations                         share capital    to the Company        Principal activities
                                                                                                           2023           2022


            Alibaba Health (Hong Kong)                 Hong Kong                 HK$4,865,000,331.95         100           100   Investment holding and
              Technology Company Limited                                                                                             pharmaceutical direct sales
              (“Alibaba Health (Hong Kong)”)                                                                                         services

            禮得合信息技術（北京）有限公司                            PRC/Mainland China            RMB300,000,000          100           100   Provision of e-commerce
             Lidehe Information Technology (Beijing)                                                                                 platform services
             Co., Ltd.abc

            北京雲康佳檢信息技術有限公司                             PRC/Mainland China             RMB60,000,000           80            80   Provision of digital infrastructure
             Beijing Yunkang Jiajian Information                                                                                     services
             Technology Co., Ltd.ac

            阿里健康科技（中國）有限公司                             PRC/Mainland China            RMB800,000,000          100           100   Investment holding and digital
             Alibaba Health Technology (China)                                                                                       infrastructure service
             Limitedabc (“Alibaba Health (China)”)

            阿里健康大藥房醫藥連鎖有限公司                            PRC/Mainland China          RMB1,791,660,000          100           100   Pharmacy business
             Alibaba Health Pharmaceutical Chain
             Co., Ltd.ac

            阿里健康（浙江）醫藥有限公司                             PRC/Mainland China             RMB20,000,000          100           100   Pharmaceutical product trading
             Alibaba Health Zhejiang Pharmaceutical                                                                                  and healthcare service
             Co., Ltd.ac                                                                                                             business

            阿里健康科技（杭州）有限公司                             PRC/Mainland China          RMB1,400,000,000          100           100   Provision of e-commerce
             Alibaba Health Technology (Hangzhou)                                                                                    platform services
             Limitedabc




104   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                            March 31, 2023

1.   CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

     Information about subsidiaries (Continued)

                                                   Place of incorporation/           Issued ordinary/      Percentage of
                                                   registration and                         registered   equity attributable
          Name                                     operations                            share capital    to the Company        Principal activities
                                                                                                          2023           2022


          弘雲久康數據技術（北京）有限公司                         PRC/Mainland China                RMB40,000,000          100           100   Investment holding
           Hongyun Jiukang Data Technology
           (Beijing) Co., Ltd.acd
           (“Hongyun Jiukang”)

          杭州鹿康健康科技有限公司                             PRC/Mainland China               RMB301,000,000          100           100   Provision of e-commerce
           Hangzhou Lukang Health Technology                                                                                        platform services
           Co., Ltd.abc

          廣州市阿里健康醫療科技有限公司                          PRC/Mainland China                RMB75,000,000          100           100   Healthcare service business
           Guangzhou Ali Health Medical Technology
           Co., Ltd.ac

          杭州得賦健康管理有限公司                             PRC/Mainland China                 RMB1,200,000          100           100   Provision of e-commerce
           Hangzhou Defu Health Management                                                                                          platform services
           Co., Ltd.abc

          Ali JK ZNS (HK) Limited                  Hong Kong                           USD200,000           100           100   Provision of e-commerce
                                                                                                                                    platform services

          海東市平安正陽互聯網中醫醫院有限公司                       PRC/Mainland China                RMB75,000,000          100           100   Internet hospital services
           Haidong Pingan Zhengyang Network
           Chinese Medical Hospital Co., Ltd.ac
           (“Pingan Zhengyang”)

          海南小鹿中醫互聯網醫院有限公司                          PRC/Mainland China                 RMB5,000,000          100           100   Internet hospital services
           Hainan Xiaolu Network Chinese Medical
           Hospital Co., Ltd.ac


          a        For identification purposes only


          b        Registered as wholly-foreign-owned enterprises under PRC law


          c        Registered as limited liability companies under PRC law


          d        The Company does not have legal ownership in the equity of Hongyun Jiukang. However, under certain contractual
                   agreements (including a power of attorney agreement, loan agreement, equity option agreement, equity interest pledge
                   agreement and an exclusive technical consulting and service agreement) entered into with the registered owners of the
                   entity, the Company, through its indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary, controls the entity by way of controlling the voting
                   rights, governing the financial and operating policies, appointing or removing the majority of the members of its
                   controlling authorities, and casting the majority of votes at meetings of such authorities. In addition, such contractual
                   agreements also transfer the risks and rewards of the entity to the Company and/or its indirectly owned subsidiary. As a
                   result, the entity is treated as a subsidiary of the Company and its financial statements have been consolidated by the
                   Company.




                                                                             ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report              105
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

1.    CORPORATE AND GROUP INFORMATION (CONTINUED)

      Information about subsidiaries (continued)

            The subsidiaries listed in the above table are indirectly owned by the Company and they, in the
      opinion of the directors, principally affected the results for the year or formed a substantial portion of the
      net assets of the Group. To give details of other subsidiaries would, in the opinion of the directors, result
      in particulars of excessive length.


2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION

            These consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Hong Kong
      Financial Reporting Standards (“HKFRSs”) (which include all Hong Kong Financial Reporting Standards,
      Hong Kong Accounting Standards (“HKASs”) and Interpretations) issued by the Hong Kong Institute of
      Certified Public Accountants (“HKICPA”), accounting principles generally accepted in Hong Kong and the
      disclosure requirements of the Hong Kong Companies Ordinance. They have been prepared under the
      historical cost convention, except for financial instruments at fair value through profit or loss (“FVPL”), bills
      receivable, an equity investment designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (“FVOCI”)
      and contingent consideration included in other payables and accruals, which have been measured at fair
      value. These financial statements are presented in RMB and all values are rounded to the nearest
      thousand except when otherwise indicated.

      Basis of consolidation

            The consolidated financial statements include the financial statements of the Company and its
      subsidiaries for the year ended March 31, 2023. A subsidiary is an entity (including a structured entity),
      directly or indirectly, controlled by the Company. Control is achieved when the Group is exposed, or has
      rights, to variable returns from its involvement with the investee and has the ability to affect those returns
      through its power over the investee (i.e., existing rights that give the Group the current ability to direct the
      relevant activities of the investee).

            The Company has set up two trusts (the “Trust(s)”) for the purpose of purchasing, administering and
      holding the Company’s shares for the share award scheme adopted on November 24, 2014 (the “Share
      Award Scheme”, note 29). During the year ended March 31, 2023, the Company reorganized the
      arrangement of the Trusts and there remained one Trust as at March 31, 2023. The Group has the power
      to govern the financial and operating policies of the Trusts and derive benefits from the services of the
      employees who have been awarded the awarded shares through their continued employment with the
      Group. The assets and liabilities of the Trusts are included in the consolidated statement of financial
      position and the Company’s shares held by the Trusts are presented as a deduction in equity as the
      Company’s shares held for the Share Award Scheme.




106   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                March 31, 2023

2.1 BASIS OF PREPARATION (CONTINUED)

   Basis of consolidation (Continued)

        Generally, there is a presumption that a majority of voting rights results in control. When the
   Company has, directly or indirectly, less than a majority of the voting or similar rights of an investee, the
   Group considers all relevant facts and circumstances in assessing whether it has power over an investee,
   including:

        (a)     the contractual arrangement with the other vote holders of the investee;

        (b)     rights arising from other contractual arrangements; and

        (c)     the Group’s voting rights and potential voting rights.

        The financial statements of the subsidiaries are prepared for the same reporting period as the
   Company, using consistent accounting policies. The results of subsidiaries are consolidated from the date
   on which the Group obtains control, and continue to be consolidated until the date that such control
   ceases.

        Profit or loss and each component of other comprehensive income are attributed to the owners of
   the parent and to the non-controlling interests, even if this results in the non-controlling interests having a
   deficit balance. All intra-group assets and liabilities, equity, income, expenses and cash flows relating to
   transactions between members of the Group are eliminated in full on consolidation.

        The Group reassesses whether or not it controls an investee if facts and circumstances indicate that
   there are changes to one or more of the three elements of control described above. A change in the
   ownership interest of a subsidiary, without a loss of control, is accounted for as an equity transaction.

        If the Group loses control over a subsidiary, it derecognizes (i) the assets (including goodwill) and
   liabilities of the subsidiary, (ii) the carrying amount of any non-controlling interest and (iii) the cumulative
   translation differences recorded in equity; and recognizes (i) the fair value of the consideration received,
   (ii) the fair value of any investment retained and (iii) any resulting surplus or deficit in profit or loss. The
   Group’s share of components previously recognized in other comprehensive income is reclassified to profit
   or loss or retained profits/accumulated losses, as appropriate, on the same basis as would be required if
   the Group had directly disposed of the related assets or liabilities.




                                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   107
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

2.2	C HANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES

      The Group has adopted the following revised HKFRSs for the first time for the current year’s financial
statements.

      Amendments to HKFRS 3                          Reference to the Conceptual Framework
      Amendments to HKAS 16                          Property, Plant and Equipment: Proceeds before Intended Use
      Amendments to HKAS 37                          Onerous Contracts — Cost of Fulfilling a Contract
      Annual Improvements to                         Amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 9, Illustrative Examples
            HKFRSs 2018–2020                             accompanying HKFRS 16, and HKAS 41

      The nature and the impact of the revised HKFRSs that are applicable to the Group are described below:

      (a)     Amendments to HKFRS 3 replace a reference to the previous Framework for the Preparation and
              Presentation of Financial Statements with a reference to the Conceptual Framework for Financial
              Reporting (the “Conceptual Framework”) issued in June 2018 without significantly changing its
              requirements. The amendments also add to HKFRS 3 an exception to its recognition principle for an
              entity to refer to the Conceptual Framework to determine what constitutes an asset or a liability. The
              exception specifies that, for liabilities and contingent liabilities that would be within the scope of
              HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 if they were incurred separately rather than assumed in a business
              combination, an entity applying HKFRS 3 should refer to HKAS 37 or HK(IFRIC)-Int 21 respectively
              instead of the Conceptual Framework. Furthermore, the amendments clarify that contingent assets do
              not qualify for recognition at the acquisition date. The Group has applied the amendments
              prospectively to business combinations that occurred on or after April 1, 2022. As there were no
              business combinations during the year, the amendments did not have any impact on the financial
              position and performance of the Group.

      (b)     Amendments to HKAS 16 prohibit an entity from deducting from the cost of an item of property, plant
              and equipment any proceeds from selling items produced while bringing that asset to the location
              and condition necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management.
              Instead, an entity recognizes the proceeds from selling any such items, and the cost of those items
              as determined by HKAS 2 Inventories , in profit or loss. The Group has applied the amendments
              retrospectively to items of plant and equipment made available for use on or after April 1, 2021.
              Since there was no sale of items produced prior to the plant and equipment being available for use,
              the amendments did not have any impact on the financial position or performance of the Group.




108   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                March 31, 2023

2.2	C HANGES IN ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND DISCLOSURES
     (CONTINUED)

   (c)   Amendments to HKAS 37 clarify that for the purpose of assessing whether a contract is onerous under
         HKAS 37, the cost of fulfilling the contract comprises the costs that relate directly to the contract.
         Costs that relate directly to a contract include both the incremental costs of fulfilling that contract
         (e.g., direct labor and materials) and an allocation of other costs that relate directly to fulfilling that
         contract (e.g., an allocation of the depreciation charge for an item of property, plant and equipment
         used in fulfilling the contract as well as contract management and supervision costs). General and
         administrative costs do not relate directly to a contract and are excluded unless they are explicitly
         chargeable to the counterparty under the contract. The Group has applied the amendments
         prospectively to contracts for which it has not yet fulfilled all its obligations at April 1, 2022 and no
         onerous contracts were identified. Therefore, the amendments did not have any impact on the
         financial position or performance of the Group.

   (d)   Annual Improvements to HKFRSs 2018–2020 sets out amendments to HKFRS 1, HKFRS 9, Illustrative
         Examples accompanying HKFRS 16, and HKAS 41. The amendment applicable to the Group is HKFRS
         9 Financial Instruments which clarifies the fees that an entity includes when assessing whether the
         terms of a new or modified financial liability are substantially different from the terms of the original
         financial liability. These fees include only those paid or received between the borrower and the
         lender, including fees paid or received by either the borrower or lender on the other’s behalf. The
         Group has applied the amendment prospectively from April 1, 2022. As there was no modification or
         exchange of the Group’s financial liabilities during the year, the amendment did not have any
         impact on the financial position or performance of the Group.




                                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   109
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

2.3	I SSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING
     STANDARDS

      The Group has not applied the following new and revised HKFRSs, that have been issued but are not yet
effective, in these financial statements.

      Amendments to HKFRS 10 and                  Sale or Contribution of Assets between an Investor and its Associate
          HKAS 28 (2011)                             or Joint Venture 3
      Amendments to HKFRS 16                      Lease Liability in a Sale and Leaseback 2
      HKFRS 17                                    Insurance Contracts 1
      Amendments to HKFRS 17                      Insurance Contracts 1, 5
      Amendment to HKFRS 17                       Initial Application of HKFRS 17 and HKFRS 9 — Comparative Information 6
      Amendments to HKAS 1                        Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current
                                                     (the “2020 Amendments”)2, 4
      Amendments to HKAS 1                        Non-current Liabilities with Covenants (the “2022 Amendments”)2
      Amendments to HKAS 1 and                    Disclosure of Accounting Policies 1
          HKFRS Practice Statement 2
      Amendments HKAS 8                           Definition of Accounting Estimates 1
      Amendments to HKAS 12                       Deferred Tax related to Assets and Liabilities arising from a Single
                                                     Transaction 1

      1
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023
      2
            Effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2024
      3
            No mandatory effective date yet determined but available for adoption
      4
            As a consequence of the 2022 Amendments, the effective date of the 2020 Amendments was deferred to annual periods beginning
            on or after January 1, 2024. In addition, as a consequence of the 2020 Amendments and 2022 Amendments, Hong Kong
            Interpretation 5 Presentation of Financial Statements — Classification by the Borrower of a Term Loan that Contains a Repayment
            on Demand Clause was revised to align the corresponding wording with no change in conclusion
      5
            As a consequence of the amendments to HKFRS 17 issued in October 2020, HKFRS 4 was amended to extend the temporary
            exemption that permits insurers to apply HKAS 39 rather than HKFRS 9 for annual periods beginning before January 1, 2023
      6
            An entity that chooses to apply the transition option relating to the classification overlay set out in this amendment shall apply it
            on initial application of HKFRS 17


      Further information about those HKFRSs that are expected to be applicable to the Group is described
below.




110   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                   March 31, 2023

2.3	I SSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING
     STANDARDS (CONTINUED)

     Amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (2011) address an inconsistency between the requirements in
HKFRS 10 and in HKAS 28 (2011) in dealing with the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its
associate or joint venture. The amendments require a full recognition of a gain or loss resulting from a
downstream transaction when the sale or contribution of assets between an investor and its associate or joint
venture constitutes a business. For a transaction involving assets that do not constitute a business, a gain or
loss resulting from the transaction is recognized in the investor’s profit or loss only to the extent of the
unrelated investor’s interest in that associate or joint venture. The amendments are to be applied prospectively.
The previous mandatory effective date of amendments to HKFRS 10 and HKAS 28 (2011) was removed by the
HKICPA in January 2016 and a new mandatory effective date will be determined after the completion of a
broader review of accounting for associates and joint ventures. However, the amendments are available for
adoption now.

     Amendments to HKFRS 16 specify the requirements that a seller-lessee uses in measuring the lease
liability arising in a sale and leaseback transaction to ensure the seller-lessee does not recognize any amount
of the gain or loss that relates to the right of use it retains. The amendments are effective for annual periods
beginning on or after January 1, 2024 and shall be applied retrospectively to sale and leaseback transactions
entered into after the date of initial application of HKFRS 16 (i.e., January 1, 2019). Earlier application is
permitted. The amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial
statements.

     Amendments to HKAS 1 Classification of Liabilities as Current or Non-current clarify the requirements for
classifying liabilities as current or non-current, in particular the determination over whether an entity has a right
to defer settlement of the liabilities for at least 12 months after the reporting period. Classification of a liability
is unaffected by the likelihood that the entity will exercise its right to defer settlement of the liability. The
amendments also clarify the situations that are considered a settlement of a liability. In 2022, the HKICPA
issued the 2022 Amendments to further clarify that, among covenants of a liability arising from a loan
arrangement, only those with which an entity must comply on or before the reporting date affect the
classification of that liability as current or non-current. In addition, the 2022 Amendments require additional
disclosures by an entity that classifies liabilities arising from loan arrangements as non-current when it has a
right to defer settlement of those liabilities that are subject to the entity complying with future covenants within
12 months after the reporting period. The amendments are effective for annual periods beginning on or after
January 1, 2024 and shall be applied retrospectively. Earlier application is permitted. An entity that applies the
2020 Amendments early is required to apply simultaneously the 2022 Amendments, and vice versa. The Group is
currently assessing the impact of the amendments and whether existing loan agreements may require revision.
Based on a preliminary assessment, the amendments are not expected to have any significant impact on the
Group’s financial statements.




                                                           ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   111
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

2.3	I SSUED BUT NOT YET EFFECTIVE HONG KONG FINANCIAL REPORTING
     STANDARDS (CONTINUED)

      Amendments to HKAS 1 Disclosure of Accounting Policies require entities to disclose their material
accounting policy information rather than their significant accounting policies. Accounting policy information is
material if, when considered together with other information included in an entity’s financial statements, it can
reasonably be expected to influence decisions that the primary users of general purpose financial statements
make on the basis of those financial statements. Amendments to HKFRS Practice Statement 2 provide non-
mandatory guidance on how to apply the concept of materiality to accounting policy disclosures. Amendments
to HKAS 1 are effective for annual periods beginning on or after January 1, 2023 and earlier application is
permitted. Since the guidance provided in the amendments to HKFRS Practice Statement 2 is non-mandatory,
an effective date for these amendments is not necessary. The Group is currently revisiting the accounting policy
disclosures to ensure consistency with the amendments.

      Amendments to HKAS 8 clarify the distinction between changes in accounting estimates and changes in
accounting policies. Accounting estimates are defined as monetary amounts in financial statements that are
subject to measurement uncertainty. The amendments also clarify how entities use measurement techniques
and inputs to develop accounting estimates. The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods
beginning on or after January 1, 2023 and apply to changes in accounting policies and changes in accounting
estimates that occur on or after the start of that period. Earlier application is permitted. The amendments are
not expected to have any significant impact on the Group’s financial statements.

      Amendments to HKAS 12 narrow the scope of the initial recognition exception in HKAS 12 so that it no
longer applies to transactions that give rise to equal taxable and deductible temporary differences, such as
leases and decommissioning obligations. Therefore, entities are required to recognize a deferred tax asset
(provided that sufficient taxable profit is available) and a deferred tax liability for temporary differences arising
from these transactions. The amendments are effective for annual reporting periods beginning on or after
January 1, 2023 and shall be applied to transactions related to leases and decommissioning obligations at the
beginning of the earliest comparative period presented, with any cumulative effect recognized as an
adjustment to the opening balance of accumulated losses or other component of equity as appropriate at that
date. In addition, the amendments shall be applied prospectively to transactions other than leases and
decommissioning obligations. Earlier application is permitted.

      The Group has applied the initial recognition exception and did not recognize a deferred tax asset and a
deferred tax liability for temporary differences for transactions related to leases. Upon initial application of
these amendments, the Group will recognize deferred tax for all temporary differences related to leases at the
beginning of the earliest comparative period presented. During the year, the Group has performed a detailed
assessment on the impact of amendments to HKAS 12. The Group has estimated that it will recognize a
deferred tax asset of RMB33,839,000 for deductible temporary differences associated with lease liabilities and a
deferred tax liability of RMB36,219,000 for taxable temporary differences associated with right-of-use assets,
and recognize the cumulative effect of initially applying the amendments as an adjustment to accumulated
losses at April 1, 2022.




112   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2023

2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES

  Investments in associates and joint ventures

          An associate is an entity in which the Group has a long term interest of the equity voting rights and
  over which it is in a position to exercise significant influence. Significant influence is the power to
  participate in the financial and operating policy decisions of the investee, but is not control or joint control
  over those policies.

          A joint venture is a type of joint arrangement whereby the parties that have joint control of the
  arrangement have rights to the net assets of the joint venture. Joint control is the contractually agreed
  sharing of control of an arrangement, which exists only when decisions about the relevant activities
  require the unanimous consent of the parties sharing control.

          The Group’s investments in associates and joint ventures are stated in the consolidated statement of
  financial position at the Group’s share of net assets under the equity method of accounting, less any
  impairment losses.

          The Group’s share of the post-acquisition results and other comprehensive income of associates and
  joint ventures is included in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and consolidated other
  comprehensive income, respectively. In addition, when there has been a change recognized directly in the
  equity of the associate or joint venture, the Group recognizes its share of any changes, when applicable,
  in the consolidated statement of changes in equity. Unrealized gains and losses resulting from
  transactions between the Group and its associates or joint ventures are eliminated to the extent of the
  Group’s investments in the associates or joint ventures, except where unrealized losses provide evidence of
  an impairment of the assets transferred. Goodwill arising from the acquisition of associates or joint
  ventures is included as part of the Group’s investments in associates or joint ventures.

          If an investment in an associate becomes an investment in a joint venture or vice versa, the retained
  interest is not remeasured. Instead, the investment continues to be accounted for under the equity
  method. In all other cases, upon loss of significant influence over the associate or joint control over the
  joint venture, the Group measures and recognizes any retained investment at its fair value. Any difference
  between the carrying amount of the associate or joint venture upon loss of significant influence or joint
  control and the fair value of the retained investment and proceeds from disposal is recognized in profit or
  loss.




                                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   113
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Business combinations and goodwill

            Except for business combination under common control, the Group accounted for its business
      combinations using the acquisition method. The consideration transferred is measured at the acquisition
      date fair value which is the sum of the acquisition date fair values of assets transferred by the Group,
      liabilities assumed by the Group to the former owners of the acquiree and the equity interests issued by
      the Group in exchange for control of the acquiree. For each business combination, the Group elects
      whether to measure the non-controlling interests in the acquiree that are present ownership interests and
      entitle their holders to a proportionate share of net assets in the event of liquidation at fair value or at the
      proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets. All other components of non-controlling
      interests are measured at fair value. Acquisition-related costs are expensed as incurred.

            The Group determines that it has acquired a business when the acquired set of activities and assets
      includes an input and a substantive process that together significantly contribute to the ability to create
      outputs.

            When the Group acquires a business, it assesses the financial assets and liabilities assumed for
      appropriate classification and designation in accordance with the contractual terms, economic
      circumstances and pertinent conditions as at the acquisition date. This includes the separation of
      embedded derivatives in host contracts of the acquiree.

            If the business combination is achieved in stages, the previously held equity interest is remeasured
      at its acquisition date fair value and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in profit or loss.

            Any contingent consideration to be transferred by the acquirer is recognized at fair value at the
      acquisition date. Contingent consideration classified as an asset or liability is measured at fair value with
      changes in fair value recognized in profit or loss. Contingent consideration that is classified as equity is
      not remeasured and subsequent settlement is accounted for within equity.

            Goodwill is initially measured at cost, being the excess of the aggregate of the consideration
      transferred, the amount recognized for non-controlling interests and any fair value of the Group’s
      previously held equity interests in the acquiree over the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities
      assumed. If the sum of this consideration and other items is lower than the fair value of the net assets
      acquired, the difference is, after reassessment, recognized in profit or loss as a gain on bargain purchase.




114   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                March 31, 2023

2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  Business combinations and goodwill (Continued)

           After initial recognition, goodwill is measured at cost less any accumulated impairment losses.
  Goodwill is tested for impairment annually or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances
  indicate that the carrying value may be impaired. The Group performs its annual impairment test of
  goodwill as at March 31. For the purpose of impairment testing, goodwill acquired in a business
  combination is, from the acquisition date, allocated to each of the Group’s cash-generating units
  (“CGUs”), or groups of CGUs, that are expected to benefit from the synergies of the combination,
  irrespective of whether other assets or liabilities of the Group are assigned to those units or groups of
  units.

           Impairment is determined by assessing the recoverable amount of the CGU (group of CGUs) to which
  the goodwill relates. Where the recoverable amount of the CGU (group of CGUs) is less than the carrying
  amount, an impairment loss is recognized. An impairment loss recognized for goodwill is not reversed in
  a subsequent period.

           Where goodwill has been allocated to a CGU (or group of CGUs) and part of the operation within
  that unit is disposed of, the goodwill associated with the operation disposed of is included in the carrying
  amount of the operation when determining the gain or loss on the disposal. Goodwill disposed of in these
  circumstances is measured based on the relative value of the operation disposed of and the portion of the
  CGU retained.

  Fair value measurement

           The Group measures its financial assets at FVPL, bills receivable, an equity investment designated at
  FVOCI and contingent consideration included in other payables and accruals at fair value at the end of
  each reporting period. Fair value is the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a
  liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The fair value
  measurement is based on the presumption that the transaction to sell the asset or transfer the liability
  takes place either in the principal market for the asset or liability, or in the absence of a principal market,
  in the most advantageous market for the asset or liability. The principal or the most advantageous market
  must be accessible by the Group. The fair value of an asset or a liability is measured using the
  assumptions that market participants would use when pricing the asset or liability, assuming that market
  participants act in their economic best interest.

           A fair value measurement of a non-financial asset takes into account a market participant’s ability to
  generate economic benefits by using the asset in its highest and best use or by selling it to another
  market participant that would use the asset in its highest and best use.




                                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   115
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Fair value measurement (Continued)

            The Group uses valuation techniques that are appropriate in the circumstances and for which
      sufficient data are available to measure fair value, maximizing the use of relevant observable inputs and
      minimizing the use of unobservable inputs.

            All assets and liabilities for which fair value is measured or disclosed in the financial statements are
      categorized within the fair value hierarchy, described as follows, based on the lowest level input that is
      significant to the fair value measurement as a whole:

            Level 1         —    based on quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or
                                 liabilities


            Level 2         —    based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to
                                 the fair value measurement is observable, either directly or indirectly


            Level 3         —    based on valuation techniques for which the lowest level input that is significant to
                                 the fair value measurement is unobservable

            For assets and liabilities that are recognized in the financial statements on a recurring basis, the
      Group determines whether transfers have occurred between levels in the hierarchy by reassessing
      categorization (based on the lowest level input that is significant to the fair value measurement as a
      whole) at the end of each reporting period.

      Impairment of non-financial assets

            Where an indication of impairment exists, or when annual impairment testing for an asset is
      required (other than inventories, deferred tax assets and financial assets), the asset’s recoverable amount
      is estimated. An asset’s recoverable amount is the higher of the asset’s or CGU’s value in use and its fair
      value less costs of disposal, and is determined for an individual asset, unless the asset does not generate
      cash inflows that are largely independent of those from other assets or groups of assets, in which case
      the recoverable amount is determined for the CGU to which the asset belongs. In testing a CGU for
      impairment, a portion of the carrying corporate asset (e.g., a headquarters building) is allocated to an
      individual CGU if it can be allocated on a reasonable and consistent basis or, otherwise, to the smallest
      group of CGUs.

            An impairment loss is recognized only if the carrying amount of an asset exceeds its recoverable
      amount. In assessing value in use, the estimated future cash flows are discounted to their present value
      using a pre-tax discount rate that reflects current market assessments of the time value of money and the
      risks specific to the asset. An impairment loss is charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in
      which it arises in those expense categories consistent with the function of the impaired asset.




116   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                 March 31, 2023

2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  Impairment of non-financial assets (Continued)

       An assessment is made at the end of each reporting period as to whether there is an indication that
  previously recognized impairment losses may no longer exist or may have decreased. If such an indication
  exists, the recoverable amount is estimated. A previously recognized impairment loss of an asset other
  than goodwill is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to determine the
  recoverable amount of that asset, but not to an amount higher than the carrying amount that would have
  been determined (net of any depreciation/amortization) had no impairment loss been recognized for the
  asset in prior years. A reversal of such an impairment loss is credited to the statement of profit or loss in
  the period in which it arises.

  Related parties

       A party is considered to be related to the Group if:

       (a)   the party is a person or a close member of that person’s family and that person

             (i)     has control or joint control over the Group;

             (ii)    has significant influence over the Group; or

             (iii)   is a member of the key management personnel of the Group or of a parent of the Group;

       or

       (b)   the party is an entity where any of the following conditions applies:

             (i)     the entity and the Group are members of the same group;

             (ii)    one entity is an associate or joint venture of the other entity (or of a parent, subsidiary or
                     fellow subsidiary of the other entity);

             (iii)   the entity and the Group are joint ventures of the same third party;

             (iv)    one entity is a joint venture of a third entity and the other entity is an associate of the third
                     entity;




                                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   117
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Related parties (Continued)

            (b)     (Continued)

                   (v)     the entity is a post-employment benefit plan for the benefit of employees of either the
                           Group or an entity related to the Group; and the sponsoring employers of the post-
                           employment benefit plan;

                   (vi)    the entity is controlled or jointly controlled by a person identified in (a);

                   (vii) a person identified in (a)(i) has significant influence over the entity or is a member of the
                           key management personnel of the entity (or of a parent of the entity); and

                   (viii) the entity, or any member of a group of which it is a part, provides key management
                           personnel services to the Group or to the parent of the Group.

      Property and equipment and depreciation

            Property and equipment are stated at cost less accumulated depreciation and any impairment
      losses. The cost of an item of property and equipment comprises its purchase price and any directly
      attributable costs of bringing the asset to its working condition and location for its intended use.

            Expenditure incurred after items of property and equipment have been put into operation, such as
      repairs and maintenance, is normally charged to the statement of profit or loss in the period in which it is
      incurred. In situations where the recognition criteria are satisfied, the expenditure for a major inspection is
      capitalized in the carrying amount of the asset as a replacement. Where significant parts of property and
      equipment are required to be replaced at intervals, the Group recognizes such parts as individual assets
      with specific useful lives and depreciates them accordingly.

            Depreciation is calculated on the straight-line basis to write off the cost of each item of property and
      equipment to its residual value over its estimated useful life. The principal annual rates used for this
      purpose are as follows:

            Leasehold improvements                                         Over the shorter of lease terms and 171/6%
            Computer equipment, furniture and fixtures                     20% to 331/3%
            Motor vehicles                                                 20% to 331/3%




118   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2023

2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  Property and equipment and depreciation (Continued)

       Where parts of an item of property and equipment have different useful lives, the cost of that item is
  allocated on a reasonable basis among the parts and each part is depreciated separately. Residual
  values, useful lives and the depreciation method are reviewed, and adjusted if appropriate, at least at
  each financial year end.

       An item of property and equipment including any significant part initially recognized is derecognized
  upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or
  loss on disposal or retirement recognized in the statement of profit or loss in the year the asset is
  derecognized is the difference between the net sales proceeds and the carrying amount of the relevant
  asset.

  Intangible assets (other than goodwill)

       Intangible assets acquired separately are measured on initial recognition at cost. The cost of
  intangible assets acquired in a business combination is the fair value at the date of acquisition. The
  useful lives of intangible assets are assessed to be either finite or indefinite. Intangible assets with finite
  lives are subsequently amortized over the useful economic life and assessed for impairment whenever
  there is an indication that the intangible asset may be impaired. The amortization period and the
  amortization method for an intangible asset with a finite useful life are reviewed at least at each financial
  year end.

  Patents and licences

       Patents and licences are stated at cost less any impairment losses and are amortized on the
  straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of three years.

  Brand name

       The brand name is stated at cost less impairment losses and is amortized on the straight-line basis
  over its estimated useful life of 20 years.

  Leases

       The Group assesses at contract inception whether a contract is, or contains, a lease. A contract is, or
  contains, a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of
  time in exchange for consideration.




                                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   119
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Leases (Continued)

      Group as a lessee

            The Group applies a single recognition and measurement approach for all leases, except for short-
      term leases. The Group recognizes lease liabilities to make lease payments and right-of-use assets
      representing the right to use the underlying assets.

      (a)   Right-of-use assets

            Right-of-use assets are recognized at the commencement date of the lease (that is the date the
      underlying asset is available for use). Right-of-use assets are measured at cost, less any accumulated
      depreciation and any impairment losses, and adjusted for any remeasurement of lease liabilities. The cost
      of right-of-use assets includes the amount of lease liabilities recognized, initial direct costs incurred, and
      lease payments made at or before the commencement date less any lease incentives received. Right-of-
      use assets are depreciated on a straight-line basis over the shorter of the lease terms and the estimated
      useful lives of the assets as follows:

            Retail outlets                            1.5 to 9 years
            Offices                                   2 to 3 years
            Staff dormitories                         1.1 to 2 years
            Warehouses                                2 to 3 years

      (b)   Lease liabilities

            Lease liabilities are recognized at the commencement date of the lease at the present value of lease
      payments to be made over the lease term. The lease payments include fixed payments (including in
      substance fixed payments) less any lease incentives receivable, variable lease payments that depend on
      an index or a rate, and amounts expected to be paid under residual value guarantees. The lease
      payments also include the exercise price of a purchase option reasonably certain to be exercised by the
      Group and payments of penalties for termination of a lease, if the lease term reflects the Group exercising
      the option to terminate the lease. The variable lease payments that do not depend on an index or a rate
      are recognized as an expense in the period in which the event or condition that triggers the payment
      occurs.

            In calculating the present value of lease payments, the Group uses its incremental borrowing rate at
      the lease commencement date because the interest rate implicit in the lease is not readily determinable.
      After the commencement date, the amount of lease liabilities is increased to reflect the accretion of
      interest and reduced for the lease payments made. In addition, the carrying amount of lease liabilities is
      remeasured if there is a modification, a change in the lease term, a change in lease payments (e.g., a
      change to future lease payments resulting from a change in an index or rate) or a change in assessment
      of an option to purchase the underlying asset.




120   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2023

2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  Leases (Continued)

  Group as a lessee (Continued)

  (c)   Short-term leases

        The Group applies the short-term lease recognition exemption to its short-term leases of properties
  (that is those leases that have a lease term of 12 months or less from the commencement date and do
  not contain a purchase option). Lease payments on short-term leases are recognized as an expense on a
  straight-line basis over the lease term.

  Group as a lessor

        When the Group acts as a lessor, it classifies at lease inception (or when there is a lease
  modification) each of its leases as either an operating lease or a finance lease.

        Leases in which the Group does not transfer substantially all the risks and rewards incidental to
  ownership of an asset are classified as operating leases. When a contract contains lease and non-lease
  components, the Group allocates the consideration in the contract to each component on a relative stand-
  alone selling price basis. Rental income is accounted for on a straight-line basis over the lease terms and
  is included in revenue in the statement of profit or loss due to its operating nature. Initial direct costs
  incurred in negotiating and arranging an operating lease are added to the carrying amount of the leased
  asset and recognized over the lease term on the same basis as rental income. Contingent rents are
  recognized as revenue in the period in which they are earned.

  Investments and other financial assets

  Initial recognition and measurement

        Financial assets are classified, at initial recognition, as subsequently measured at amortized cost, fair
  value through other comprehensive income, and fair value through profit or loss.

        The classification of financial assets at initial recognition depends on the financial asset’s contractual
  cash flow characteristics and the Group’s business model for managing them. With the exception of trade
  receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or for which the Group has applied the
  practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group initially
  measures a financial asset at its fair value, plus in the case of a financial asset not at fair value through
  profit or loss, transaction costs. Trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or
  for which the Group has applied the practical expedient are measured at the transaction price determined
  under HKFRS 15 in accordance with the policies set out for “Revenue recognition” below.




                                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   121
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

      Initial recognition and measurement (Continued)

            In order for a financial asset to be classified and measured at amortized cost or fair value through
      other comprehensive income, it needs to give rise to cash flows that are solely payments of principal and
      interest (“SPPI”) on the principal amount outstanding. Financial assets with cash flows that are not SPPI
      are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss, irrespective of the business model.

            The Group’s business model for managing financial assets refers to how it manages its financial
      assets in order to generate cash flows. The business model determines whether cash flows will result from
      collecting contractual cash flows, selling the financial assets, or both. Financial assets classified and
      measured at amortized cost are held within a business model with the objective to hold financial assets in
      order to collect contractual cash flows, while financial assets classified and measured at fair value
      through other comprehensive income are held within a business model with the objective of both holding
      to collect contractual cash flows and selling. Financial assets which are not held within the
      aforementioned business models are classified and measured at fair value through profit or loss.

            All regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognized on the trade date, that is, the
      date that the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. Regular way purchases or sales are purchases
      or sales of financial assets that require delivery of assets within the period generally established by
      regulation or convention in the marketplace.

      Subsequent measurement

            The subsequent measurement of financial assets depends on their classification as follows:

            Financial assets at amortized cost (debt instruments)

                   Financial assets at amortized cost are subsequently measured using the effective interest
            method and are subject to impairment. Gains and losses are recognized in the statement of profit or
            loss when the asset is derecognized, modified or impaired.

            Financial assets at fair value through other comprehensive income (debt instruments)

                   For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, interest income,
            foreign exchange revaluation and impairment losses or reversals are recognized in the statement of
            profit or loss and computed in the same manner as for financial assets measured at amortized cost.
            The remaining fair value changes are recognized in other comprehensive income. Upon
            derecognition, the cumulative fair value change recognized in other comprehensive income is
            recycled to the statement of profit or loss.




122   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                               March 31, 2023

2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)
  Investments and other financial assets (Continued)

  Subsequent measurement (Continued)

      Financial assets designated at fair value through other comprehensive income (equity investments)

             Upon initial recognition, the Group can elect to classify irrevocably its equity investments as
       equity investments designated at fair value through other comprehensive income when they meet the
       definition of equity under HKAS 32 Financial Instruments: Presentation and are not held for trading.
       The classification is determined on an instrument-by-instrument basis.

            Gains and losses on these financial assets are never recycled to the statement of profit or loss.
       Dividends are recognized as other income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of
       payment has been established, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the
       dividend will flow to the Group and the amount of the dividend can be measured reliably, except
       when the Group benefits from such proceeds as a recovery of part of the cost of the financial asset,
       in which case such gains are recorded in other comprehensive income. Equity investments
       designated at fair value through other comprehensive income are not subject to impairment
       assessment.

      Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss

             Financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are carried in the statement of financial
       position at fair value with net changes in fair value recognized in the statement of profit or loss.

             This category includes derivative instruments and equity investments which the Group had not
       irrevocably elected to classify at fair value through other comprehensive income. Dividends on equity
       investments classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss are also recognized as
       other income in the statement of profit or loss when the right of payment has been established, it is
       probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group and the
       amount of the dividend can be measured reliably.

              A derivative embedded in a hybrid contract, with a financial liability or non-financial host, is
       separated from the host and accounted for as a separate derivative if the economic characteristics
       and risks are not closely related to the host; a separate instrument with the same terms as the
       embedded derivative would meet the definition of a derivative; and the hybrid contract is not
       measured at fair value through profit or loss. Embedded derivatives are measured at fair value with
       changes in fair value recognized in the statement of profit or loss. Reassessment only occurs if there
       is either a change in the terms of the contract that significantly modifies the cash flows that would
       otherwise be required or a reclassification of a financial asset out of the fair value through profit or
       loss category.

            A derivative embedded within a hybrid contract containing a financial asset host is not
       accounted for separately. The financial asset host together with the embedded derivative is required
       to be classified in its entirety as a financial asset at fair value through profit or loss.



                                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   123
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Derecognition of financial assets

            A financial asset (or, where applicable, a part of a financial asset or part of a group of similar
      financial assets) is primarily derecognized (i.e., removed from the Group’s consolidated statement of
      financial position) when:

            •      the rights to receive cash flows from the asset have expired; or

            •      the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from the asset or has assumed an
                   obligation to pay the received cash flows in full without material delay to a third party under a
                   “pass-through” arrangement; and either (a) the Group has transferred substantially all the
                   risks and rewards of the asset, or (b) the Group has neither transferred nor retained
                   substantially all the risks and rewards of the asset, but has transferred control of the asset.

            When the Group has transferred its rights to receive cash flows from an asset or has entered into a
      pass-through arrangement, it evaluates if, and to what extent, it has retained the risk and rewards of
      ownership of the asset. When it has neither transferred nor retained substantially all the risks and rewards
      of the asset nor transferred control of the asset, the Group continues to recognize the transferred asset to
      the extent of the Group’s continuing involvement. In that case, the Group also recognize an associated
      liability. The transferred asset and the associated liability are measured on a basis that reflects the rights
      and obligations that the Group has retained.

            Continuing involvement that takes the form of a guarantee over the transferred asset is measured at
      the lower of the original carrying amount of the asset and the maximum amount of consideration that the
      Group could be required to repay.

      Impairment of financial assets

            The Group recognizes an allowance for expected credit losses (“ECLs”) for all debt instruments not
      held at fair value through profit or loss. ECLs are based on the difference between the contractual cash
      flows due in accordance with the contract and all the cash flows that the Group expects to receive,
      discounted at an approximation of the original effective interest rate. The expected cash flows will include
      cash flows from the sale of collateral held or other credit enhancements that are integral to the
      contractual terms.




124   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2023

2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

  General approach

        ECLs are recognized in two stages. For credit exposures for which there has not been a significant
  increase in credit risk since initial recognition, ECLs are provided for credit losses that result from default
  events that are possible within the next 12 months (a 12-month ECL). For those credit exposures for which
  there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition, a loss allowance is required for
  credit losses expected over the remaining life of the exposure, irrespective of the timing of the default (a
  lifetime ECL).

        At each reporting date, the Group assesses whether the credit risk on a financial instrument has
  increased significantly since initial recognition. When making the assessment, the Group compares the risk
  of a default occurring on the financial instrument as at the reporting date with the risk of a default
  occurring on the financial instrument as at the date of initial recognition and considers reasonable and
  supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort, including historical and forward-
  looking information. The Group considers that there has been a significant increase in credit risk when
  contractual payments are more than 30 days past due.

        The Group considers a financial asset in default when unsettled contractual payments are aged more
  than two years. The Group has rebutted the 90 days past due presumption of default based on
  reasonable and supportable information, including the Group’s credit risk control practices and the
  historical recovery rate of financial assets over 90 days past due. However, the Group may also consider a
  financial asset to be in default when internal or external information indicates that the Group is unlikely to
  receive the outstanding contractual amounts in full before taking into account any credit enhancements
  held by the Group.

        For debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income, the Group applies the low
  credit risk simplification. At each reporting date, the Group evaluates whether the debt investments are
  considered to have low credit risk using all reasonable and supportable information that is available
  without undue cost or effort. However, when there has been a significant increase in credit risk of debt
  investments since origination, the allowance will be based on the lifetime ECL.




                                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   125
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Impairment of financial assets (Continued)

      General approach (Continued)

            A financial asset is written off when there is no reasonable expectation of recovering the contractual
      cash flows. Debt investments at fair value through other comprehensive income and financial assets at
      amortized cost are subject to impairment under the general approach and they are classified within the
      following stages for measurement of ECLs except for trade receivables which apply the simplified
      approach as detailed below.

            Stage 1                     —    Financial instruments for which credit risk has not increased significantly
                                             since initial recognition and for which the loss allowance is measured at an
                                             amount equal to 12-month ECLs


            Stage 2                     —    Financial instruments for which credit risk has increased significantly since
                                             initial recognition but that are not credit-impaired financial assets and for
                                             which the loss allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs


            Stage 3                     —    Financial assets that are credit-impaired at the reporting date (but that are
                                             not purchased or originated credit-impaired) and for which the loss
                                             allowance is measured at an amount equal to lifetime ECLs

      Simplified approach

            For trade receivables that do not contain a significant financing component or when the Group
      applies the practical expedient of not adjusting the effect of a significant financing component, the Group
      applies the simplified approach in calculating ECLs. Under the simplified approach, the Group does not
      track changes in credit risk, but instead recognizes a loss allowance based on lifetime ECLs at each
      reporting date. The Group has established a provision matrix that is based on its historical credit loss
      experience, adjusted for forward-looking factors specific to the debtors and the economic environment.

            For lease receivables, the Group chooses as its accounting policy to adopt the simplified approach in
      calculating ECLs with policies as described above.




126   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                March 31, 2023

2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  Financial liabilities

  Initial recognition and measurement

       Financial liabilities are classified, at initial recognition, as financial liabilities at fair value through
  profit or loss and financial liabilities at amortized cost.

       All financial liabilities are recognized initially at fair value and, in the case of loans and borrowings
  and payables, net of directly attributable transaction costs.

       The Group’s financial liabilities include trade and bills payables, and other financial liabilities
  included in other payables and lease liabilities.

  Subsequent measurement

       The subsequent measurement of financial liabilities depends on their classification as follows:

       Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

               Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for
       trading and financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or
       loss.

               Financial liabilities are classified as held for trading if they are incurred for the purpose of
       repurchasing in the near term. This category also includes derivative financial instruments entered
       into by the Group that are not designated as hedging instruments in hedge relationships as defined
       by HKFRS 9. Separated embedded derivatives are also classified as held for trading unless they are
       designated as effective hedging instruments. Gains or losses on liabilities held for trading are
       recognized in the statement of profit or loss. The net fair value gain or loss recognized in the
       statement of profit or loss does not include any interest charged on these financial liabilities.

               Financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss are
       designated at the initial date of recognition, and only if the criteria in HKFRS 9 are satisfied. Gains or
       losses on liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss are recognized in the statement of
       profit or loss, except for the gains or losses arising from the Group’s own credit risk which are
       presented in other comprehensive income with no subsequent reclassification to the statement of
       profit or loss. The net fair value gain or loss recognized in the statement of profit or loss does not
       include any interest charged on these financial liabilities.




                                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   127
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Financial liabilities (Continued)

      Subsequent measurement (Continued)

            Financial liabilities at amortized cost

                    After initial recognition, interest-bearing loans and borrowings are subsequently measured at
            amortized cost, using the effective interest rate method unless the effect of discounting would be
            immaterial, in which case they are stated at cost. Gains and losses are recognized in the statement
            of profit or loss when the liabilities are derecognized as well as through the effective interest rate
            amortization process.

                    Amortized cost is calculated by taking into account any discount or premium on acquisition and
            fees or costs that are an integral part of the effective interest rate. The effective interest rate
            amortization is included in finance costs in the statement of profit or loss.

            Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss

                    Financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss include financial liabilities held for
            trading and financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or
            loss.

                    Financial liabilities designated upon initial recognition as at fair value through profit or loss are
            designated at the initial date of recognition, and only if the criteria in HKFRS 9 are satisfied. Gains or
            losses on liabilities designated at fair value through profit or loss are recognized in the statement of
            profit or loss, except for the gains or losses arising from the Group’s own credit risk which are
            presented in other comprehensive income with no subsequent reclassification to the statement of
            profit or loss. The net fair value gain or loss recognized in the statement of profit or loss does not
            include any interest charged on these financial liabilities.

      Derecognition of financial liabilities

            A financial liability is derecognized when the obligation under the liability is discharged or cancelled,
      or expires.

            When an existing financial liability is replaced by another from the same lender on substantially
      different terms, or the terms of an existing liability are substantially modified, such an exchange or
      modification is treated as a derecognition of the original liability and a recognition of a new liability, and
      the difference between the respective carrying amounts is recognized in the statement of profit or loss.




128   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                               March 31, 2023

2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  Offsetting of financial instruments

       Financial assets and financial liabilities are offset and the net amount is reported in the statement of
  financial position if there is a currently enforceable legal right to offset the recognized amounts and there
  is an intention to settle on a net basis, or to realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously.

  Treasury shares

       Own equity instruments which are reacquired and held by the Company or the Group (treasury
  shares) are recognized directly in equity at cost. No gain or loss is recognized in the statement of profit or
  loss on the purchase, sale, issue or cancellation of the Group’s own equity instruments.

  Inventories

       Inventories are stated at the lower of cost and net realizable value. Cost is determined on the
  weighted average basis. Net realizable value is based on estimated selling prices less any estimated costs
  to be incurred to completion and disposal.

  Cash and cash equivalents

       For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, cash and cash equivalents comprise
  cash on hand and demand deposits, and short term highly liquid investments that are readily convertible
  into known amounts of cash, are subject to an insignificant risk of changes in value, and have a short
  maturity of generally within three months when acquired, less bank overdrafts which are repayable on
  demand and form an integral part of the Group’s cash management.

       For the purpose of the consolidated statement of financial position, cash and cash equivalents
  comprise cash on hand and at banks, including term deposits, and assets similar in nature to cash, which
  are not restricted as to use.

  Income tax

       Income tax comprises current and deferred tax. Income tax relating to items recognized outside profit
  or loss is recognized outside profit or loss, either in other comprehensive income or directly in equity.

       Current tax assets and liabilities are measured at the amount expected to be recovered from or paid
  to the taxation authorities, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have been enacted or substantively
  enacted by the end of the reporting period, taking into consideration interpretations and practices
  prevailing in the countries in which the Group operates.




                                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   129
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Income tax (Continued)

            Deferred tax is provided, using the liability method, on all temporary differences at the end of the
      reporting period between the tax bases of assets and liabilities and their carrying amounts for financial
      reporting purposes.

            Deferred tax liabilities are recognized for all taxable temporary differences, except:

            •      when the deferred tax liability arises from the initial recognition of goodwill or an asset or liability
                   in a transaction that is not a business combination and, at the time of the transaction, affects
                   neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or loss; and

            •      in respect of taxable temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries,
                   associates and joint ventures, when the timing of the reversal of the temporary differences can
                   be controlled and it is probable that the temporary differences will not reverse in the
                   foreseeable future.

            Deferred tax assets are recognized for all deductible temporary differences, and the carryforward of
      unused tax credits and any unused tax losses. Deferred tax assets are recognized to the extent that it is
      probable that taxable profit will be available against which the deductible temporary differences, and the
      carryforward of unused tax credits and unused tax losses can be utilized, except:

            •      when the deferred tax asset relating to the deductible temporary differences arises from the
                   initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination
                   and, at the time of the transaction, affects neither the accounting profit nor taxable profit or
                   loss; and

            •      in respect of deductible temporary differences associated with investments in subsidiaries,
                   associates and joint ventures, deferred tax assets are only recognized to the extent that it is
                   probable that the temporary differences will reverse in the foreseeable future and taxable profit
                   will be available against which the temporary differences can be utilized.

            The carrying amount of deferred tax assets is reviewed at the end of each reporting period and
      reduced to the extent that it is no longer probable that sufficient taxable profit will be available to allow
      all or part of the deferred tax asset to be utilized. Unrecognized deferred tax assets are reassessed at the
      end of each reporting period and are recognized to the extent that it has become probable that sufficient
      taxable profit will be available to allow all or part of the deferred tax asset to be recovered.




130   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2023

2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  Income tax (Continued)

       Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured at the tax rates that are expected to apply to the
  period when the asset is realized or the liability is settled, based on tax rates (and tax laws) that have
  been enacted or substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period.

       Deferred tax assets and deferred tax liabilities are offset if and only if the Group has a legally
  enforceable right to set off current tax assets and current tax liabilities and the deferred tax assets and
  deferred tax liabilities relate to income taxes levied by the same taxation authority on either the same
  taxable entity or different taxable entities which intend either to settle current tax liabilities and assets on
  a net basis, or to realize the assets and settle the liabilities simultaneously, in each future period in which
  significant amounts of deferred tax liabilities or assets are expected to be settled or recovered.

  Government grants

       Government grants are recognized at their fair value where there is reasonable assurance that the
  grant will be received and all attaching conditions will be complied with. When the grant relates to an
  expense item, it is recognized as income on a systematic basis over the periods that the costs, for which it
  is intended to compensate, are expensed.

  Revenue recognition

  Revenue from contracts with customers

       Revenue from contracts with customers is recognized when control of goods or services is
  transferred to the customers at an amount that reflects the consideration to which the Group expects to be
  entitled in exchange for those goods or services.

       When the consideration in a contract includes a variable amount, the amount of consideration is
  estimated to which the Group will be entitled in exchange for transferring the goods or services to the
  customer. The variable consideration is estimated at contract inception and constrained until it is highly
  probable that a significant revenue reversal in the amount of cumulative revenue recognized will not occur
  when the associated uncertainty with the variable consideration is subsequently resolved.

       The Group reports revenue on a gross or net basis depending on whether the Group is acting as a
  principal or an agent in a transaction. The Group is a principal if it controls the specified product or
  service before that product or service is transferred to a customer or it has a right to direct others to
  provide the product or service to the customer on the Group’s behalf. Indicators that the Group is a
  principal include, but are not limited to, whether the Group (i) is primarily responsible for fulfilling the
  promise to provide the specified good or service; (ii) has inventory risk before the specified good or
  service has been transferred to a customer or after transfer of control to the customer and (iii) has
  discretion in establishing the price for the specified good or service, etc.




                                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   131
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Revenue recognition (Continued)

      Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

            When the contract contains a financing component which provides the customer with a significant
      benefit of financing the transfer of goods or services to the customer for more than one year, revenue is
      measured at the present value of the amount receivable, discounted using the discount rate that would be
      reflected in a separate financing transaction between the Group and the customer at contract inception.
      When the contract contains a financing component which provides the Group with a significant financial
      benefit for more than one year, revenue recognized under the contract includes the interest expense
      accreted on the contract liability under the effective interest method. For a contract where the period
      between the payment by the customer and the transfer of the promised goods or services is one year or
      less, the transaction price is not adjusted for the effects of a significant financing component, using the
      practical expedient in HKFRS 15.

      (a)   Revenues from the pharmaceutical direct sales business:

            Sale of pharmaceutical and healthcare products

                   The Group is engaged in the sale of pharmaceutical and healthcare products to individual
            customers (“business-to-customer” or “B2C”) through its online stores on Tmall.com (“Tmall”) and
            its offline pharmacy outlets, and to merchant customers (“business-to-business”, or “B2B”). Revenue
            from the sale of pharmaceutical and healthcare products is recorded net of discounts and
            recognized when the goods are delivered to individual customers, either by third party couriers or at
            the offline outlets, or to merchant customers by third party couriers. For contracts which provide a
            customer with a right to return the goods within a specified period, the expected value method is
            used to estimate the goods that will not be returned because this method best predicts the amount
            of variable consideration to which the Group will be entitled. The requirements in HKFRS 15 on
            constraining estimates of variable consideration are applied in order to determine the amount of
            variable consideration that can be included in the transaction price.

            Marketing services

                   The Group provides marketing services to pharmaceutical brands primarily through display of
            impressions or clicks of the pharmaceutical brands’ advertisements on various online platforms and
            mobile apps. The fee from pharmaceutical brands is charged primarily during the period over which
            the marketing services are provided.




132   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2023

2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  Revenue recognition (Continued)

  Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

  (b)   Revenues from the pharmaceutical E-commerce platform business:

        Outsourced and value-added services to Tmall Entities

             The Group provides outsourced and value-added services to Tmall Entities*, in relation to
        certain categories of products or services sold or provided on Tmall. The outsourced and value-
        added services include business development for merchants, customer services on behalf of
        merchants, marketing event planning for merchants and technical support and assistance to the
        Tmall Entities’ business team. Revenue from the outsourced and value-added services is determined
        as a percentage of the fees paid by merchants to the Tmall Entities in respect of the transaction
        amount of completed sales of products or services under certain categories on Tmall and recognized
        when services are rendered and the underlying transactions of merchants are completed.

        E-commerce platform services

             The Group provides to merchants on the Tmall e-commerce platform maintenance related
        software services in respect of merchant admission, product quality control, and merchant
        operational and maintenance support, and earns commissions from merchants generally at 3% of
        the transaction amounts of merchandise being sold on Tmall by merchants. Revenue of the
        commissions is recognized at the time when the underlying sale of merchandise by merchants on
        Tmall is completed.

        * Zhejiang Tmall Network Co., Ltd. (浙江天貓網絡有限公司) and Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd. (浙江天貓技術有限公司)


  (c)   Revenues from the healthcare and digital services business

        The Group provides a variety of standardized service packages that integrate services provided by
  various medical and healthcare organizations to meet the health-related needs of the users, such as
  health check-ups, genetic testing and vaccine inoculation. The Group principally generates revenue from
  selling the standardized service packages to individual customers or corporate customers. Different types
  of service packages provide the customers with a specific number of times of services for each service
  offered in the package. Revenue is recognized upon the individual service is rendered to customers.




                                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   133
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Revenue recognition (Continued)

      Revenue from contracts with customers (Continued)

      (c)   Revenues from the healthcare and digital services business (Continued)

            The Group, through its online stores on Tmall and mobile apps, facilitates the provision of services
      by medical and healthcare service organizations to end customers. The Group provides to medical and
      healthcare service organizations with e-commerce platform maintenance related software services,
      customer consultation, reservation and other value-added services and charges a service fee at a
      percentage of the amount of the transaction entered into by the medical and healthcare service providers
      and their customers, or at a fixed price per reservation through the Group’s online stores. The revenue is
      recognized at the time when the underlying transaction is completed by the medical and healthcare
      service provider through Tmall.

            The Group also provides marketing services to medical and healthcare service organizations
      primarily through display of impressions or clicks of the advertisement in particular areas of web pages or
      mobile apps. The fee from medical and healthcare service organizations is charged primarily during the
      period over which the marketing services are provided.

            The Group also provides multi-faceted, multi-level, professional and convenient health consultation
      services to users through their engaged professionals, such as medical practitioners, pharmacists and
      nutritionists. The Group charges a fixed consultation fee to the user and recognizes revenue at the time
      when the service is rendered to the user.

            The Group also provides integrated online and offline services by building an Internet hospital to
      provide effective communication between doctors and patients. Customers can directly consult with
      doctors on the platform and receive pharmaceutical products, which will be directly delivered to patients
      by self-operated pharmacies or qualified third-party institutions. The revenue is recognized when the
      goods are received.

            The Group also renders series of services to the customers through its product tracking platforms,
      including product track and trace and the digital healthcare business. Revenue is recognized over the
      period when the underlying services are provided.




134   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2023

2.4 SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

  Revenue recognition (continued)

  Other income

       Interest income is recognized on an accrual basis using the effective interest method by applying the
  rate that exactly discounts the estimated future cash receipts over the expected life of the financial
  instrument or a shorter period, when appropriate, to the net carrying amount of the financial asset.

       Dividend income is recognized when the shareholders’ right to receive payment has been
  established, it is probable that the economic benefits associated with the dividend will flow to the Group
  and the amount of the dividend can be measured reliably.

  Contract liabilities

       A contract liability is recognized when a payment is received or a payment is due (whichever is
  earlier) from a customer before the Group transfers the related goods or services. Contract liabilities are
  recognized as revenue when the Group performs under the contract (i.e., transfers control of the related
  goods or services to the customer).

  Costs of services

       Costs of services comprise labor, other costs of personnel directly engaged in providing the services
  and attributable overhead costs for technical support and other direct costs of services purchased.

  Fulfilment

       Fulfilment primarily consists of those costs incurred in warehousing, logistics, operation and
  customer services, which are associated with the Group’s online direct sales business.

  Finance costs

       Finance costs are interest on lease liabilities of the Group.

  Share-based payments

       The Company operates a share award scheme for the purpose of providing incentives and rewards
  to eligible participants who contribute to the success of the Group’s operations. Employees (including
  directors) of the Group receive remuneration in the form of share-based payments, whereby employees
  render services in exchange for equity instruments (“equity-settled transactions”). During the year ended
  March 31, 2023, certain employees of Alibaba Group transferred to the Company restricted share units
  (“RSUs”) granted by Alibaba Group to these employees were not forfeited after to the transfer. The
  Company has the obligation to settle all RSUs vested during these employees’ service period in the
  Company, and measures the transaction as cash-settled share-based payments (“cash-settled
  transactions”).



                                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   135
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

2.4	S UMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Share-based payments (Continued)

            The cost of equity-settled transactions with employees for grants after 7 November 2002 is measured
      by reference to the fair value at the date at which they are granted. The fair value is determined by an
      external valuer using a binomial model, further details of which are given in note 29 to the financial
      statements.

            The cost of equity-settled transactions is recognized in employee benefit expense, together with a
      corresponding increase in equity, over the period in which the performance and/or service conditions are
      fulfilled. The cumulative expense recognized for equity-settled transactions at the end of each reporting
      period until the vesting date reflects the extent to which the vesting period has expired and the Group’s
      best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. The charge or credit to the
      statement of profit or loss for a period represents the movement in the cumulative expense recognized as
      at the beginning and end of that period.

            Service and non-market performance conditions are not taken into account when determining the
      grant date fair value of awards, but the likelihood of the conditions being met is assessed as part of the
      Group’s best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will ultimately vest. Market performance
      conditions are reflected within the grant date fair value. Any other conditions attached to an award, but
      without an associated service requirement, are considered to be non-vesting conditions. Non-vesting
      conditions are reflected in the fair value of an award and lead to an immediate expensing of an award
      unless there are also service and/or performance conditions.

            For awards that do not ultimately vest because non-market performance and/or service conditions
      have not been met, no expense is recognized. Where awards include a market or non-vesting condition,
      the transactions are treated as vesting irrespective of whether the market or non-vesting condition is
      satisfied, provided that all other performance and/or service conditions are satisfied.

            Where the terms of an equity-settled award are modified, as a minimum an expense is recognized
      as if the terms had not been modified, if the original terms of the award are met. In addition, an expense
      is recognized for any modification that increases the total fair value of the share-based payments, or is
      otherwise beneficial to the employee as measured at the date of modification.

            Where an equity-settled award is cancelled, it is treated as if it had vested on the date of
      cancellation, and any expense not yet recognized for the award is recognized immediately. This includes
      any award where non-vesting conditions within the control of either the Group or the employee are not
      met. However, if a new award is substituted for the cancelled award, and is designated as a replacement
      award on the date that it is granted, the cancelled and new awards are treated as if they were a
      modification of the original award, as described in the previous paragraph.




136   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2023

2.4	S UMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

   Share-based payments (Continued)

        The dilutive effect of outstanding options is reflected as additional share dilution in the computation
   of earnings per share.

        For cash-settled transactions, the fair value is expensed over the period until the vesting date with
   recognition of a corresponding liability. The cost of cash-settled transactions is recognized in employee
   benefit expense, together with a corresponding increase in liability, over the period in which the
   performance and/or service conditions are fulfilled. The cumulative expense recognized for cash-settled
   transactions at the end of each reporting period until the vesting date reflects the extent to which the
   vesting period has expired and the Group’s best estimate of the number of equity instruments that will
   ultimately vest. The charge or credit to the statement of profit or loss for a period represents the
   movement in the cumulative expense recognized as at the beginning and end of that period.

   Other employee benefits

  Pension schemes

        The Group operates a defined contribution Mandatory Provident Fund retirement benefit scheme (the
   “MPF Scheme”) under the Mandatory Provident Fund Schemes Ordinance for those eligible Hong Kong
   employees. Contributions are made based on a percentage of the employees’ basic salaries and are
   charged to the statement of profit or loss as they become payable in accordance with the rules of the MPF
   Scheme. The assets of the MPF Scheme are held separately from those of the Group in an independently
   administered fund. The Group’s employer contributions vest fully with the employees when contributed
   into the MPF Scheme.

        Full-time employees of the Group’s subsidiaries which operate in Mainland China are required to
   participate in a defined contribution scheme operated by the local municipal government. These
   subsidiaries are required to contribute a certain percentage of their payroll costs to the defined
   contribution scheme which includes pension, medical care, unemployment insurance, employee housing
   fund and other welfare. The contributions are charged to the statement of profit or loss as they become
   payable in accordance with the rules of the defined contribution scheme. The Group has no legal
   obligation for the benefits beyond the contributions made.




                                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   137
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

2.4	S UMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

      Borrowing costs

            Borrowing costs directly attributable to the acquisition, construction or production of qualifying
      assets, i.e., assets that necessarily take a substantial period of time to get ready for their intended use or
      sale, are capitalized as part of the cost of those assets. The capitalization of such borrowing costs ceases
      when the assets are substantially ready for their intended use or sale. Investment income earned on the
      temporary investment of specific borrowings pending their expenditure on qualifying assets is deducted
      from the borrowing costs capitalized. All other borrowing costs are expensed in the period in which they
      are incurred. Borrowing costs consist of interest and other costs that an entity incurs in connection with
      the borrowing of funds.

      Dividends

            Final dividends are recognized as a liability when they are approved by the shareholders in a
      general meeting. Proposed final dividends are disclosed in the notes to the financial statements.

            Interim dividends are simultaneously proposed and declared, because the Company’s memorandum
      and articles of association grant the directors the authority to declare interim dividends. Consequently,
      interim dividends are recognized immediately as a liability when they are proposed and declared.

      Foreign currencies

            The Company’s functional currency is HK$, while these financial statements are presented in RMB.
      Each entity in the Group determines its own functional currency and items included in the financial
      statements of each entity are measured using that functional currency. Foreign currency transactions
      recorded by the entities in the Group are initially recorded using their respective functional currency rates
      prevailing at the dates of the transactions. Monetary assets and liabilities denominated in foreign
      currencies are translated at the functional currency rates of exchange ruling at the end of the reporting
      period. Differences arising on settlement or translation of monetary items are recognized in the statement
      of profit or loss.

            Non-monetary items that are measured in terms of historical cost in a foreign currency are
      translated using the exchange rates at the dates of the initial transactions. Non-monetary items measured
      at fair value in a foreign currency are translated using the exchange rates at the date when the fair value
      was measured. The gain or loss arising on translation of a non-monetary item measured at fair value is
      treated in line with the recognition of the gain or loss on change in fair value of the item (i.e., translation
      difference on the item whose fair value gain or loss is recognized in other comprehensive income or profit
      or loss is also recognized in other comprehensive income or profit or loss, respectively).




138   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                               March 31, 2023

2.4	S UMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (CONTINUED)

   Foreign currencies (Continued)

           In determining the exchange rate on initial recognition of the related asset, expense or income on
   the derecognition of a non-monetary asset or non-monetary liability relating to an advance consideration,
   the date of initial transaction is the date on which the Group initially recognizes the non-monetary asset
   or non-monetary liability arising from the advance consideration. If there are multiple payments or
   receipts in advance, the Group determines the transaction date for each payment or receipt of the
   advance consideration.

           The functional currencies of certain overseas subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates are
   currencies other than the RMB. As at the end of the reporting period, the assets and liabilities of these
   entities are translated into RMB at the exchange rates prevailing at the end of the reporting period and
   their statements of profit or loss are translated into RMB at the weighted average exchange rates for the
   year.

           The resulting exchange differences are recognized in other comprehensive income and accumulated
   in the exchange fluctuation reserve. On disposal of a foreign operation, the component of other
   comprehensive income relating to that particular foreign operation is recognized in the statement of profit
   or loss.

           Any goodwill arising on the acquisition of a foreign operation and any fair value adjustments to the
   carrying amounts of assets and liabilities arising on acquisition are treated as assets and liabilities of the
   foreign operation and translated at the closing rate.

           For the purpose of the consolidated statement of cash flows, the cash flows of overseas subsidiaries
   are translated into RMB at the exchange rates ruling at the dates of the cash flows. Frequently recurring
   cash flows of overseas subsidiaries which arise throughout the year are translated into RMB at the
   weighted average exchange rates for the year.




                                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   139
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

3. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES

      The preparation of the Group’s financial statements requires management to make judgements, estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities, and their
accompanying disclosures, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities. Uncertainty about these assumptions and
estimates could result in outcomes that could require a material adjustment to the carrying amounts of the
assets or liabilities affected in the future.

      Judgements

            In the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies, management has made the following
      judgements, apart from those involving estimations, which have the most significant effect on the
      amounts recognized in the financial statements:

            Accounting for companies governed under contractual arrangements as subsidiaries

                   The Company and some of its subsidiaries do not hold any equity interests in certain of their
            subsidiaries. Nevertheless, under the contractual agreements entered into between the Group and
            the shareholders who are the registered owners of those subsidiaries, the directors of the Company
            determine that the Group has the power to govern the financial and operating policies of those
            subsidiaries so as to obtain benefits from their activities. As such, those subsidiaries are accounted
            for as subsidiaries of the Group for accounting purposes.

            Principal versus agent considerations

                   In determining whether the Group is acting as a principal or as an agent in the sales of goods
            and provision of services, requires judgement and consideration of all relevant facts and
            circumstances. In evaluation of the Group acting as a principal or an agent, the Group considers
            whether it obtains control of the good or service before that good or service is transferred to a
            customer, including whether the Group is primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide
            the specified good or service, has inventory risk before the specified good or service has been
            transferred to a customer or after transfer of control to the customer (for example, if the customer
            has a right of return), has discretion in establishing the price for the specified good or service.




140   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                 March 31, 2023

3.	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)

  Estimation uncertainty

           The key assumptions concerning the future and other key sources of estimation uncertainty at the
  end of the reporting period, that have a significant risk of causing a material adjustment to the carrying
  amounts of assets and liabilities within the next financial year, are described below.

  Impairment of goodwill

           The Group determines whether goodwill is impaired at least on an annual basis. This requires an
  estimation of the value in use of the CGUs to which the goodwill is allocated. Estimating the value in use
  requires the Group to make an estimate of the expected future cash flows from the CGUs and also to
  choose a suitable discount rate in order to calculate the present value of those cash flows. The carrying
  amount of goodwill at March 31, 2023 was RMB810,853,000 (2022: RMB810,853,000). Further details are
  given in note 14.

  Provision for expected credit losses on trade receivables

           The Group uses a provision matrix to calculate ECLs for trade receivables. The provision rates are
  based on ageing for groupings of various customers that have similar loss patterns (i.e., by customer
  type).

           The provision matrix is initially based on the Group’s historical observed default rates. The Group will
  calibrate the matrix to adjust the historical credit loss experience with forward-looking information. For
  instance, if forecast economic conditions (i.e., gross domestic product) are expected to deteriorate over the
  next year which can lead to an increased number of defaults in the pharmaceutical and healthcare
  businesses, the historical default rates are adjusted. At each reporting date, the historical observed
  default rates are updated and changes in the forward-looking estimates are analyzed.

           The assessment of the correlation among historical observed default rates, forecast economic
  conditions and ECLs is a significant estimate. The amount of ECLs is sensitive to changes in circumstances
  and forecast economic conditions. The Group’s historical credit loss experience and forecast of economic
  conditions may also not be representative of a customer’s actual default in the future. The information
  about the ECLs on the Group’s trade receivables is disclosed in note 19 to the financial statements.




                                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   141
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

3.	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)

      Estimation uncertainty (continued)

      Fair value of financial instruments at FVPL or FVOCI

            The investments in unlisted equity investments have been valued based on a market-based
      valuation technique as detailed in note 35 to the financial statements. The valuation requires the Group to
      determine the comparable public companies (peers) and select the price multiple. In addition, the Group
      makes estimates about the discount for illiquidity. The Group classifies the fair value of these investments
      as Level 3. The fair value of the unlisted equity investments at March 31, 2023 was RMB2,005,354,000
      (2022: RMB1,795,133,000). Further details are included in notes 22 and 23 to the financial statements.

            Part of purchase considerations of acquisitions of the Group was regarded as contingent
      consideration and recognized as financial liabilities at fair value and remeasured at the end of the
      reporting period. Determination of fair value requires management’s judgement and estimates and is
      based on assumptions. The fair value of the contingent consideration included in other payables and
      accruals is determined using the discounted cash flow method. In arriving at the assessed values, the
      Group was required to make financial forecast, and determine discount rate. The Group classifies the fair
      value of this financial liability as Level 3. The carrying amount of contingent consideration at March 31,
      2023 was RMB65,292,000 (2022: RMB106,431,000). Further details, including the key assumptions used for
      fair value measurement, is given in notes 35 to the financial statements.

      Deferred tax assets

            Deferred tax assets are recognized for unused tax losses to the extent that it is probable that taxable
      profit will be available against which the losses can be utilized. Significant management judgement is
      required to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that can be recognized, based upon the likely
      timing and level of future taxable profits together with future tax planning strategies.

      Impairment of inventories

            Management reviews the ageing and expiry dates of inventories of the Group at the end of each
      reporting period, and makes provision or write-off on obsolete and slow-moving inventory items identified
      that are no longer suitable for sale. Management estimates the net realizable value for such inventories
      based primarily on the available selling prices, estimated costs to be incurred to sale and current market
      conditions. If the market condition was to deteriorate so that the actual provision might be higher than
      expected, the Group would be required to revise the basis of making the provision and its future results
      would be affected.




142   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2023

3.	SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING JUDGEMENTS AND ESTIMATES
    (CONTINUED)

  Estimation uncertainty (continued)

  Impairment of investments in associates

       The Group assesses whether there are any indicators of impairment for investments in associates at
  the end of each reporting period. Investments in associates are tested for impairment when there are
  indicators that the carrying amounts may not be recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying
  amount of an investment in an associate exceeds its recoverable amount, which is the higher of its fair
  value less costs of disposal and its value in use. The Group elects to calculate the recoverable amounts
  using fair value less costs of disposal. The fair value is developed through the application of the income
  approach technique known as the discounted cash flow method, management must estimate the
  expected future cash flows from the investment in an associate and choose a suitable discount rate in
  order to calculate the present value of those cash flows.

  Leases — estimating the incremental borrowing rate

       The Group cannot readily determine the interest rate implicit in a lease, and therefore, it uses an
  incremental borrowing rate (“IBR”) to measure lease liabilities. The IBR is the rate of interest that the
  Group would have to pay to borrow over a similar term, and with a similar security, the funds necessary
  to obtain an asset of a similar value to the right-of-use asset in a similar economic environment. The IBR
  therefore reflects what the Group “would have to pay”, which requires estimation when no observable
  rates are available (such as for subsidiaries that do not enter into financing transactions) or when it needs
  to be adjusted to reflect the terms and conditions of the lease (for example, when leases are not in the
  subsidiary’s functional currency). The Group estimates the IBR using observable inputs (such as market
  interest rates) when available and is required to make certain entity-specific estimates (such as the
  subsidiary’s stand-alone credit rating).

  Measurement of share-based compensation expenses

       The Company has adopted a share award scheme. Share-based compensation expenses are
  recorded net of estimated forfeitures in the consolidated statement of profit or loss and are recorded for
  those share-based awards that are expected to vest. Determining the fair value of share options requires
  significant judgement. The Company estimates the fair value of its share options using the binomial
  model, which requires the Group to make estimates about inputs, such as expected volatility, the expected
  dividend yield, exercise multiple, risk-free interest rate and the expected forfeiture rate, and hence it is
  subject to uncertainty.




                                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   143
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

4. OPERATING SEGMENT INFORMATION

      The Group is primarily engaged in the pharmaceutical direct sales business, pharmaceutical e-commerce
platform business and healthcare and digital services business. Given that the chief operating decision maker of
the Company considers that the Group’s business is operated and managed as a single segment of distribution
and development of pharmaceutical and healthcare business, no further segment information is presented.

      Geographical information

            As at March 31, 2023, over 95% (2022: 95%) of the Group’s revenue from external customers and
      non-current assets other than financial instruments and deferred tax assets attributed to Mainland China
      as determined based on the locations of customers and assets, respectively.

      Information about a major customer

            During the year ended March 31, 2023, there was no revenue derived from transactions with a single
      external customer which amounted to 10% or more of the Group’s revenue (2022: Nil).


5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS

      An analysis of revenue from contracts with customers is as follows:

                                                                                         2023              2022
                                                                                     RMB’000           RMB’000


      Pharmaceutical direct sales business                                          23,591,577       17,911,088
      Pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business                                    2,237,953        2,025,855
      Healthcare and digital services business                                        933,486           640,673


                                                                                    26,763,016       20,577,616


      Considering the continuous evolution of Xiaolu traditional Chinese medicine e-commerce platform
business and the strategic deployment of management in cosmetic medicine and other non-pharmaceutical
services, Tmall pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business and Xiaolu traditional Chinese medicine
e-commerce platform business (previously under healthcare and digital services business) were integrated into
pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business, while cosmetic medicine and other non-pharmaceutical services
(previously under pharmaceutical e-commerce platform business) were included in healthcare and digital
services business to better reflect the Group’s current business and revenue streams, and the corresponding
comparative amounts have been reclassified and restated to conform with the current year’s presentation.




144   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2023

5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (CONTINUED)

  (i)   Disaggregated revenue information

                                                                                                 2023                      2022
                                                                                           RMB’000                  RMB’000


        Type of goods or services:
          Sale of products                                                              22,578,076               17,128,890
          Provision of services                                                           4,184,940                3,448,726


                                                                                        26,763,016               20,577,616


        Timing of revenue recognition:
          At a point in time                                                            25,036,819               19,263,318
          Over time                                                                       1,726,197                1,314,298


                                                                                        26,763,016               20,577,616


        The following table shows the amounts of revenue recognized in the reporting period that were
  included in the contract liabilities at the beginning of the reporting period:

                                                                                                 2023                      2022
                                                                                           RMB’000                  RMB’000


        Sale of products                                                                        3,985                      3,815
        Provision of services                                                                256,693                 182,703


                                                                                             260,678                 186,518




                                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report    145
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (CONTINUED)

      (ii)   Performance obligations

             Information about the Group’s performance obligations is summarized below:

             Sale of products

                   The performance obligation is satisfied upon delivery of the pharmaceutical and healthcare
             products. For B2C pharmacy sales, payment is received from the payment platform, i.e. Alipay.com
             Co., Ltd. (支付寶（中國）網絡技術有限公司) (“Alipay”), when the receipt of goods is confirmed by
             customers or by the payment platform automatically within a pre-specified period of time after
             delivery. For B2B pharmacy sales, payment is generally due within 30 to 90 days, except for new
             customers, where payment in advance is normally required. Some contracts provide customers with
             a right of return which gives rise to variable consideration subject to constraint.

             Provision of services

                   The performance obligation is satisfied over time or at a point in time as marketing services,
             outsourced and value-added services, E-commerce platform services and healthcare and digital
             services are rendered to Tmall Entities. Payment is generally received upon the completion of the
             underlying transactions, prior to the provision of services on a full prepayment basis, or due within
             30 to 90 days.

                   The Group has elected the practical expedient for not to disclose the remaining performance
             obligations because the performance obligations are part of contracts with original expected
             duration of one year or less (2022: one year or less).




146   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                             NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                          March 31, 2023

5. REVENUE, OTHER INCOME AND GAINS (CONTINUED)

                                                                                                             2023                      2022
                                                                                                       RMB’000                  RMB’000


  Other income
  Bank interest income                                                                                   330,442                 209,664
  Government grants#                                                                                      83,033                   75,637
  Management fee income                                                                                     9,452                  20,674
  Other interest income                                                                                     1,146                       174
  Technical services income                                                                                      —                     4,000
  Dividend income                                                                                                —                     3,741
  Others                                                                                                    6,681                      2,231


                                                                                                         430,754                 316,121


  Gains
  Foreign exchange differences, net                                                                       72,064                   39,701
  Fair value gains on financial assets at fair value through profit or loss                               47,917                 162,062
  Gain on deemed disposal of interests in associates                                                      41,474                 381,392
  Gain on partial disposal of interests in an associate                                                   22,847                          —
  Gain on recognition of net investments in subleases                                                       2,649                         —
  Covid–19-related rent concessions from lessors                                                              299                        76
  Gain on disposal of property and equipment                                                                    65                      142


                                                                                                         187,315                 583,373


  Total                                                                                                  618,069                 899,494


  #
          Government grants mainly represented incentives received for investments in certain regions in Mainland China in which the
          Company’s subsidiaries operate as well as additional value-added tax deductibles and other tax benefits.




                                                                  ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report    147
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

6. PROFIT/(LOSS) BEFORE TAX

      The Group’s profit/(loss) before tax is arrived at after charging:

                                                                                                                  2023                   2022
                                                                                         Notes                 RMB’000              RMB’000


      Cost of goods sold*                                                                                18,814,630              14,645,711
      Cost of services provided* (excluding employee benefit
           expenses)                                                                                       2,031,341               1,723,443
      Depreciation of property and equipment                                               12                    9,514                  9,978
      Depreciation of right-of-use assets                                                13(a)                  36,692                38,693
      Amortization of intangible assets                                                    15                   17,513                11,905
      Lease payments not included in the measurement of
           lease liabilities                                                             13(c)                   1,126                    878
      Impairment loses of financial assets**
           Impairment of trade receivables                                                 19                    1,824                    132
           Impairment of other receivables                                                 20                   11,518                       —


                                                                                                                13,342                    132


      Impairment of inventories*                                                                               159,591                48,328
      Impairment of investment of a joint venture**                                        16                        —                  1,357
      Fair value loss on contingent consideration included in other
           payables and accruals**                                                                              19,811                  2,782
      Loss on revision of lease terms arising from changes in the
           non-cancellable periods of leases**                                           13(c)                   3,167                       —
      Loss on deregistration of subsidiaries**                                                                   1,308                       —
      Auditor’s remuneration                                                                                     3,980                  3,470
      Employee benefit expense (including directors’ and
           chief executive’s remuneration)
           Wages and salaries                                                                                  658,918               677,005
           Bonuses                                                                                             202,085               166,970
           Pension scheme contributions#                                                                        53,151                51,171
           Share-based compensation expenses                                               29                  308,890               408,098


                                                                                                           1,223,044               1,303,244


      *       These items are included in “Cost of revenue” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


      **      These items are included in “Other expenses and losses” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.


      #
              There are no forfeited contributions that may be used by the Group as the employer to reduce the existing level of contributions.




148   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                March 31, 2023

7.   DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION
      Directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration for the year, disclosed pursuant to the Rules Governing the
Listing of Securities on The Stock Exchange (the “Listing Rules”), section 383(1)(a), (b), (c) and (f) of the Hong
Kong Companies Ordinance and Part 2 of the Companies (Disclosure of Information about Benefits of Directors)
Regulation, is as follows:

                                                                                                2023                     2022
                                                                                             RMB’000                  RMB’000


     Fees                                                                                         1,269                      1,197


     Other emoluments:
     Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                   4,753                    4,645
     Performance related bonuses                                                                 5,093                    4,550
     Share-based compensation expenses                                                          10,966                   16,901
     Pension scheme contributions                                                                  162                      143


                                                                                                20,974                   26,239


                                                                                                22,243                   27,436


      During the year ended March 31, 2023, three directors (2022: three) of the Company were granted share
options and RSUs, in respect of their services to the Group, under the share award scheme of the Company,
further details of which are set out in note 29 to the financial statements. The fair values of such options and
RSUs, which have been recognized in the consolidated statement of profit or loss over the vesting period, were
determined as at the date of grant and the amounts included in the financial statements for the current and
prior years are included in the above directors’ and chief executive’s remuneration disclosures.

     (a)    Independent non-executive directors

            The fees paid to independent non-executive directors during the year were as follows:

                                                                                                2023                     2022
                                                                                             RMB’000                  RMB’000


            Mr. Wong King On, Samuel                                                                609                       575
            Mr. Luo Tong                                                                            330                       311
            Ms. Huang Yi Fei                                                                        330                       311


                                                                                                  1,269                      1,197


          There were no other emoluments payable to the independent non-executive directors during the year
     (2022: Nil).



                                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report    149
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

7.    DIRECTORS’ AND CHIEF EXECUTIVE’S REMUNERATION (CONTINUED)

      (b)   Executive directors and non-executive directors

                                                             Salaries,
                                                          allowances       Performance     Share-based        Pension
                                                         and benefits           related   compensation         scheme           Total
                                               Fees           in kind          bonuses        expenses   contributions   remuneration
                                            RMB’000          RMB’000           RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000


            2023
            Executive directors:
               Mr. Zhu Shunyan#                    —             2,175           2,668           6,422             60          11,325
               Mr. Shen Difan                      —             1,475           1,715           3,178             38           6,406
               Mr. Tu Yanwu                        —             1,103             710           1,366             64           3,243


                                                   —             4,753           5,093          10,966            162          20,974


            Non-executive
               directors:
               Mr. Li Faguang                      —                 —               —              —               —              —


                                                   —                 —               —              —               —              —



            2022
            Executive directors:
               Mr. Zhu Shunyan#                    —             2,148            3,168         11,203             53          16,572
               Mr. Shen Difan                      —             1,453              915          4,019             32           6,419
               Mr. Tu Yanwu                        —             1,044              467          1,679             58           3,248


                                                   —             4,645            4,550         16,901            143          26,239


            Non-executive
               directors:
               Mr. Li Faguang                      —                 —               —              —               —              —


                                                   —                 —               —              —               —              —


            #
                   Mr. Zhu Shun Yan is the chief executive of the Group.


                   During the year ended March 31, 2023, there was no (2022: no) arrangement under which a
            director waived or agreed to waive any remuneration and no remuneration was paid by the Group
            to a director as an inducement to join or upon joining the Group or as compensation for loss of
            office.




150   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                               March 31, 2023

8. FIVE HIGHEST PAID EMPLOYEES

     The five highest paid employees during the year included two (2022: three) directors, details of whose
remuneration are set out in note 7 above. Details of the remuneration for the year of the remaining three
(2022: two) non-directors, highest paid employees who are neither a director nor chief executive of the
Company are as follows:

                                                                                                  2023                      2022
                                                                                            RMB’000                  RMB’000


     Salaries, allowances and benefits in kind                                                   4,223                      5,094
     Performance related bonuses                                                                 2,502                      2,324
     Share-based compensation expenses                                                           8,232                  10,948
     Pension scheme contributions                                                                  180                       174


                                                                                               15,137                   18,540


     The number of non-director, highest paid employees whose remuneration fell within the following bands
is as follows:

                                                                                           Number of employees


     HK$4,000,001 to HK$4,500,000                                                                     —                        1
     HK$4,500,001 to HK$5,000,000                                                                      1                       —
     HK$6,000,001 to HK$6,500,000                                                                      1                       —
     HK$6,500,001 to HK$7,000,000                                                                     —                        1
     HK$7,000,001 to HK$7,500,000                                                                      1                       —


                                                                                                       3                       2


     During the years ended March 31, 2023 and March 31, 2022, share options and RSUs were granted to
non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees in respect of their services to the Group, further
details of which are included in the disclosures in note 29 to the financial statements. The fair values of such
options and RSUs, which have been recognized in the statement of profit or loss over the vesting period, were
determined as at the date of grant and the amounts included in the financial statements for the current and
prior years are included in the above non-director and non-chief executive highest paid employees’
remuneration disclosures.




                                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report    151
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

9. INCOME TAX

                                                                                          2023              2022
                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000


      Current — Hong Kong
         Charge for the year                                                                704              118
         Underprovision in prior years                                                       65                —
      Current — Mainland China
         Charge for the year                                                            29,225            34,406
         Underprovision in prior years                                                    1,201                —
      Deferred (note 27)                                                                (14,464)          (21,097)


      Total tax charge for the year                                                     16,731            13,427


      Hong Kong profits tax has been provided at the rate of 16.5% (2022: 16.5%) on the estimated assessable
profits arising in Hong Kong during the year.

      In Mainland China, the companies are subject to the PRC corporate income tax rate of 25%, except for two
(2022: two) PRC subsidiaries which are entitled to a preferential tax rate of 15% because they are accredited as
High and New Technology Enterprises.

      No tax attributable to joint ventures was included in “Share of profits or losses of joint ventures” in the
consolidated statement of profit or loss (2022: Nil).

      The share of tax charge attributable to associates of approximately RMB4,695,000 (2022: RMB5,590,000) is
included in “Share of profits/(losses) of associates” in the consolidated statement of profit or loss.




152   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                                NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                       March 31, 2023

9. INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)
      A reconciliation of the tax expense applicable to profit/(loss) before tax at the statutory rate for the
jurisdictions in which the Company and the majority of its subsidiaries are domiciled to the tax expense at the
effective tax rate, and a reconciliation of the applicable rate (i.e., the statutory tax rate) to the effective tax rate,
are as follows:

     2023

                                                      Hong Kong                  Mainland China                      Total
                                                    RMB’000             %       RMB’000               %        RMB’000                 %

     Profit before tax                               85,871                      465,123                       550,994


     Tax at the statutory tax rate                   14,169           16.5       116,281            25.0       130,450              23.7
     Effect of preferential tax treatment enacted
         by local authority                              —               —       (57,672)          (12.4)      (57,672)             (10.5)
     Adjustments in respect of current tax of
         previous periods                               65             0.1         1,201             0.2          1,266               0.2
     Non-deductible expenses and non-taxable
         income, net                                (14,145)         (16.5)        8,355             1.8        (5,790)              (1.1)
     Research and development super deduction             —              —       (47,021)          (10.1)      (47,021)              (8.5)
     Tax losses recognized/utilized from previous
         periods                                         —               —       (95,766)          (20.6)      (95,766)             (17.3)
     Tax losses and deductible temporary
         differences not recognized                   3,309            3.8        76,214            16.4        79,523              14.4
     Withholding tax in the PRC                      11,741           13.7             —               —        11,741               2.1

     Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate        15,139           17.6         1,592             0.3        16,731                3.0




                                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report     153
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

9. INCOME TAX (CONTINUED)
      2022

                                                              Hong Kong             Mainland China                 Total
                                                           RMB’000           %     RMB’000             %     RMB’000          %


      Loss before tax                                      (101,510)               (151,004)                 (252,514)


      Tax at the statutory tax rate                        (16,749)        16.5    (37,751)          25.0    (54,500)      21.6
      Effect of preferential tax treatment
         enacted by local authority                               —          —     (33,613)          22.3    (33,613)      13.3
      Non-deductible expenses and non-
         taxable income, net                                 9,414         (9.3)   (21,556)          14.3    (12,142)        4.8
      Research and development super
         deduction                                                —          —     (29,511)          19.5    (29,511)      11.7
      Tax losses utilized from previous periods                   —          —     (20,783)          13.8    (20,783)       8.2
      Tax losses and deductible temporary
         differences not recognized                          6,751         (6.7)   152,501       (101.0)     159,252       (63.1)
      Withholding tax in the PRC                             4,724         (4.7)         —            —        4,724        (1.9)

      Tax charge at the Group’s effective rate               4,140         (4.1)     9,287           (6.2)    13,427        (5.3)


10. EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
    HOLDERS OF THE PARENT

      The calculation of the basic earnings per share (2022: loss per share) amount is based on the profit for
the year attributable to owners of the parent of RMB533,407,000 (2022: loss of RMB265,555,000), and the
weighted average number of ordinary shares of 13,503,050,886 in issue during the year (2022: 13,482,634,084).

      No adjustment has been made to the basic loss per share amount presented for the year ended March
31, 2022 in respect of a dilution as the impact of share options and RSUs outstanding had an anti-dilutive
effect on the basic loss per share amount presented.




154   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                        NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                   March 31, 2023

10. EARNINGS/(LOSS) PER SHARE ATTRIBUTABLE TO ORDINARY EQUITY
    HOLDERS OF THE PARENT (CONTINUED)

     The calculation of the diluted earnings per share amount for the year ended March 31, 2023 is based on
the profit for the year ended March 31, 2023 attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent. The weighted
average number of ordinary shares used in the calculation is the number of ordinary shares in issue during the
year ended March 31, 2023, as used in the basic earnings per share calculation, and the weighted average
number of ordinary shares assumed to have been issued at no consideration on the deemed exercise of all
dilutive potential ordinary shares into ordinary shares.

     The calculations of basic and diluted earnings/(loss) per share are based on:

                                                                                                    2023                        2022
                                                                                               RMB’000                   RMB’000


     Earnings/(loss)
     Profit/(loss) attributable to ordinary equity holders of the parent,
        used in the basic earnings/(loss) per share calculation                                 533,407                  (265,555)


                                                                                                 Number of shares
                                                                                                    2023                        2022


     Shares
     Weighted average number of ordinary shares in issue during the
        year used in the basic earnings/(loss) per share calculation                  13,503,050,886             13,482,634,084


     Effect of dilution — weighted average number of ordinary shares:
        Share options                                                                           665,770                           —
        Restricted share units                                                              37,862,990                            —


                                                                                      13,541,579,646             13,482,634,084




                                                           ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   155
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

11. DIVIDENDS

      The board does not recommend the payment of dividend for the year ended March 31, 2023 (2022: Nil).


12. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT

                                                                                Computer
                                                                              equipment,
                                                             Leasehold       furniture and     Motor
                                                       improvements               fixtures   vehicles      Total
                                                               RMB’000           RMB’000     RMB’000    RMB’000


      March 31, 2023


      At April 1, 2022:
         Cost                                                     25,343           74,493        307    100,143
         Accumulated depreciation                               (15,340)          (64,320)      (307)    (79,967)


         Net carrying amount                                      10,003           10,173          —     20,176


      Cost at April 1, 2022, net of
         accumulated depreciation                                 10,003           10,173          —     20,176
      Additions                                                    2,051            3,561          —      5,612
      Disposals                                                      (250)            (98)         —       (348)
      Deregistration of subsidiaries                              (1,218)            (473)         —      (1,691)
      Depreciation provided during the
         year (note 6)                                            (3,901)          (5,613)         —      (9,514)


      Cost at March 31, 2023, net of
         accumulated depreciation                                  6,685            7,550          —     14,235


      At March 31, 2023:
         Cost                                                     25,094           71,140        307     96,541
         Accumulated depreciation                               (18,409)          (63,590)      (307)    (82,306)


         Net carrying amount                                       6,685            7,550          —     14,235




156   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        March 31, 2023

12. PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT (CONTINUED)

                                                             Computer
                                                           equipment,
                                          Leasehold      furniture and                   Motor
                                       improvements             fixtures              vehicles                   Total
                                           RMB’000             RMB’000               RMB’000                RMB’000


  March 31, 2022


  At April 1, 2021:
    Cost                                     16,105              78,275                     307                94,687
    Accumulated depreciation                (10,940)            (70,015)                   (304)              (81,259)


    Net carrying amount                       5,165                8,260                       3               13,428


  Cost at April 1, 2021, net of
    accumulated depreciation                  5,165                8,260                       3               13,428
  Acquisition of subsidiaries                 1,482                2,028                       —                3,510
  Additions                                   7,756                7,174                       —               14,930
  Disposals                                      —                (1,714)                      —               (1,714)
  Depreciation provided during the
    year (note 6)                            (4,400)              (5,575)                     (3)              (9,978)


  Cost at March 31, 2022, net of
    accumulated depreciation                 10,003              10,173                        —               20,176


  At March 31, 2022:
    Cost                                     25,343              74,493                     307              100,143
    Accumulated depreciation                (15,340)            (64,320)                   (307)              (79,967)


    Net carrying amount                      10,003              10,173                        —               20,176




                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   157
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

13. LEASES

      The Group as a lessee

            The Group has lease contracts for various buildings for retail outlets, offices, staff dormitories and
      warehouses used in its operations, and the lease terms ranged from one year to nine years.

      (a)   Right-of-use assets

            The carrying amounts of the Group’s right-of-use assets, i.e., buildings, and the movements during
      the year are as follows:

                                                                                          2023               2022
                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000


            Carrying amount at April 1                                                 144,930             38,861
            Additions                                                                   14,527            136,195
            Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                       —             8,567
            Transfer to net investments in subleases                                   (36,027)                 —
            Revision of lease terms arising from changes
                 in the non-cancellable periods of leases                              (32,425)                 —
            Depreciation charge                                                        (36,692)           (38,693)


            Carrying amount at March 31                                                 54,313            144,930




158   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                               March 31, 2023

13. LEASES (CONTINUED)

   The Group as a lessee (continued)

  (b)   Lease liabilities

        The carrying amount of lease liabilities and the movements during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                  2023                      2022
                                                                                            RMB’000                  RMB’000


        Carrying amount at April 1                                                            135,414                   37,740
        New leases                                                                             14,527                 136,195
        Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                                   —                     8,567
        Accretion of interest recognized during the year                                         5,833                      3,815
        Covid–19-related rent concessions from lessors                                            (299)                       (76)
        Payments                                                                              (48,419)                 (50,827)
        Revision of lease terms arising from changes
           in the non-cancellable periods of leases                                           (29,258)                         —


        Carrying amount at March 31                                                            77,798                 135,414


        Analyzed into:
           Current portion
              Repayable within one year                                                        37,437                   50,656


           Non-current portion
              Repayable in the second year                                                     29,196                   43,820
              Repayable in the third to fifth years, inclusive                                 10,455                   39,465
              Repayable beyond five years                                                          710                      1,473


                                                                                               40,361                   84,758


                                                                                               77,798                 135,414




                                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report    159
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

13. LEASES (CONTINUED)

      The Group as a lessee (continued)

      (b)   Lease liabilities (continued)

            The maturity analysis of lease liabilities based on the contractual undiscounted payments is
      disclosed in note 36 to the financial statements.

            The Group has applied the practical expedient to all eligible rent concessions granted by the lessor
      for lease of certain retail outlets during the year.

      (c)   The amounts charged/(credited) to profit or loss in relation to leases are as follows:

                                                                                          2023             2022
                                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000


            Interest on lease liabilities                                                 5,833           3,815
            Depreciation charge of right-of-use assets                                  36,692           38,693
            Loss on revision of lease terms arising from changes
                 in the non-cancellable periods of leases                                 3,167               —
            Gain on recognition of net investments in subleases                          (2,649)              —
            Expense relating to short-term leases                                         1,126             878
            Covid–19-related rent concessions from lessors                                 (299)             (76)


            Total amount charged/(credited) to in profit or loss                        43,870           43,310




160   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2023

13. LEASES (CONTINUED)

   The Group as a lessor

        The Group subleases certain of its buildings under finance lease arrangements. The terms of the
   subleases generally require the tenants to pay security deposits and provide for periodic rent adjustments.

        The undiscounted lease payments receivable by the Group in future periods under non-cancellable
   operating leases with its tenants and their present value as included in other receivables at the end of the
   reporting periods are as follows:

                                                                                                2023                      2022
                                                                                          RMB’000                  RMB’000


        Undiscounted amount receivable:
           Within one year                                                                   11,344                         —
           In the second year                                                                13,634                         —


        Total undiscounted lease payments                                                    24,978                         —


        Future unearned finance income                                                          (959)                       —


        Total finance lease receivables                                                      24,019                         —


        Analyzed into:
           Current portion                                                                   11,344                         —
           Non-current portion                                                               12,675                         —




                                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   161
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

14. GOODWILL

                                                                                        2023               2022
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000


      Cost and net carrying amount at April 1                                        810,853             54,576
      Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                           —           756,277


      Cost and net carrying amount at March 31                                       810,853            810,853


      There was no accumulated impairment of goodwill at March 31, 2023 (2022: Nil).

      Impairment testing of goodwill

            Goodwill acquired through business combinations is allocated to the following CGUs for impairment
      testing:

            •      B2C and related business;

            •      B2B business; and

            •      Healthcare and digital services business.

      B2C and related business CGU

            The recoverable amount of this CGU has been determined based on a value in use calculation using
      cash flow projections based on financial budgets covering a five-year period. The discount rate applied to
      the cash flow projections is 15% (2022: 15%). The growth rate used to extrapolate the cash flows beyond
      the five-year period is 3% (2022: 3%), which approximates the long term average growth rate of the
      relevant business in Mainland China.

      B2B business CGU

            The recoverable amount of this CGU was determined based on a value in use calculation using cash
      flow projections based on financial budgets covering a five-year period. The discount rate applied to the
      cash flow projections is 20% (2022: 20%). The growth rate used to extrapolate the cash flows beyond the
      five-year period is 3% (2022: 3%), which approximates the long term average growth rate of the relevant
      business in Mainland China.




162   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2023

14. GOODWILL (CONTINUED)

  Impairment testing of goodwill (continued)

  Healthcare and digital services related business CGU

       The recoverable amount of this CGU was determined based on a value in use calculation using cash
  flow projections based on financial budgets covering a nine-year period, because a longer forecast period
  is required for the relevant business currently at early stage to become stabilized. The discount rate
  applied to the cash flow projections is 15% (2022: 15%). The growth rate used to extrapolate the cash
  flows beyond the nine-year period is 3% (2022: 3%), which approximates the long term average growth
  rate of the relevant business in Mainland China.

       The carrying amount of goodwill allocated to each of the CGUs is as follows:

                                                                                                2023                      2022
                                                                                          RMB’000                  RMB’000


       B2C and related business CGU                                                          51,019                   51,019
       B2B business CGU                                                                        5,516                      5,516
       Healthcare and digital services related business CGU                                 754,318                 754,318


       Carrying amount of goodwill at March 31                                              810,853                 810,853


       Assumptions were used in the value in use calculation of the B2C and related business CGU, B2B
  business CGU and healthcare and digital services related business CGU. The following describes each key
  assumption on which management has based its cash flow projections to undertake impairment testing of
  goodwill:

       Expected revenue growth rates — The expected revenue growth rates are following the business plan
  approved by the group management. Management leveraged their experiences in the industries and
  provided forecast based on past performance and their anticipation of future business and market
  developments.

       Budgeted gross margins — The basis used to determine the value assigned to the budgeted gross
  margins is the average gross margins achieved in the year immediately before the budget year, increased
  for expected efficiency improvements, and expected market development.

       Discount rates — The discount rates used are after tax and reflect specific risks relating to the
  relevant units.

       Growth rates — The growth rates used to extrapolate the cash flows at the perpetual growth stage
  are based on the estimated growth rate of each unit taking into account the long term average growth
  rate of the relevant business in Mainland China.




                                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report    163
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

15. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS

                                                                           Patents and
                                                                              licences    Brand name       Total
                                                                              RMB’000       RMB’000     RMB’000


      March 31, 2023


      At April 1, 2022:
         Cost                                                                    6,610       335,000    341,610
         Accumulated amortization                                               (5,624)       (9,771)    (15,395)


         Net carrying amount                                                      986        325,229    326,215


      Cost at April 1, 2022, net of accumulated
         amortization                                                             986        325,229    326,215
      Additions                                                                   308             —         308
      Amortization provided during the year                                       (763)      (16,750)    (17,513)


      At March 31, 2023                                                           531        308,479    309,010


      At March 31, 2023:
         Cost                                                                    6,918       335,000    341,918
         Accumulated amortization                                               (6,387)      (26,521)    (32,908)


         Net carrying amount                                                      531        308,479    309,010




164   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                       March 31, 2023

15. OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS (CONTINUED)

                                                      Patents and
                                                           licences           Brand name                        Total
                                                           RMB’000                 RMB’000                 RMB’000


   March 31, 2022


   At April 1, 2021:
     Cost                                                      6,425                        —                  6,425
     Accumulated amortization                                 (3,490)                       —                 (3,490)


     Net carrying amount                                       2,935                        —                  2,935


   Cost at April 1, 2021, net of accumulated
     amortization                                              2,935                        —                  2,935
   Acquisition of subsidiaries                                      —               335,000                 335,000
   Additions                                                     185                        —                       185
   Amortization provided during the year                      (2,134)                 (9,771)               (11,905)


   At March 31, 2022                                             986                325,229                 326,215


   At March 31, 2022:
     Cost                                                      6,610                335,000                 341,610
     Accumulated amortization                                 (5,624)                 (9,771)               (15,395)


     Net carrying amount                                         986                325,229                 326,215




                                               ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report    165
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

16. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES

                                                                                                                   2023                      2022
                                                                                                             RMB’000                  RMB’000


      Share of net assets                                                                                      249,441                 160,660
      Loans to a joint venture                                                                                    2,500                      2,500
      Impairment                                                                                                 (2,500)                    (2,500)


                                                                                                               249,441                 160,660


      The Group’s short-term advances received from a joint venture are disclosed in note 25 to the financial
statements.

      Particulars of the Group’s joint ventures at the end of the reporting period are as follows:


                                                                        Place of           Percentage of ownership
                                                Particulars of          registration and     interest attributable
      Name                                      capital held            business                 to the Group^       Principal activities
                                                                                                2023            2022


      浙江扁鵲健康科技有限公司 (Zhejiang                    Registered capital of   PRC/Mainland              45             45    Health related data
        Bian Que Health Data Technology            RMB1 each               China                                          services
        Company Limited @) (“Zhejiang
        Bian Que”)


      江蘇紫金弘雲健康產業投資合夥企業                       Registered capital of      PRC/Mainland           13.72           13.72   Investment management
       （有限合夥）(Jiangsu Zijin Hongyun             RMB1 each                  China
        Health Industry Investment
        Partnership (Limited Partnership) @)
        (“Jiangsu Zijin”)


      @
             For identification purposes only


      ^
             The percentage of ownership interest attributable to the Group is same as the percentage of voting power and profit sharing
             attributable to the Group.




166   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                 March 31, 2023

16. INVESTMENTS IN JOINT VENTURES (CONTINUED)

     The Group’s joint ventures have a financial year ending December 31, and the financial statements for
March 31 of these companies may not be available in a timely manner for the Group to apply the equity
method, and therefore the Group elects to record its shares of the profits or losses of Zhejiang Bian Que and
Jiangsu Zijin on a quarterly lag basis. Accordingly, the Group elects to equity account for these joint ventures in
the Group’s consolidated financial statements using their annual financial statements for the year ended
December 31, 2022 for the current year (2022: year ended December 31, 2021).

     The above joint ventures are indirectly held by the Company.

     The Group has discontinued the recognition of its share of loss of Zhejiang Bian Que because the share of
loss of Zhejiang Bian Que exceeded the Group’s interest in Zhejiang Bian Que and the Group has no obligation
to take up further losses. The amounts of the Group’s unrecognized share of loss of Zhejiang Bian Que for the
current year and cumulatively were RMB1,009,000 (2022: RMB9,523,000) and RMB10,532,000 (2022:
RMB9,523,000), respectively.

     The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s joint ventures that are
not individually material:

                                                                                                    2023                      2022
                                                                                              RMB’000                  RMB’000


     Share of the joint ventures’ profit and total comprehensive
        income for the year                                                                      48,981                       1,269
     Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments
        in the joint ventures                                                                   249,441                 160,660



17. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES

                                                                                                    2023                      2022
                                                                                              RMB’000                  RMB’000


     Share of net assets                                                                     1,018,301                  996,598
     Goodwill on acquisition                                                                 1,318,403                1,344,216


                                                                                             2,336,704                2,340,814




                                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report    167
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

17. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)

      Particulars of the Group’s associates at the end of the reporting periods are as follows:


                                                                     Place of           Percentage of ownership
                                                Particulars of       registration and     interest attributable
      Name                                      capital held         business                 to the Group        Principal activities
                                                                                             2023            2022


      東方口岸科技有限公司 (Dongfang                      Registered capital   PRC/Mainland              30             30    Operation of platforms for
        Customs Technology Company                 of RMB1 each         China                                          electronic customs
        Limited)@ (“Dongfang Customs”)                                                                                 processing


      萬里雲醫療信息科技（北京）有限公司                         Registered capital   PRC/Mainland           23.28           23.28   Construction of medical
        (Wanliyun Medical Information              of RMB1 each         China                                          platforms and provision of
          Technology (Beijing) Co., Ltd.)@                                                                             related services
          (“Wanliyun”)


      A company engaging in the medical         Ordinary shares of   PRC/Mainland              9.5            9.5   Provision of medical self-
         business@ (“Company A”)                   RMB1 each            China                                          service equipment and
                                                                                                                       smart healthcare solutions


      嘉和美康（北京）科技股份有限公司 (Jiahe Ordinary shares of                     PRC/Mainland           10.14           10.91   Provision of clinical
        Meikang (Beijing) Technology Co., RMB1 each                     China                                          information software
        Ltd.)@ (“Jiahe Meikang”)                                                                                       products, infant medical
                                                                                                                       equipment and mobile
                                                                                                                       internet digitalised medical
                                                                                                                       information software
                                                                                                                       systems


      江蘇曼荼羅軟件股份有限公司 (Jiangsu                    Ordinary shares of   PRC/ Mainland         10.283         11.278    Provision of software
        Mandalat Software Company                  RMB1 each            China                                          development
        Limited)@ (“Mandalat”)


      安徽華人健康醫藥股份有限公司 (Anhui Ordinary shares of                       PRC/ Mainland            7.51           8.84   Pharmaceutical retail chain
        Huaren Health Pharmaceutical Co., RMB1 each                     China                                          business
        Ltd.)@ (“Anhui Huaren”)


      漱玉平民大藥房連鎖股份有限公司 (Shuyu Ordinary shares of                      PRC/ Mainland            8.41           8.41   Pharmaceutical retail chain
        Civilian Pharmacy Corp., Ltd.)@ RMB1 each                       China                                          business
        (“Shuyu Civilian”)


      德生堂醫藥股份有限公司 (Deshengtang Ordinary shares of                    PRC/ Mainland               5              5 Pharmaceutical retail chain
        Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd)@ RMB1 each                             China                                        business
        (“Deshengtang”)


      來未來科技（浙江）有限公司 (Laiweilai                  Registered capital   PRC/ Mainland             26             26    Construction of intelligent
        Technology (Zhejiang) Co., Ltd)@           of RMB1 each         China                                          medical platform business
        (“Laiweilai”)

      @
             For identification purposes only




168   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                March 31, 2023

17. INVESTMENTS IN ASSOCIATES (CONTINUED)

     The Group’s investments in these companies are accounted for as associates of the Group because the
Group is in a position to exercise significant influence. The Group has at least one director at each board of
directors and/or has relevant rights regarding certain significant financial and operating decisions in board
meetings of these associates.

     The Group’s associates have a financial year ending December 31 and the financial statements for March
31 of these companies may not be available in a timely manner for the Group to apply the equity method, and
therefore the Group elects to record its shares of the profits or losses of these associates on a quarterly lag
basis. Accordingly, the Group elects to equity account for these associates in the Group’s consolidated financial
statements using their annual financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 for the current year
(2022: year ended December 31, 2021).

     The above associates are indirectly held by the Company.

     The following table illustrates the aggregate financial information of the Group’s associates that are not
individually material:

                                                                                                   2023                      2022
                                                                                             RMB’000                  RMB’000


     Share of the associates’ loss for the year                                                 37,600                   46,889
     Share of the associates’ other comprehensive income for the year                                  —                       17
     Share of the associates’ total comprehensive loss for the year                             37,600                   46,872
     Aggregate carrying amount of the Group’s investments in the
        associates at the end of the reporting period                                       2,336,704                2,340,814



18. INVENTORIES

                                                                                                   2023                      2022
                                                                                             RMB’000                  RMB’000


     Trading goods                                                                          2,102,312                1,550,150




                                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   169
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

19. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES

                                                                                        2023               2022
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000


      Trade receivables                                                              606,627            528,420
      Impairment                                                                     (28,544)           (26,720)


                                                                                     578,083            501,700
      Bills receivable                                                                   704             14,285


                                                                                     578,787            515,985


      The Group’s trading terms with some of its customers are on credit. The Group provides a credit period of
30 days to 90 days. Trade receivables are settled in accordance with the terms of the respective contracts. The
Group seeks to maintain strict control over its outstanding receivables. Overdue balances are reviewed regularly
by senior management. In the view of the aforementioned and the fact that the Group’s trade receivables relate
to a large number of diversified customers, there is no significant concentration of credit risk. The Group does
not hold any collateral or other credit enhancements over its trade receivable balances. Trade receivables are
non-interest-bearing.

      Included in the Group’s trade and bills receivables are amounts due from subsidiaries of Alibaba Group of
approximately RMB192,106,000 (2022: RMB62,165,000) and the Group’s associates of approximately RMB267,000
(2022: RMB77,000), which are repayable on credit terms mutually agreed by the parties involved.




170   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                               March 31, 2023

19. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

     An ageing analysis of the trade receivables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the date of
products received by or services rendered to customers and net of impairment, is as follows:

                                                                                                  2023                      2022
                                                                                            RMB’000                  RMB’000


     Within 3 months                                                                          465,694                 398,206
     4 to 12 months                                                                            98,626                 101,519
     Over 1 year                                                                               13,763                       1,975


                                                                                              578,083                 501,700


     The movements in the provision for impairment of trade receivables are as follows:

                                                                                                  2023                      2022
                                                                                            RMB’000                  RMB’000


     At April 1                                                                                26,720                   26,588
     Impairment (note 6)                                                                         1,824                       132


     At March 31                                                                               28,544                   26,720


     An impairment analysis is performed at each reporting date using a provision matrix to measure expected
credit losses. The provision rates are based on days past due for groupings of various customer segments with
similar loss patterns (i.e., by customer type). The calculation reflects the time value of money and reasonable
and supportable information that is available at the reporting date about past events, current conditions and
forecasts of future economic conditions.




                                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report    171
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

19. TRADE AND BILLS RECEIVABLES (CONTINUED)

      Set out below is the information about the credit risk exposure on the Group’s trade receivables using a
provision matrix:

      As at March 31, 2023

                                                                                     Ageing
                                                                  Less than         1 to         Over
                                                                      1 year     2 years      2 years      Total


      Expected credit loss rate                                        0.10%      3.45%       100.00%     4.71%
      Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)                               564,876      14,255        27,496    606,627
      Expected credit losses (RMB’000)                                     556      492        27,496     28,544


      As at March 31, 2022

                                                                                     Ageing
                                                                   Less than        1 to         Over
                                                                       1 year    2 years       2 years     Total


      Expected credit loss rate                                        0.02%      2.71%       100.00%     5.06%
      Gross carrying amount (RMB’000)                                499,820       2,030       26,570    528,420
      Expected credit losses (RMB’000)                                      95       55        26,570     26,720

      Bills receivable are subject to impairment using the low credit risk simplification under the general
approach. At each reporting date, the Group evaluates whether the bills receivable are considered to have low
credit risk using all reasonable and supportable information that is available without undue cost or effort. In
making that evaluation, the Group reassesses the credit ratings of the debt investments. The Group did not
recognize any impairment loss on bills receivable as at March 31, 2022 and 2023.




172   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                March 31, 2023

20. PREPAYMENTS, OTHER RECEIVABLES AND OTHER ASSETS

                                                                                                   2023                      2022
                                                                                             RMB’000                  RMB’000


     Current:
     Prepayments                                                                               439,382                 306,922
     Other receivables and other assets                                                        707,318                 564,713


                                                                                            1,146,700                  871,635
     Impairment                                                                                  (6,760)                 (6,760)


                                                                                            1,139,940                  864,875


     Non-current:
     Long-term receivables                                                                      20,024                   13,030


                                                                                            1,159,964                  877,905


     The movements in provision for impairment of other receivables during the year are as follows:

                                                                                                   2023                      2022
                                                                                             RMB’000                  RMB’000


     At April 1                                                                                   6,760                      6,760
     Impairment                                                                                 11,518                          —
     Amount written off as uncollectible                                                       (11,518)                         —


     At March 31                                                                                  6,760                      6,760


     The individually impaired other receivables of RMB6,760,000 (2022: RMB6,760,000) relate to debtors that
were in default and the outstanding receivables are not expected to be recovered.

     Other than the impaired other receivables, the financial assets included in the above balances relate to
receivables for which there was no recent history of default and past due amounts. As at March 31, 2023 and
2022, their loss allowance is assessed to be minimal.




                                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report    173
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

21. CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH

                                                                                            2023                2022
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000


      Cash and bank balances                                                           8,941,312           8,325,424
      Time deposits                                                                    2,126,121           2,285,552


                                                                                      11,067,433         10,610,976
      Less: Restricted cash                                                             (150,262)            (63,125)


      Cash and cash equivalents                                                       10,917,171         10,547,851


      At the end of the reporting period, the cash and cash equivalents of the Group denominated in RMB
placed in the PRC amounted to approximately RMB5,762,827,000 (2022: RMB6,246,376,000). The RMB is not
freely convertible into other currencies, however, under Mainland China’s Foreign Exchange Control Regulations
and Administration of Settlement and Sale and Payment of Foreign Exchange Regulations, the Group is
permitted to exchange RMB for other currencies through banks authorized to conduct foreign exchange
business.

      Cash at banks and Alipay earns interest at floating rates based on daily bank deposit rates. Time deposits
are made for varying periods of one to three months depending on the immediate cash requirements of the
Group, and earn interest at the respective term deposit rates. The bank balances are deposited with
creditworthy banks with no recent history of default. As at March 31, 2023, the cash (including restricted cash)
at Alipay amounted to RMB233,264,000 (2022: RMB127,910,000).


22. EQUITY INVESTMENT DESIGNATED AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH OTHER
    COMPREHENSIVE INCOME

                                                                                            2023                2022
                                                                                        RMB’000             RMB’000


      Unlisted equity investment, at fair value:
         IK Healthcare Holdings Limited (“IK Healthcare”)                                122,062             140,900


      The above equity investment was irrevocably designated at FVOCI as the Group considers this investment
to be strategic in nature. During the year, the fair value changes in this investment resulted in a loss (net of tax)
amounting to approximately US$4,392,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB27,916,000) (2022: a loss (net of
tax) amounting to approximately US$2,677,000 (equivalent to approximately RMB15,459,000)), recorded in other
comprehensive income.




174   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                 March 31, 2023

23. FINANCIAL ASSETS AT FAIR VALUE THROUGH PROFIT OR LOSS

                                                                                                    2023                      2022
                                                                                              RMB’000                  RMB’000


     Unlisted equity investments, at fair value                                              1,883,292                1,654,233
     Other unlisted investments, at fair value                                                          —                     7,257


                                                                                             1,883,292                1,661,490


     The unlisted equity investments were classified as financial assets at fair value through profit or loss as
the Group has not elected to recognize the fair value gain or loss through other comprehensive income.

     The other unlisted investments were financial derivatives which are mandatorily classified as financial
assets at fair value through profit or loss.


24. TRADE AND BILLS PAYABLES

     An ageing analysis of the trade and bills payables as at the end of the reporting period, based on the
date of products received by the Group, is as follows:

                                                                                                    2023                      2022
                                                                                              RMB’000                  RMB’000


     Within 3 months                                                                         3,000,935                2,110,566
     4 to 12 months                                                                             624,112               1,236,627
     Over 12 months                                                                              89,000                 181,404


                                                                                             3,714,047                3,528,597


     The trade payables are non-interest-bearing and are normally settled on terms of 30 days to 90 days.

     Included in the Group’s trade payables are amounts due to subsidiaries of Alibaba Group of
approximately RMB843,047,000 (2022: RMB1,492,580,000), which are repayable on credit terms mutually agreed
by the parties involved.




                                                         ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report    175
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

25. OTHER PAYABLES AND ACCRUALS

                                                                                          2023               2022
                                                                                      RMB’000            RMB’000


      Current:
      Other payables                                                                   886,136            716,308
      Accruals                                                                         176,064            169,815
      Contingent consideration                                                          65,292             55,253


                                                                                     1,127,492            941,376


      Non-current:
      Contingent consideration                                                               —             51,178
      Other payables                                                                         —             55,185


                                                                                             —            106,363


                                                                                     1,127,492          1,047,739


      Other payables are non-interest-bearing. The current other payables have an average term of three
months. The non-current other payables were to be paid after certain conditions are fulfilled.

      Included in the Group’s other payables are advances received from a joint venture amounting to
RMB1,043,000 (2022: RMB1,806,000), which are used to settle the management fees incurred in the subsequent
period within three months.


26. CONTRACT LIABILITIES

      Details of contract liabilities are as follows:

                                                                              2023        2022               2021
                                                                           RMB’000    RMB’000            RMB’000


      Pharmaceutical direct sales business                                 204,065     105,631             62,559
      Healthcare and digital services business                             291,001     155,047            127,982


                                                                           495,066     260,678            190,541


      Contract liabilities include short-term advances received for the provision of digital infrastructure and
advertising related services. The increase in contract liabilities as at March 31, 2022 and 2023 was mainly due to
the increasing scale of pharmaceutical direct sales business and healthcare and digital services business.




176   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                                 March 31, 2023

27. DEFERRED TAX

   The movements in gross deferred tax assets and liabilities during the year are as follows:

                                                                         Fair value adjustments attributable to

                                                                           Equity                                            Equity accounting
                                                                     investments                                             and deemed cost
                                                 Loss available      at fair value    Investments at                           adjustments of
                                                  for offsetting   through other           fair value                           investments in
                                                 against future    comprehensive             through       Acquisition of joint ventures and
                                                 taxable profits          income        profit or loss       subsidiaries           associates             Total
                                                       RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000             RMB’000           RMB’000


   Gross deferred liabilities at April 1, 2021                —            (4,885)           (12,919)                   —             (21,518)          (39,322)
   Deferred tax credited/(charged) to:
      the statement of profit or loss (note 9)          132,880                 —             (7,038)                2,443           (107,188)           21,097
      the statement of comprehensive
          income                                              —             1,718                   —                   —                   —              1,718
      the statement of changes in equity                      —                 —                   —                   —                  12                12
   Acquisition of subsidiaries                                —                 —                   —             (83,750)                  —           (83,750)
   Exchange realignment                                       —             1,152                   —                   —                   —              1,152


   Gross deferred tax assets/(liabilities) at
      March 31, 2022 and April 1, 2022                  132,880           (2,015)            (19,957)             (81,307)           (128,694)          (99,093)
   Deferred tax credited/(charged) to:
      the statement of profit or loss (note 9)           41,783                 —             (4,083)               4,187             (27,423)           14,464
      the statement of comprehensive
          income                                              —             2,174                   —                   —                   —             2,174
      the statement of changes in equity                      —                 —                   —                   —              (5,890)           (5,890)
   Transfer                                                   —                 —               9,388                   —              (9,388)                —
   Exchange realignment                                       —             (159)                (82)                   —                   —             (241)


   Gross deferred tax assets/(liabilities) at
      March 31, 2023                                    174,663                 —            (14,734)             (77,120)           (171,395)          (88,586)




                                                                             ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report             177
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

27. DEFERRED TAX (CONTINUED)

      Certain deferred tax assets and liabilities have been offset on an individual entity basis and the Group’s
net deferred tax assets and liabilities presented in the consolidated statement of financial position are as
follows:

                                                                                          2023                2022
                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000


      Net deferred assets                                                               33,831              17,390
      Net deferred liabilities                                                        (122,417)            (116,483)


                                                                                        (88,586)            (99,093)


      The Group has tax losses arising in Hong Kong of approximately RMB52,660,000 (2022: RMB47,840,000)
that are available indefinitely for offsetting against future taxable profits of the companies in which the losses
arose. The Group also has tax losses arising in Mainland China of RMB1,188,893,000 (2022: RMB1,004,668,000)
that will expire in one to ten years for offsetting against future taxable profits.

      Deferred tax assets have not been recognized in respect of these losses and other deductible temporary
differences as they have arisen in subsidiaries that have been loss-making for some time and it is not
considered probable that taxable profits will be available against which the tax losses can be utilized.

      Deferred tax assets have not been recognized in respect of the following items:

                                                                                          2023                2022
                                                                                      RMB’000              RMB’000


      Tax losses                                                                      1,241,553         1,052,508
      Deductible temporary differences                                                 378,591             209,003


                                                                                      1,620,144         1,261,511


      Pursuant to the PRC Corporate Income Tax Law, a 10% withholding tax is levied on dividends declared to
foreign investors from the foreign investment enterprises established in Mainland China. The requirement is
effective from January 1, 2008 and applies to earnings after December 31, 2007. A lower withholding tax rate
may be applied if there is a tax treaty between Mainland China and the jurisdiction of the foreign investors. For
the Group, the applicable rate is 10%. The Group is therefore liable to withholding taxes on dividends
distributed by those subsidiaries, joint venture and associates established in Mainland China in respect of
earnings generated from January 1, 2008.




178   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                               March 31, 2023

27. DEFERRED TAX (CONTINUED)

     At March 31, 2023, no deferred tax has been recognized for withholding taxes that would be payable on
the unremitted earnings that are subject to withholding taxes of the Group’s subsidiaries established in
Mainland China. In the opinion of the directors, it is not probable that these subsidiaries will distribute such
earnings in the foreseeable future. The aggregate amount of temporary differences associated with investments
in subsidiaries in Mainland China for which deferred tax liabilities have not been recognized totaled
approximately RMB982,770,000 at March 31, 2023 (2022: RMB465,252,000). At March 31, 2023, there were
unremitted earnings shared by the Group of approximately RMB220,428,000 (2022: RMB126,082,000) from the
Group’s associates and an joint venture established in Mainland China in respect of earnings generated from
January 1, 2008.

     There are no income tax consequences attaching to the payment of dividends by the Company to its
shareholders.


28. SHARE CAPITAL

     Shares

                                                                                                  2023                      2022
                                                                                             HK$’000                  HK$’000


     Authorized:
        20,000,000,000 (2022: 20,000,000,000) ordinary shares
           of HK$0.01 each                                                                    200,000                 200,000


                                                                                                  2023                      2022
                                                                                            RMB’000                  RMB’000


     Issued and fully-paid:
        13,521,362,542 (2022: 13,517,806,542) ordinary shares
           of HK$0.01 each                                                                    119,133                 119,102




                                                       ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   179
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

28. SHARE CAPITAL (CONTINUED)

      A summary of movements in the Company’s share capital is as follows:

                                                   Number of                  Share             Share           Treasury
                                              shares in issue                capital        premium                shares               Total
                                                                            RMB’000          RMB’000             RMB’000             RMB’000


      At April 1, 2021                         13,487,965,042               118,859        43,281,281             (22,265)        43,377,875
      Issue of shares for RSUs (note a)             27,000,000                  219                  —               (219)                  —
      Repurchase of shares (note b)                           —                   —                  —            (16,519)            (16,519)
      Vested awarded shares
           transferred to employees
           (note c)                                           —                   —           203,824              15,487            219,311
      Share options exercised (note d)               2,841,500                   24            14,792                    —             14,816


      At March 31 and April 1, 2022           13,517,806,542                119,102       43,499,897             (23,516)         43,595,483
      Repurchase of shares (note b)                           —                   —                  —            (81,582)           (81,582)
      Vested awarded shares
           transferred to employees
           (note c)                                           —                   —           214,834              34,616            249,450
      Share options exercised (note d)              3,556,000                    31            19,345                    —            19,376


      At March 31, 2023                       13,521,362,542                119,133       43,734,076              (70,482)        43,782,727


      Notes:


      a.       During the year ended March 31, 2023, there was no share issued for RSUs to be vested for non-connected persons (2022:
               27,000,000 shares of HK$0.01 each were issued for RSUs to be vested for non-connected persons).


      b.       During the year ended March 31, 2023, 25,258,000 shares of HK$0.01 each were repurchased for RSUs to be vested for non-
               connected persons and connected persons at a total cash consideration of RMB81,582,000 (2022: 1,300,000 shares of HK$0.01
               each were repurchased for RSUs to be vested for connected persons at a total cash consideration of RMB16,519,000).


      c.       Upon vesting of RSUs for the year ended March 31, 2023, 15,653,000 issued shares and 5,188,000 repurchased shares were
               transferred to non-connected persons and 1,403,000 repurchased shares were transferred to connected persons, respectively
               (2022: 25,052,000 issued shares were transferred to non-connected persons and 1,207,000 repurchased shares were transferred
               to connected persons, respectively, upon vesting of RSUs).


      d.       The subscription rights attaching to 3,556,000 share options were exercised at the subscription price of HK$4.16 per share (note
               29), resulting in the issue of 3,556,000 shares for a total cash consideration, before expenses, of RMB12,890,000. An amount of
               RMB6,486,000 was transferred from the share option reserve to share premium upon the exercise of the share options (2022: The
               subscription rights attaching to 2,841,500 share options were exercised at the subscription price of HK$4.13 per share (note 29),
               resulting in the issue of 2,841,500 shares for a total cash consideration, before expenses, of RMB9,693,000. An amount of
               RMB5,123,000 was transferred from the share option reserve to share premium upon the exercise of the share options).




180   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                    NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2023

28. SHARE CAPITAL (CONTINUED)

   Share options

        Details of the Company’s share option scheme and the share options issued under the scheme are
   included in note 29 to the financial statements.


29. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS

   Share award scheme

        On November 24, 2014 (the “Adoption Date”), the Group adopted a share award scheme for the
   purpose of providing incentives and rewards to eligible participants who contribute to the success of the
   Group’s operations. An award (“Award”) granted under the Share Award Scheme may either take the form
   of a RSU, being a contingent right to receive shares of the Company which are awarded under the Share
   Award Scheme, or an option to subscribe for or acquire shares of the Company which are granted under
   the Share Award Scheme.

        Share options and RSUs granted to a director, chief executive or substantial shareholder of the
   Company, or to any of their associates, are subject to approval in advance by the independent non-
   executive directors. All grants of share options and RSUs to connected persons shall be subject to
   compliance with the requirements of the Listing Rules, including the prior approval of the shareholders
   according to Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules. For the avoidance of doubt, any grant of share options to
   any connected person of the Company is fully exempted from the compliance with Chapter 14A of the
   Listing Rules pursuant to Rule 14A.92 of the Listing Rules. Any grant of RSUs to any connected person of
   the Company will constitute a connected transaction of the Company and shall therefore be subject to
   compliance with Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules (unless an exemption applies).

        In addition, any share options and RSUs granted to a substantial shareholder or an independent
   non-executive director of the Company, or to any of their associates, in excess of 0.1% of the shares of the
   Company in issue at any time or with an aggregate value (based on the price of the Company’s shares at
   the date of grant) in excess of HK$5 million, within any 12-month period, are subject to shareholders’
   approval in advance in a general meeting.

        The exercise price of share options is determinable by the directors, but may not be less than the
   highest of (i) the Stock Exchange closing price of the Company’s shares on the date of offer of the share
   options; (ii) the average Stock Exchange closing price of the Company’s shares for the five trading days
   immediately preceding the date of offer and (iii) the nominal value of the shares.




                                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   181
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

29. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS (CONTINUED)

      Share award scheme (continued)

            The total number of shares in respect of which Awards may be granted under the Share Award
      Scheme and any other share award schemes of the Company shall not exceed 3% of the shares in issue
      as at the Adoption Date (the “Scheme Mandate Limit”), or 3% of the shares in issue as at the new
      approval date of the renewed Scheme Mandate Limit. There are no other restrictions specified under
      Chapter 17 of the Listing Rules on the maximum number of shares to be granted to each eligible
      participants under the Share Award Scheme.

            The Awards do not confer rights on the holders to dividends or to vote at shareholders’ meetings.

            Movements in the number of Awards granted under the Share Award Scheme during the year and
      their related weighted average fair values are as follows:

                                                                                 Weighted
                                                                                   average                           Number of
                                                                           exercise price of     Number of      restricted share
                                                                             share options     share options               units
                                                                             HK$ per share              ’000               ’000


            Outstanding at April 1, 2021                                              10.14           17,280             62,040
            Granted during the year                                                   13.69            2,554             34,019
            Forfeited or lapsed during the year                                       19.90           (1,814)             (8,433)
            Exercised or vested during the year                                        4.13           (2,842)           (26,259)


            Outstanding at March 31 and April 1, 2022                                 10.69          15,178              61,367
            Granted during the year                                                    4.92           7,344              74,833
            Forfeited or lapsed during the year                                        5.72            (313)            (16,053)
            Exercised or vested during the year                                        4.16           (3,556)           (22,238)


            Outstanding at March 31, 2023                                              7.87          18,653              97,909


            The weighted average share price at the date of exercise for share options exercised during the year
      was HK$5.33 per share (2022: HK$11.56).




182   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                      NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                        March 31, 2023

29. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS (CONTINUED)

  Share award scheme (continued)

       The exercise prices and exercise periods of the share options outstanding as at the end of the
  reporting period are as follows:

       2023

                  Number of options            Exercise price                                     Exercise period
                                 ’000         HK$ per share


                                     508                 5.184                           2015/9/7 to 2025/9/6
                                     152                   5.32                       2016/4/28 to 2026/4/27
                                1,746                    5.558                        2016/7/29 to 2026/7/28
                                     593                 3.626                           2017/2/2 to 2027/2/1
                                     799                 3.686                           2017/8/3 to 2027/8/2
                                     162                     4.4                    2017/10/10 to 2027/10/9
                                     518                 4.144                          2018/2/1 to 2028/1/31
                                4,512                    19.94                        2020/6/15 to 2030/6/14
                                     119                 18.66                        2020/9/15 to 2030/9/14
                                1,663                    18.21                        2021/6/15 to 2031/6/14
                                     750                   4.24                       2022/3/15 to 2032/3/14
                                7,131                      4.92                       2022/6/15 to 2032/6/14


                               18,653




                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   183
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

29. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS (CONTINUED)

      Share award scheme (continued)

            The exercise prices and exercise periods of the share options outstanding as at the end of the
      reporting period are as follows: (continued)

            2022

                           Number of options                          Exercise price             Exercise period
                                              ’000                   HK$ per share


                                               508                            5.184        2015/9/7 to 2025/9/6
                                               187                             5.32      2016/4/28 to 2026/4/27
                                             1,838                            5.558      2016/7/29 to 2026/7/28
                                               776                            3.626        2017/2/2 to 2027/2/1
                                               331                            3.902      2017/6/14 to 2027/6/13
                                             1,684                            3.686        2017/8/3 to 2027/8/2
                                             2,020                              4.4     2017/10/10 to 2027/10/9
                                               690                            4.144       2018/2/1 to 2028/1/31
                                             4,512                            19.94      2020/6/15 to 2030/6/14
                                               119                            18.66      2020/9/15 to 2030/9/14
                                             1,663                            18.21      2021/6/15 to 2031/6/14
                                               100                            7.438    2021/12/15 to 2031/12/14
                                               750                             4.24      2022/3/15 to 2032/3/14


                                           15,178


            The fair value of the share options granted during the year was RMB15,430,000 (HK$2.46 each)
      (2022: RMB13,717,000, HK$6.47 each), of which the Group recognized a share option expense of
      RMB4,591,000 (2022: RMB3,117,000) during the year ended March 31, 2023.

            The fair value of the RSUs granted during the year was RMB313,995,000 (HK$4.89 each) (2022:
      RMB385,520,000, HK$13.87 each), of which the Group recognized a RSU expense of RMB93,189,000 (2022:
      RMB101,461,000) during the year ended March 31, 2023.




184   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                            March 31, 2023

29. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS (CONTINUED)

  Share award scheme (continued)

       The fair value of share options granted during the year was estimated as at the date of grant using
  a binomial model, taking into account the terms and conditions upon which the share options were
  granted. The following table lists the inputs to the model used:

                                                                                  Share options granted in
                                                                                            2023                         2022


       Fair value of the Company’s shares as at the grant date            HK$2.12~HK$2.57              HK$1.87~HK$8.73
       Expected volatility (%)                                                                 60                           60
       Expected dividend (%)                                                                 0.00                         0.00
       Exercise multiple                                                                1.3~2.3                            2.5
       Exercise price                                                                  HK$4.92       HK$4.24~HK$18.21
       Risk-free interest rate (%)                                                           3.38                         1.06
       Forfeiture rate (%)                                                                23~24                          21~24


       The expected volatility reflects the assumption that the historical volatility is indicative of future
  trends, which may also not necessarily be the actual outcome.

       The fair value of the RSUs granted during the year was determined based on the market value of the
  Company’s shares at the respective grant dates.

       The fair value of RSUs granted by Alibaba Group to employees transferred from other entities of
  Alibaba Group to the Company was measured with reference to Alibaba Group’s closing share price of the
  employment transfer date. The Company is obligated to pay a cash consideration to Alibaba Group for
  such employees’ service period at the Group on a pro rata basis when these RSUs were vested.

       The Group recognized share-based compensation expenses of RMB54,021,000 for awards under
  Alibaba Group’s Share Award Scheme for the year ended March 31, 2023 (2022: RMB114,854,000) with a
  corresponding payable of RMB242,137,000 due to Alibaba Group recorded at the end of the reporting
  period (2022: RMB161,552,000).




                                                    ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report    185
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

29. SHARE-BASED COMPENSATION COSTS (CONTINUED)

      Share award scheme (continued)

            Total share-based compensation expenses recorded by the Group under the Group’s Share Award
      Scheme and Alibaba Group’s Share Award Scheme are as follows:

                                                                                        2023              2022
                                                                                    RMB’000           RMB’000


            Cost of revenue                                                           15,408            16,132
            Sales and marketing expenses                                              89,324           120,656
            Administrative expenses                                                   69,403            98,528
            Product development expenses                                              98,697           139,052
            Fulfilment                                                                36,058            33,730


            Total                                                                    308,890           408,098


            At the end of the reporting period, the Company had approximately 18,653,000 share options and
      97,909,000 RSUs outstanding under the Share Award Scheme, which represented approximately 0.86% of
      the Company’s shares in issue as at that date. The exercise in full of the outstanding share options and
      RSUs, under the present capital structure of the Company, would result in the issue of approximately
      18,653,000 additional ordinary shares of the Company and additional share capital of HK$186,530
      (equivalent to approximately RMB163,000) (before issue expenses), the purchase of 77,388,000 existing
      shares from the market and the release of 20,521,000 shares from treasury shares.

            At the date of approval of these financial statements, the Company had approximately 18,653,000
      share options and 96,227,000 RSUs outstanding under the Share Award Scheme, which represented
      approximately 0.85% of the Company’s shares in issue as at that date.


30. RESERVES
            The amounts of the Group’s reserves and the movements therein for the current and prior years are
      presented in the consolidated statement of changes in equity on page 9 to page 10 of the financial
      statements.

      Merger reserve

            The merger reserve represents the differences between the fair value of consideration shares issued
      by the Company and the carrying amount of the net assets of the target company at the acquisition date
      pursuant to the business combination under common control of the Group that took place in prior years.




186   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2023

30. RESERVES (CONTINUED)

   Other reserves

         Other reserves mainly consist of PRC statutory reserves and contributed surplus. Under the relevant
   PRC laws and regulations, PRC companies are required to allocate 10% of their net profit to the fund until
   such fund reaches 50% of their registered capital. The statutory reserve fund can be utilized, upon
   approval by the relevant authorities, to offset against accumulated losses or to increase registered capital
   of the companies, provided that such fund is maintained at a minimum of 25% of the companies’
   registered capital. Contributed surplus represents the difference between the nominal value of the
   Company’s shares issued in exchange for the issued share capital of the subsidiaries and the net asset
   value of the subsidiaries acquired, and the surplus arising from the reduction of share capital. Under the
   Companies Act of Bermuda and the Bye-laws of the Company, the contributed surplus is distributable to
   shareholders. The Company has no distributable reserves at March 31, 2023 and 2022.


31. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS

   (a)   Major non-cash transactions

         During the year, the Group had non-cash additions to right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of
   RMB14,527,000 (2022: RMB136,195,000) and RMB14,527,000 (2022: RMB136,195,000), respectively, in
   respect of lease arrangements for buildings.

   (b)   Changes in liabilities arising from financing activities

                                                                                                Lease liabilities
                                                                                                 2023                      2022
                                                                                           RMB’000                  RMB’000


         Carrying amount at April 1                                                          135,414                   37,740
         Changes from financing cash flows                                                   (42,586)                 (47,012)
         New leases                                                                           14,527                 136,195
         Revision of leases term arising from a change
           in the non-cancellable period of leases                                           (29,258)                         —
         Acquisition of subsidiaries                                                                 —                     8,567
         Interest expense                                                                       5,833                      3,815
         Interest paid classified as operating cash flows                                      (5,833)                 (3,815)
         Covid–19-related rent concessions from lessors                                          (299)                       (76)


         Carrying amount at March 31                                                          77,798                 135,414




                                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report    187
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

31.	NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
     (CONTINUED)

      (c)     Total cash outflow for leases

              The total cash outflow for leases included in the statement of cash flows is as follows:

                                                                                            2023            2022
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000


              Within operating activities                                                  6,959           4,693
              Within financing activities                                                 42,586          47,012


                                                                                          49,545          51,705



32. COMMITMENTS

      The Group had the following capital commitments at the end of the reporting period:

                                                                                            2023            2022
                                                                                        RMB’000          RMB’000


      Contracted, but not provided for:
            Capital contribution payable to joint ventures                                     —          39,800




188   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                   NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2023

33. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS

  (I)   Transactions with related parties

                                                                                             2023                     2022
                                                                                          RMB’000                  RMB’000


        Ultimate holding company and its subsidiaries:
           Share-based compensation expenses attributable to
              connected persons^                                                           (20,780)                 (22,858)
           Marketing services received from Alibaba Group                               (1,046,205)                (824,163)
           Shared services received from Alibaba Group                                    (254,602)                (308,195)
           Internet information and other related services
              received from Alibaba Group                                                  (266,971)               (282,463)

        Fellow subsidiaries:
           Cloud computing services received from Alibaba Cloud
              Computing Ltd.                                                               (107,044)               (139,593)
           Logistics and warehouse services received from Hangzhou
              Cainiao Supply Chain Management Co., Ltd.                                    (225,189)               (301,227)
           Technical services received from Tmall Entities@ regarding
              Blue Cap Health Food#                                                         (74,152)                 (69,704)
           Technical services received from Tmall Entities regarding
              medical devices, healthcare products, adult products, and
              medical and healthcare services                                              (820,412)               (774,945)
           Technical services received from Taobao Holding Limited
              (“Taobao Holding”) regarding Tmall Products and Services
              and Tmall Global Products and Services*                                      (320,768)               (259,831)
           Incentive fee from Hangzhou Alimama Software Services Co.,
              Ltd.                                                                                  —                     3,455
           Outsourced and value-added services provided to Taobao
              Holding                                                                       105,918                 103,725
           Tracking related services provided to Taobao Holding                               2,092                   1,869
           Sales of products to Taobao Holding                                               23,162                  67,673
           Software services provided to Taobao Holding                                     100,212                  62,545
           Business sourcing and promotion services provided to Koubei
              (Shanghai) Information Technology Co., Ltd.                                          14                      574

        Associate of the ultimate holding company:
          Payment services received from Alipay                                             (78,846)                 (65,163)

        Associates:
          Sales of products                                                                      196                       674

        Joint ventures:
           Management fee                                                                      9,452                  20,674




                                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report    189
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

33. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

      (I)   Transactions with related parties (continued)

            ^
                   On June 15, 2021, the Company granted 421,250 options and 168,500 RSUs to Mr. Zhu Shunyan, an executive Director, the
                   current chairman of the Board and chief executive officer of the Company, and hence a connected person of the Company
                   under the Share Award Scheme. On the same day, the Company granted 67,250 options and 26,900 RSUs to Mr. Tu
                   Yanwu, an executive Director and the chief financial officer of the Company, and hence a connected person of the
                   Company under the Share Award Scheme. The Company granted a total of 481,000 options and 192,400 RSUs to two
                   directors of the subsidiaries of the Company, and hence connected persons of the Company under the Share Award
                   Scheme.


                   On June 15, 2022, a total of 3,776,625 Options are granted to five connected grantees, of which 1,290,125 Options are
                   granted to Mr. Zhu Shunyan, 1,062,750 Options are granted to Mr. Shen Difan, an executive Director and the chief
                   operating officer of the Company, 283,250 Options are granted to Mr. Tu Yanwu, and the remaining Options are granted
                   to three directors of subsidiaries of the Company.


                   On June 15, 2022, a total of 1,992,550 RSUs are granted to six connected grantees, of which 516,050 RSUs are granted to
                   Mr. Zhu Shunyan, 425,100 RSUs are granted to Mr. Shen Difan, an executive Director and the chief operating officer of the
                   Company, 113,300 RSUs are granted to Mr. Tu Yanwu, and the remaining RSUs are granted to three directors of
                   subsidiaries of the Company.


            @
                   Tmall Entities refers to Zhejiang Tmall Network Co., Ltd. and Zhejiang Tmall Technology Co., Ltd.


            #
                   Blue Cap Health Food refers to a kind of health food approved by the State Administration for Market Regulation of China.


            *      Tmall Products and Services comprised pharmaceutical products, medical purpose food products, medical devices, adult
                   products, healthcare products, medical and healthcare services and the target Blue Cap Health Food sold through Tmall
                   Supermarket only.


                   Tmall Global Products and Services comprised pharmaceutical products, medical devices, healthcare products, medical
                   purpose food products, medical and healthcare services.


            All these transactions were carried out in accordance with the terms and conditions mutually agreed
      by the parties involved.




190   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                              March 31, 2023

33. RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS (CONTINUED)

  (II)   Outstanding balances with related parties:

         In addition to the outstanding balances detailed in notes 19, 24 and 25 to the financial statements,
  the balances with related parties as at the end of the reporting period are listed below:

                                                                                                 2023                      2022
                                                                                           RMB’000                  RMB’000


         Fellow subsidiaries:
           Other receivables                                                                 143,485                        621
           Prepayments and deposits                                                           72,015                   56,014
           Other payables                                                                    243,085                 162,780
           Accruals                                                                             3,097                      2,219


         Associate of the ultimate holding company:
           Other receivables                                                                    2,424                        57
           Prepayments and deposits                                                               117                         —
           Other payables                                                                         290                       297


         The balances with fellow subsidiaries and associate of the ultimate holding company are unsecured,
  interest-free, and have no fixed terms of repayment.

  (III) Compensation of key management personnel of the Group

                                                                                                 2023                      2022
                                                                                           RMB’000                  RMB’000


         Short-term employee benefits                                                         17,209                   15,135
         Performance related bonuses                                                          11,419                       9,182
         Share-based compensation expenses                                                    29,277                   28,995
         Pension scheme contributions                                                             669                       583


         Total compensation paid to key management personnel                                  58,574                   53,895


         Further details of directors’ and chief executive’s emoluments are included in note 7 to the financial
  statements.

         The transactions in respect of item (I) above also constitute connected transactions or continuing
  connected transactions as defined in Chapter 14A of the Listing Rules.




                                                      ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report    191
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY

      The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting
period are as follows:

      2023

      Financial assets

                                                    Financial assets at            Financial assets at
                                                        fair value              fair value through other
                                                  through profit or loss         comprehensive income
                                                Designated                                                      Financial
                                                   as such      Mandatorily                                     assets at
                                                upon initial     designated           Debt         Equity      amortized
                                                recognition         as such    investments   investments            cost        Total
                                                   RMB’000         RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000         RMB’000      RMB’000


      Equity investment
           at fair value through other
           comprehensive income                            —               —             —       122,062               —      122,062
      Financial investments at fair value
           through profit or loss                 1,883,292                —            —                  —           —     1,883,292
      Trade receivables                                   —                —            —                  —     578,083       578,083
      Bills receivable                                    —                —          704                  —           —           704
      Financial assets included in
           prepayments, other receivables
           and other assets                                —               —             —                 —      632,979      632,979
      Restricted cash                                      —               —             —                 —      150,262      150,262
      Cash and cash equivalents                            —               —             —                 —   10,917,171   10,917,171


                                                  1,883,292                —          704        122,062       12,278,495   14,284,553




192   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                March 31, 2023

34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (CONTINUED)

     The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting
period are as follows: (continued)

     2023 (continued)

     Financial liabilities

                                                                   Financial
                                                                  liabilities
                                                              at fair value
                                                            through profit
                                                                      or loss
                                                            designated as
                                                                such upon                  Financial
                                                                       initial         liabilities at
                                                               recognition         amortized cost                       Total
                                                                   RMB’000                 RMB’000                 RMB’000


     Trade and bills payables                                                —            3,714,047               3,714,047
     Financial liabilities included in other payables and
        accruals                                                      65,292                537,968                 603,260
     Lease liabilities                                                       —                77,798                  77,798


                                                                      65,292              4,329,813               4,395,105




                                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   193
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (CONTINUED)

      The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting
period are as follows: (continued)

      2022

      Financial assets

                                                      Financial assets at              Financial assets at
                                                          fair value                fair value through other
                                                    through profit or loss           comprehensive income
                                                  Designated                                                        Financial
                                                     as such      Mandatorily                                       assets at
                                                  upon initial designated as              Debt          Equity     amortized
                                                  recognition           such       investments    investments           cost         Total
                                                     RMB’000        RMB’000           RMB’000        RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000


      Equity investment at fair value through
           other comprehensive income                       —                 —             —         140,900              —      140,900
      Financial investments at fair value
           through profit or loss                   1,654,233              7,257            —                  —           —     1,661,490
      Trade receivables                                     —                  —            —                  —     501,700       501,700
      Bills receivable                                      —                  —       14,285                  —           —        14,285
      Financial assets included in
           prepayments, other receivables and
           other assets                                     —                 —             —                  —      523,972      523,972
      Restricted cash                                       —                 —             —                  —       63,125       63,125
      Cash and cash equivalents                             —                 —             —                  —   10,547,851   10,547,851


                                                    1,654,233              7,257       14,285         140,900      11,636,648   13,453,323




194   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                       NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                March 31, 2023

34. FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS BY CATEGORY (CONTINUED)

     The carrying amounts of each of the categories of financial instruments as at the end of the reporting
period are as follows: (continued)

     2022 (continued)

     Financial liabilities

                                                                      Financial
                                                                      liabilities
                                                                 at fair value
                                                               through profit
                                                                        or loss
                                                               designated as
                                                                   such upon                  Financial
                                                                          initial         liabilities at
                                                                   recognition        amortized cost                         Total
                                                                      RMB’000                 RMB’000                 RMB’000


     Trade and bills payables                                                  —             3,528,597               3,528,597
     Financial liabilities included in other payables and
        accruals                                                       106,431                 396,269                 502,700
     Lease liabilities                                                         —               135,414                 135,414


                                                                       106,431               4,060,280               4,166,711




                                                        ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report    195
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

35. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS

      The carrying amounts and fair values of the Group’s financial instruments, other than those with
carrying amounts that reasonably approximate to fair values, are as follows:

                                                                           Carrying amount               Fair value
                                                                            2023             2022       2023             2022
                                                                      RMB’000          RMB’000      RMB’000           RMB’000


      Financial assets


      Equity investment designated at fair value
         through other comprehensive income                            122,062          140,900      122,062          140,900
      Financial assets at fair value through profit
         or loss                                                    1,883,292         1,661,490     1,883,292     1,661,490
      Long-term receivables                                                20,024        13,030       17,950           11,213
      Bills receivable                                                       704         14,285          704           14,285


                                                                    2,026,082         1,829,705     2,024,008     1,827,888


      Financial liabilities


      Contingent consideration included in other
         payables and accruals                                             65,292       106,431       65,292          106,431


      Management has assessed that the fair values of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash, trade
receivables, financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets, trade payables and
financial liabilities included in other payables and accruals, approximate to their carrying amounts largely due
to the short term maturities of these instruments.

      The Group’s finance department headed by the finance manager is responsible for determining the
policies and procedures for the fair value measurement of financial instruments. The finance manager reports
directly to the chief financial officer and the audit committee. At each reporting date, the finance department
analyses the movements in the values of financial instruments and determines the major inputs applied in the
valuation. The valuation is reviewed and approved by the chief financial officer. The valuation process and
results are discussed with the audit committee twice a year for interim and annual financial reporting.




196   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                      March 31, 2023

35. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

     The fair values of the financial assets and liabilities are included at the amount at which the instrument
could be exchanged in a current transaction between willing parties, other than in a forced or liquidation sale.
The following methods and assumptions were used to estimate the fair values:

     The fair values of unlisted equity investments designated at FVOCI or fair values of unlisted equity
investments designated at FVPL have been estimated using a market-based valuation technique and the key
assumptions applied in the calculation are the comparable companies, relevant multiples and DLOM.
Comparable companies are actively traded in stock market and the multiples are publicly available. Also, to
adjust the fair value difference between a publicly traded company and a private company, an independent
valuer has applied the option price model to estimate the DLOM. The Directors believe that the estimated fair
values resulting from the valuation techniques, which are recorded in the consolidated statement of financial
position, and the related changes in fair values, which are recorded in other comprehensive income and fair
value gain or loss, are reasonable.

     The fair value of the contingent consideration included in other payables and accruals has been
calculated by discounting the expected cash flows using the corresponding weighted, average cost of capital, of
which the cost of equity is determined by the capital asset pricing model.

     The fair values of long-term receivables and bills receivable have been calculated by discounting the
expected future cash flows using rates currently available for instruments with similar terms, credit risk and
remaining maturities.

     Below is a summary of significant unobservable inputs to the valuation of financial instruments together
with a quantitative sensitivity analysis as at March 31, 2023 and 2022:

                                              Significant                                          Sensitivity of fair value
                        Valuation technique   unobservable input        Range                      to the input


     Unlisted equity    Valuation multiples   Average P/S multiple of   1.95 to 8.18              1% (2022: 1%) increase/decrease in
         investments                             peers                      (2022: 1.32 to 14.13)    multiple would result in
                                                                                                     increase/decrease in fair value
                                                                                                     by RMB315,000 to RMB4,658,000
                                                                                                     (2022: RMB703,000 to
                                                                                                     RMB7,913,000)

                                              Average P/B multiple of   3.16 (2022: 2.98)          1% (2022: 1%) increase/decrease in
                                                 peers                                                multiple would result in
                                                                                                      increase/decrease in fair value
                                                                                                      by RMB906,000
                                                                                                      (2022: RMB1,170,000/
                                                                                                      RMB854,000)

                                              Discount for lack of      17% to 30%                 1% (2022: 1%) increase/decrease in
                                                  marketability            (2022: 11% to 30%)         discount would result in
                                                                                                      decrease/increase in fair value
                                                                                                      by RMB523,000 to RMB1,026,000
                                                                                                      (2022: RMB301,000 to
                                                                                                      RMB1,978,000)




                                                              ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   197
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

35. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

      Below is a summary of significant unobservable inputs to the valuation of financial instruments together

with a quantitative sensitivity analysis as at March 31, 2023 and 2022: (continued)

                                                      Significant                                  Sensitivity of fair value
                              Valuation technique     unobservable input       Range               to the input


      Unlisted equity         Valuation multiples     Median P/S multiple of   1.28 to 9.78        1% (2022: 1%) increase/decrease in
          investments                                    peers                     (2022: 12.61)      multiple would result in increase
                                                                                                      in fair value by RMB684,000 to
                                                                                                      RMB8,320,000/decrease in fair
                                                                                                      value by RMB691,000 to
                                                                                                      RMB8,320,000
                                                                                                      (2022: RMB8,417,000)

                                                      Discount for lack of     20% to 27%          1% (2022: 1%) increase/decrease in
                                                          marketability           (2022: 23%)         discount would result in
                                                                                                      decrease/increase in fair value
                                                                                                      by RMB259,000 to RMB2,080,000
                                                                                                      (2022: RMB676,000)

      Contingent              Discounted cash flow    Discount rate            15%                 1% increase/decrease in discount
         consideration                                                                                rate would result in decrease/
         included in other                                                                            increase in fair value by
         payables and                                                                                 RMB38,000/RMB38,000
         accruals

                              (2022: Monte Carlo   (2022: Volatility)          (2022: 20%)         (2022: 5% increase/decrease in
                                 Simulation model)                                                    volatility would result in
                                                                                                      increase/decrease in fair value
                                                                                                      by RMB50,000/ RMB51,000)

                                                      (2022: Discount rate)    (2022: 15%)         (2022: 1% increase/decrease in
                                                                                                      discount rate would result in
                                                                                                      decrease/increase in fair value
                                                                                                      by RMB21,000/ RMB24,000)


      The discount for lack of marketability represents the amounts of premiums and discounts determined by
the Group that market participants would take into account when pricing the investments.




198   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                         March 31, 2023

35. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)
   Fair value hierarchy

         The following tables illustrate the fair value measurement hierarchy of the Group’s financial
   instruments:

        Assets measured at fair value:

        As at March 31, 2023

                                                  Fair value measurement using
                                          Quoted prices        Significant           Significant
                                               in active       observable unobservable
                                                markets             inputs       inputs
                                               (Level 1)         (Level 2)    (Level 3)                        Total
                                               RMB’000           RMB’000      RMB’000                       RMB’000


        Equity investment designated
            at fair value through other
            comprehensive income                       —                    —           122,062              122,062
        Financial assets at fair value
            through profit or loss                     —                   —          1,883,292            1,883,292
        Bills receivable                               —                 704                  —                  704


                                                       —                 704          2,005,354            2,006,058


        As at March 31, 2022

                                                  Fair value measurement using
                                          Quoted prices        Significant         Significant
                                               in active       observable        unobservable
                                                markets             inputs              inputs
                                               (Level 1)         (Level 2)           (Level 3)                  Total
                                               RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000                 RMB’000


        Equity investment designated
            at fair value through other
            comprehensive income                       —                    —            140,900              140,900
        Financial assets at fair value
            through profit or loss                     —                  —           1,661,490             1,661,490
        Bills receivable                               —             14,285                   —                14,285


                                                       —             14,285           1,802,390             1,816,675


                                                 ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   199
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

35. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

      Fair value hierarchy (continued)

            The movements in fair value measurements within Level 3 during the year are as follows:

                                                                                      2023                2022
                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000


            Equity investments at fair value though profit or loss
            At April 1                                                            1,661,490            984,456
            Total gains recognized in profit or loss                                 47,917            162,062
            Purchases                                                              142,420             355,000
            Reclassified from investments in associates to financial assets at
                 fair value through profit or loss                                        —           1,050,168
            Reclassified from financial assets at fair value through profit or
                 loss to investments in associates                                        —           (871,003)
            Exchange realignment                                                     31,465             (19,193)


            At March 31                                                           1,883,292           1,661,490


                                                                                      2023                2022
                                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000


            Equity investment at fair value though other comprehensive
                 income
            At April 1                                                             140,900             163,212
            Total losses recognized in other comprehensive income                   (30,090)            (17,177)
            Exchange realignment                                                     11,252              (5,135)


            At March 31                                                            122,062             140,900




200   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                     NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                             March 31, 2023

35. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

   Fair value hierarchy (continued)

        Liabilities measured at fair value:

        As at March 31, 2023

                                                     Fair value measurement using
                                              Quoted prices        Significant  Significant
                                                  in active        observable unobservable
                                                   markets             inputs       inputs
                                                  (Level 1)           (Level 2)            (Level 3)               Total
                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000              RMB’000              RMB’000


        Contingent consideration included
          in other payables and accruals                   —                    —             65,292               65,292


        As at March 31, 2022

                                                      Fair value measurement using
                                              Quoted prices        Significant         Significant
                                                   in active       observable        unobservable
                                                    markets             inputs              inputs
                                                   (Level 1)         (Level 2)           (Level 3)                  Total
                                                   RMB’000           RMB’000             RMB’000                 RMB’000


        Contingent consideration included
          in other payables and accruals                   —                    —            106,431              106,431




                                                     ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   201
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

35. FAIR VALUE AND FAIR VALUE HIERARCHY OF FINANCIAL
    INSTRUMENTS (CONTINUED)

      Fair value hierarchy (continued)

            During the year, there were no transfers of fair value measurements between Level 1 and Level 2
      and no transfers into or out of Level 3 for both financial assets and financial liabilities (2022: Nil).

            Assets for which fair values are disclosed:

            As at March 31, 2023

                                                                       Fair value measurement using
                                                            Quoted prices           Significant  Significant
                                                                in active           observable unobservable
                                                                 markets                 inputs       inputs
                                                                (Level 1)             (Level 2)    (Level 3)         Total
                                                                RMB’000               RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000


            Long-term receivables                                             —         17,950               —     17,950


            As at March 31, 2022

                                                                           Fair value measurement using
                                                             Quoted prices          Significant     Significant
                                                                  in active         observable    unobservable
                                                                   markets               inputs          inputs
                                                                  (Level 1)           (Level 2)       (Level 3)      Total
                                                                  RMB’000             RMB’000         RMB’000     RMB’000


            Long-term receivables                                             —         11,213               —      11,213




202   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                         NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                  March 31, 2023

36. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES

     The Group’s principal financial instruments comprise cash and term deposits. The Group has various other
financial assets and liabilities such as trade receivables and trade payables, which arise directly from its
operations.

     It is, and has been throughout the year under review, the Group’s policy that no trading in financial
instruments shall be undertaken.

     The main risks arising from the Group’s financial instruments are credit risk, foreign currency risk and
liquidity risk. The board of directors reviews and agrees policies for managing each of these risks and they are
summarized below.

     Credit risk

             The Group trades only with recognized and creditworthy third parties. It is the Group’s policy that all
     customers who wish to trade on credit terms are subject to credit verification procedures. In addition,
     receivable balances are monitored on an ongoing basis.

             The credit risk of the Group’s other financial assets, which comprise cash and cash equivalents and
     other receivables, arises from default of the counterparty, with a maximum exposure equal to the carrying
     amounts of these instruments.

             Further quantitative data in respect of the Group’s exposure to credit risk arising from trade
     receivables are disclosed in note 19 to the financial statements.

             The Group places its cash deposits with major international banks in Hong Kong and state-owned
     banks in Mainland China. This investment policy limits the Group’s exposure to concentrations of credit
     risk.

     Maximum exposure and year-end staging

             The tables below show the credit quality and the maximum exposure to credit risk based on the
     Group’s credit policy, which is mainly based on ageing information unless other information is available
     without undue cost or effort, and year-end staging classification as at March 31. The amounts presented
     are gross carrying amounts for financial assets and the exposure to credit risk for the financial guarantee
     contracts.




                                                          ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   203
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

36. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
    (CONTINUED)

      Maximum exposure and year-end staging (continued)

      As at March 31, 2023

                                                          12-month
                                                              ECLs                    Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                      Simplified
                                                            Stage 1         Stage 2       Stage 3     approach         Total
                                                           RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000


      Trade receivables*                                            —            —              —       606,627      606,627
      Bills receivable                                            704            —              —             —          704
      Financial assets included in prepayments,
          other receivables and other assets
          — Normal**                                        632,979              —              —             —      632,979
          — Doubtful**                                            —              —          6,760             —        6,760
      Restricted cash
          — Not yet past due                                150,262              —              —             —      150,262
      Cash and cash equivalents
          — Not yet past due                             10,917,171              —              —             —    10,917,171


                                                         11,701,116              —          6,760       606,627    12,314,503



      As at March 31, 2022

                                                           12-month
                                                               ECLs                   Lifetime ECLs
                                                                                                      Simplified
                                                             Stage 1        Stage 2       Stage 3     approach          Total
                                                            RMB’000        RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000


      Trade receivables*                                           —             —              —       528,420       528,420
      Bills receivable                                        14,285             —              —             —        14,285
      Financial assets included in prepayments,
          other receivables and other assets
          — Normal**                                         510,942             —              —             —       510,942
          — Doubtful**                                             —             —          6,760             —         6,760
      Restricted cash
          — Not yet past due                                  63,125             —              —             —        63,125
      Cash and cash equivalents
          — Not yet past due                             10,547,851              —              —             —    10,547,851


                                                         11,136,203              —          6,760       528,420    11,671,383




204   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                           NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                        March 31, 2023

36. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
    (CONTINUED)

  Maximum exposure and year-end staging (continued)

  *    For trade receivables to which the Group applies the simplified approach for impairment, information based on the provision matrix
       is disclosed in note 19 to the financial statements.


  **   The credit quality of the financial assets included in prepayments, other receivables and other assets is considered to be “normal”
       when they are not past due and there is no information indicating that the financial assets had a significant increase in credit
       risk since initial recognition.


       Since the Group trades only with recognized and creditworthy third parties, there is no requirement
  for collateral. Concentrations of credit risk are managed by customer/counterparty, by geographical region
  and by industry sector. There are no significant concentrations of credit risk within the Group as the
  customer bases of the Group’s trade receivables are widely dispersed in different sectors and industries.

  Foreign currency risk

       The Group has transactional currency exposures. Such exposures arise from the Group’s cash and
  bank balances denominated in currencies other than the functional currencies of the operating units.

       The following table demonstrates the sensitivity at the end of the reporting period to a reasonably
  possible change in the RMB exchange rate, with all other variables held constant, of the Group’s profit/
  (loss) before tax arising from RMB denominated cash and bank balances.

                                                                                                     Increase/           Decrease/
                                                                                Increase/           (decrease)           (increase)
                                                                               (decrease)              in profit             in loss
                                                                             in RMB rate            before tax           before tax
                                                                                       %              RMB’000              RMB’000


       2023
       If the Hong Kong dollar weakens against RMB                                          1                600                     N/A
       If the Hong Kong dollar strengthens against RMB                                     (1)              (600)                    N/A


       2022
       If the Hong Kong dollar weakens against RMB                                          1                N/A               (2,114)
       If the Hong Kong dollar strengthens against RMB                                     (1)               N/A                2,114




                                                                ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report    205
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

36. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
    (CONTINUED)

      Liquidity risk

            The Group monitors its risk to a shortage of funds using a recurring liquidity planning tool. This tool
      considers the maturity of both its financial instruments and financial assets (e.g., trade receivables) and
      projected cash flows from operations.

            The maturity profile of the Group’s financial liabilities as at the end of the reporting period, based on
      the contractual undiscounted payments, is as follows:

            As at March 31, 2023

                                                                             Less than
                                                                             1 year or
                                                                           on demand     Over 1 year        Total
                                                                              RMB’000      RMB’000       RMB’000


            Trade and bills payables                                        3,714,047             —     3,714,047
            Financial liabilities included in other payables and
               accruals                                                       603,260             —       603,260
            Lease liabilities                                                  46,322        51,367        97,689


                                                                            4,363,629        51,367     4,414,996


            As at March 31, 2022

                                                                             Less than
                                                                             1 year or
                                                                           on demand     Over 1 year         Total
                                                                              RMB’000      RMB’000        RMB’000


            Trade and bills payables                                         3,528,597            —      3,528,597
            Financial liabilities included in other payables and
                 accruals                                                     396,337        106,363       502,700
            Lease liabilities                                                   56,865        82,050       138,915


                                                                             3,981,799       188,413     4,170,212




206   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                  NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                           March 31, 2023

36. FINANCIAL RISK MANAGEMENT OBJECTIVES AND POLICIES
    (CONTINUED)

  Capital management

       The Group manages its capital to ensure that entities in the Group will be able to continue as a
  going concern while maximizing the return to stakeholders through the optimization of the debt and
  equity balance. The Group’s overall strategy remains unchanged from that of the prior year.

       The capital structure of the Group consists of equity attributable to owners of the Company,
  comprising issued share capital and reserves.

       The directors of the Company review the capital structure on a regular basis. As part of this review,
  the directors consider the cost of capital and the risks associated with each class of capital. Based on
  recommendations of the directors, the Group will balance its overall capital structure through new issues
  of shares.




                                                   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report   207
NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
March 31, 2023

37. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY

      Information about the statement of financial position of the Company at the end of the reporting period is
as follows:

                                                                                        2023               2022
                                                                                    RMB’000            RMB’000


      NON-CURRENT ASSETS
      Investments in subsidiaries                                                 33,892,471         34,139,037
      Due from subsidiaries                                                        8,804,374          8,249,684


      Total non-current assets                                                    42,696,845         42,388,721


      CURRENT ASSETS
      Prepayments and other receivables                                              114,258             86,115
      Other intangible assets                                                            182                169
      Restricted cash                                                                 19,979                  —
      Cash and cash equivalents                                                         2,101             6,903


      Total current assets                                                           136,520             93,187


      CURRENT LIABILITIES
      Other payables and accruals                                                     27,459             26,035
      Due to subsidiaries                                                               9,966            12,008


      Total current liabilities                                                       37,425             38,043


      NET CURRENT ASSETS                                                              99,095             55,144


      TOTAL ASSETS LESS CURRENT LIABILITIES                                       42,795,940         42,443,865


      Net assets                                                                  42,795,940         42,443,865


      EQUITY
      Share capital                                                                  119,133            119,102
      Treasury shares                                                                 (70,482)          (23,516)
      Reserves                                                                    42,747,289         42,348,279


      Total equity                                                                42,795,940         42,443,865




208   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
                                                          NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                                                                                                                                        March 31, 2023

37. STATEMENT OF FINANCIAL POSITION OF THE COMPANY
    (CONTINUED)

        A summary of the Company’s reserves is as follows:

                                                                                                                 Employee
                                                              Share                              Exchange      share-based
                                                           premium      Capital   Contributed   fluctuation   compensation     Accumulated
                                                            account    reserve        surplus     reserve#         reserve           losses        Total
                                                  Notes     RMB’000    RMB’000       RMB’000      RMB’000          RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000


        At April 1, 2021                                  43,281,281    36,078         57,741     (311,809)        363,949       (1,049,463)   42,377,777
        Loss for the year                                         —          —             —             —               —          (11,899)      (11,899)
        Translation from functional currency to
            presentation currency                                 —          —             —      (337,121)              —               —       (337,121)


        Total comprehensive loss for the year                     —          —             —      (337,121)              —          (11,899)     (349,020)
        Exercise of share options                             14,792         —             —             —           (5,123)             —          9,669
        Share-based compensation expenses                         —          —             —             —         293,244               —        293,244
        Vested awarded shares transferred to
            employees                              29        203,824    22,574             —             —         (209,789)             —         16,609


        At March 31, 2022 and April 1, 2022               43,499,897    58,652        57,741      (648,930)        442,281       (1,061,362)   42,348,279
        Loss for the year                                         —          —             —             —               —         (64,637)       (64,637)
        Translation from functional currency to
            presentation currency                                 —          —             —       185,306               —               —       185,306


        Total comprehensive profit for the year                   —          —             —       185,306               —         (64,637)      120,669
        Exercise of share options                            19,345          —             —             —          (6,486)              —        12,859
        Share-based compensation expenses                         —          —             —             —         254,869               —       254,869
        Vested awarded shares transferred to
            employees                              29       214,834     27,002             —             —        (231,223)              —        10,613


        At March 31, 2023                                 43,734,076    85,654        57,741      (463,624)        459,441       (1,125,999)   42,747,289



        #
                The exchange fluctuation reserve represents the difference arising from translating the financial statements from HK$ into RMB, the
                Group’s presentation currency.



38. APPROVAL OF THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS

        The financial statements were approved and authorized for issue by the board of directors on May 23,
2023.




                                                                           ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report        209
FINANCIAL SUMMARY

                                                                                  Year ended March 31,
                                                            2023                2022             2021          2020          2019
                                                      RMB’000                RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000


      RESULTS
      Revenue                                       26,763,016             20,577,616      15,518,468     9,596,476     5,095,867


      Profit/(loss) before tax                          550,994              (252,514)        401,219         9,094        (60,830)
      Income tax expense                                (16,731)              (13,427)         (58,539)      (24,790)      (30,934)


      Profit/(loss) for the year                        534,263              (265,941)        342,680        (15,696)      (91,764)


      Attributable to:
      Owners of the parent                              533,407              (265,555)        348,588         (6,586)      (81,949)
      Non-controlling interests                              856                 (386)          (5,908)       (9,110)       (9,815)


                                                        534,263              (265,941)        342,680        (15,696)      (91,764)


                                                                                        As at March 31,
                                                            2023                2022             2021          2020          2019
                                                      RMB’000                RMB’000         RMB’000       RMB’000       RMB’000


      ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
      Total assets                                  20,757,857             19,201,969      17,739,204     7,869,972     5,981,885
      Total liabilities                             (5,600,222)            (5,129,737)      (3,457,600)   (2,667,457)   (3,245,059)


                                                    15,157,635             14,072,232      14,281,604     5,202,515     2,736,826


      Equity attributable to owners of
         the parent                                 15,184,009             14,098,419      14,301,950     5,269,145     2,794,519
      Non-controlling interests                         (26,374)              (26,187)         (20,346)      (66,630)      (57,693)


                                                    15,157,635             14,072,232      14,281,604     5,202,515     2,736,826




210   ALIBABA HEALTH Information Technology Limited · 2023 Annual Report
